<Author>TravelingSouth55
<Content>Not worth the price We stayed at the Soniat House for 2 separate nights, a week apart. Our first night's stay was better than the second. The staff was friendly and very helpful, and the hotel's ambiance was exactly what we had hoped for. The room we were assigned was small but very nice, although the hot water ran out in the middle of the first shower. The mistake we made was choosing to have their breakfast. For 25.00, the 2 of us received 5 biscuits, jam, orange juice, and coffee. We are from South Louisiana, and love strong coffee. But there was not enough hot milk provided to make more than 2 cups of this thick coffee into cafe au lait. For our second stay, we were assigned a much less appealing room in the back of the hotel. It was large, but smelled musty and needed redecorating. The cost was over 300.00 after New Orleans taxes were applied. This room was at the top of their rate system for a single room, but clearly not worth the price. Needless to say, we did not have the breakfast. In summary, I would rate this hotel high on customer service and ambiance, but low in other areas. The experience of entering the doors off a residential street into the typical New Orleans courtyard was great, but even the top quality rooms vary in appeal. Skip the breakfast and walk to the French Market for a better experience.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>CaliforniaLori
<Content>quaint and charming       suite 28 living room  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>recitalmom
<Content>Just what I expected and more I really did my research before traveling to NO because of the city's reputation to be seedy. This hotel was everything it said it was online and more. The hotel was beautiful, quaint, understated....considered to be a small, luxury hotel. I am writing this review while sipping wine on the lovely lacey wrought iron hotel balcony and listening to the slow trot of horse drawn carriages coming up the street. In the distance you can also hear the muted sounds of rivership horns on the Mississippi. This is not the Marriott though....you will not be able to get room service at midnight. But for those of us looking for atmosphere, this is the place to stay. It is located in the lower Riverside part of the French Quarter....inside the quarter but not too close to Bourbon Street. Our room was across the street from the main hotel building along side a very serene inside garden courtyard. At night small tealight candles light the way through both courtyards in the main building and across the street. Both properties lock with a key to an iron fence door along the street but we always felt safe within both buildings. The staff was extremely accommodating and friendly. There is a lovely warm biscuit breakfast served to your room on a silver tray. Yes, this is the only breakfast option, but who wants to eat every morning in the same place while your on vacation? Especially in NO where there is such a wide variety of food. The hotel also has a sitting room with an honor bar where you can get bottled water before you go out to tour or get an afternoon cocktail. We did a lot of walking while we were here but we didn't mind a short walk to here or there. We took the street car to the Garden District which was rather far from here. The homes in the garden district were grand and incredibly beautiful and definitely worth the trip. But the shopping and dining I found to be a bit too eclectic for this stunning neighborhood. The dining was too BBQ and picnic tables for the area, I thought. This was our first time in NO. We knew Bourbon St. was going to be tacky but yikes!!!! I guess it would have been fun about twenty years ago when I was a college kid but at middle age it was kind of scary! I was expecting Key West but instead we found Sodom and Gemora......Here again....yikes! But the Soniat had the lovely old fashioned southern charm I was looking for in NO.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnbond_bahamas
<Content>"think twice before you commit to this outdated hotel"       Peeling wallpaper - bathroom  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>tkring
<Content>Would Stay Here Again The Soniat House will give you a true sense of what it is like to live in the French Quarter. It's a totally different experience than staying in the Ritz Carlton or other new properties. You are in an old property (1830's) that includes a courtyard and balconies. We stayed in room #27 (Slave Quarters) and found it to be everything we wanted. The larger than average room was clean/fresh with a wonderful king size bed, and a comfortable bathroom. The AC was very cold and quite which is a must for August. The staff went out of their way to ensure we had everything we needed. The breakfast was also a nice treat and one you must do at least once. Only warning that I have is to tall people - the shower heads are low. I'm 5'5 and had to bend down. Note that my husband is taller but didn't complain. He said it was okay. Soniat was built in early 1800's and converted to the current hotel in 1984. The owners live close by in the Quarter and keep a very close watch on the place. Soniat is located in the residential section of the French Quarter - close to the French Market and Esplanade. It's about 8 blocks from Jackson Square.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smileycuteness
<Content>Loved the location Stumbled upon a 50% off summer rate for soniat. They then upgraded us to a better room with a 4 poster bed on the second floor with a balcony to the street. It was surprisingly quiet and romantic. Lovely high ceilings, older antiques, courtyard with elderly friendly cat to greet you. This place gives you the French Quarter experience in a quieter more sophisticated manner. Great service. Very happy and would return.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Pecanhovits
<Content>Great little hotel Soniat House is a great little hotel. Low key, furniture is old on the good sense: old world charm. Very clean. Bed was great, bathroom was brand new, high quality everything.One of their apartments has two bedrooms connected by a door. Perfect for a family (but know that the bathroom is shared by both rooms). One of the rooms has a king bed, the other has a full size. One small TV in each bedroom, and one safe in the closet. No refrigerator in the bedroom. There are two umbrellas in the closet to be borrowed.There's a honor bar at the hall where you're supposed to serve yourself with drinks and put your room number on a piece of paper. The hotel has free internet connection (at least it had during 4th of July holiday).Staff is friendly. Hotel is near everything in the French Quarter (some 7 blocks away from the busiest part of Bourbon St, but that's a good thing because of the noise).  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>GingerGirlNY
<Content>Lovely New Orleans Gem We have stayed at Soniat a few times prior to Katrina and are hoping to visit again before the Christmas holidays this year. This is a wonderful place to stay for a true sense of the Quarter. It is a private, courtyard inn so you are without the chaos of a lobby on Bourbon Street. There is a concierge who is available to you with info about sights to see, places to eat and things to do. But if you want a quiet, romantic, New Orleans vibe -- this is the place to go. They light candles in the courtyard at night, have a lovely salon for drinks and in the morning they bring you the most delicious coffee and biscuits. We woke up one morning to jazz being played in the courtyard. Not sure if it was a commercial being filmed or what, but it was so cool. We always get a second floor room, gorgeous four-poster bed with great atmosphere. This is not the place for party people as it's only worth of those who truly enjoy the romance of New Orleans. Stay there with your boyfriend or girlfriend, husband or wife (leave the kids at home) and soak in the ambiance. Can't wait to get there again!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tricie
<Content>Okay, but not a 'luxury hotel", as advertised Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Soniat. While not as bad as some reviewers have indicated, we've stayed at better hotels.The good: Very quiet, lots of antiques. We were upgraded from jr. suite to very large suite with 2 full baths, king bed, large livingroom area. Frette linens and towels were great and always replenished for us.The not-so-good: Everything was just too old (more than just quaint and antique.) No comfortable seating in the room. Tiny tv (I know this shouldn't be the emphasized piece of furniture, but 12 screen really is too small.) Charge $25 for 2, for the biscuits, juice, and coffee was too much. If you're looking for a modern, full-service stay, this isn't it. It's pretty pricey for what you get, and as some guide books suggest, the rooms across the street from the lobby seem to be the largest.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AdrianaKate
<Content>overpriced for the standard rooms I was expecting a luxury property as their ads publicize  was excited to find a 50% summer price reduction rate. We booked a standard one bedroom and even at about $140, I was disappointed. The larger suites were a different matter. Those rooms are much larger , furnished with antiques  next to the outdoor balconies that overlook Chartes St .  the Ursuline Convent. Possibly those rooms deserve the luxury designation not theservants quarters that are the standard rooms. Our tiny room did have a quaint French style I remember from my European backpacking days with a faux fireplace, decent closet with bathrobes  old flowered wallpaper in the dingy bathroom. There was a very small table but the lamp took up most of the space on it. The outlets on the wall with the tiny TV did not work . Luckily, the very nice porter did find us an extension cord. Wireless internet access did not work at all either in the room or downstairs in the living room-lobby. Luckily,the wired computer in the lobby was available for use. The a/c also did not get the room very cool. Although not eco-conscious, the shower was the best thing about the room. Full volume blasts of water were a great massage  the French Annick Goutal toiletries had a nice lemon scent. Towels were fluffy  replaced twice per day which was a good thing because there is only one small towel rack  nowhere to hang a wet towel. There was also no coffee maker or ice bucket. All the rooms surround a small courtyard with nice but unspectacular greenery. The location was convenient and quiet and the valet parking area was secure. Overall it was an OK experience but not close to luxury.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>AKBGa
<Content>Money can be spent much better elsewhere Good : The Soniat House is a nice example of historic New Orleans architecture. The doormen and waiters are extremely friendly. The hotel is conveniently located in the French Quarter.Bad : The rooms are a bit dingy. They could use an interior decorator and a paint job. The AC unit in our room was very loud during our stay (but essential in the New Orleans heat). The breakfast (two biscuits,coffee, and OJ) is a joke at almost $13 per person, and at these rates, it should ABSOLUTELY be included in the price of the room. The $15 surcharge for a bucket of ice is even more ridiculous. I walked around the corner and bought bags of ice from a local grocer during my stay. Sometimes the doorman was hard to locate when I wanted to either park my car or get it out of the garage. There are no in room safes. The closets in my room both times I have stayed here were small. The cortyard is ok, but I have seen much nicer (and better kept) at other places I have stayed in New Orleans.All in all, you will get much more bang for your buck at other hotels in the French Quarter (Monteleone, Royal Sonesta, and a myriad of other places.). The bottom line is that the Soniat House would be a decent place to stay at much reduced rates. I would look elsewhere for accomodations in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>AlbanyGAClay
<Content>Soniat House no longer deserves the designation of New Orleans' best Extremely disappointed. I booked the Soniat House in Novemeber for the Jazz fest in May and was guaranteed a King bed Junior Suite room so that is why I upgraded to the outrageous $425 a night before taxes. We were put in a subpar room which was very small with a queen bed and a very tiny bathroom. I went to the owner and asked for my rate to be reduced to reflect their middle range rooms since they did not deliver. She was rude stating the rate is the rate and we have bills to pay. After the dispute, the other manager stated that we will provide breakfast every day. Breakfast is coffee, juice, and 4 biscuits which when we received the final bill they charged us anyway and had to have it removed. The breakfast was never served on time always either too late and one time an hour early waking us up. There is no in room coffee, no in room safe, no in room bottled water, costs $15 for ice, ice bucket and glasses (unbelievable that this is not included). Only 2 towels are in the room at a time. They have turn down service at night, and I requested that my towels be replaced nightly as well as anyone who has been to the Jazz fest knows it is a 2 shower a day event. I had to go get them every night because they did not honor that request. The shampoo and soap were only replaced 1 time in 5 days. The wallpaper is stained and peeling, and the air condition rattled all night. There was not always an attendant on duty to park the car, but they charge $25 a day to park your car. The Soniat House is not worthy of a small luxury inn designation. We go to Jazz Fest every year with friends and family and obviously will be staying elsewhere.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NOLAtravelor
<Content>Fabulous French Quarter Find I live 2 blocks away from the Soniat House and I have always loved the neighborhood we share and the ambiance of the hotel in general. My parents stayed in a suite the week of my wedding and my bridesmaids and I all got ready at the Soniat House. The staff was absolutely amazing to my parents and to my entire bridal party. The hotel was the perfect setting for such a special day. They were very kind to allow me to take pictures in the courtyard before the ceremony and the pictures are breathtaking. I cannot say enough about what a fabulous experience this was for me and my parents. In my opinion there is no better place to stay in the city if you want to get a true feel of what it is like to live in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MeridiaPilot
<Content>Hidden Gekm I am saddened by the other family not having a great stay. We brought our two boys 8 and 11, and shared a two bedroom suite. The place was charming, the owner and staff were very helpful and friendly to the children. The place is unique with wonderful tall ceilings and beautifully appointed rooms.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tunicaboy
<Content>Will never stay here again Management was very unhelpful and rude. My family has stayed here for years and enjoyed the experience, until this visit. We were told at 10:30pm the night before check in that children under the age of 12 were not allowed. This would have been O.K. had this information been provided to us at the time we booked the room. Or if it was even on their website. They were adament about their policy, even after a different employee told us that kids under 12 had stayed there the week before. We spoke with the owner who could not have been more rude or unhelpful if she tried. They didn't even try to help us make other arangements. We told her that this attitude would cost her alot of money just from our family never staying there again and she could have cared less. These people need to get out of the service industry.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>mimi117
<Content>The Real Thing This is a late review for a stay last summer. After reading a bad review, I just had to put my two cents' worth in. I think this property is wonderful.Arriving on a sweltering July day, my husband and I were escorted in by a gentleman (a word I do not use lightly) to the office, which looks more like a sitting room or very nice home office. Here we were seated while the check-in process occurred. We were upgraded to a suite, a pleasant surprise which we had not requested. We found our suite to be upstairs with its own private entrance and veranda within the hotel. It was not glitzy, but elegant and peaceful. The bathroom was wonderful, with a lighted makeup mirror, a jetted tub and a private covered terrace with a table and chairs and plants. The courtyard was peaceful and very New Orleans. The sitting room for guests was beautiful, quiet and cool. The honor bar was very handy, though a bit expensive. The location suited us very well, as we preferred to be a short walk from the mayhem than rather in the midst of it. All in all, it felt like being a guest in a very nice, well-run home. Though my husband and I are, I hope, presentable, we are not moneyed and do not look it. We were treated as if we did. We did not find that having booked a small room at a discounted rate resulted in being treated any differently and in fact, as previously mentioned, were upgraded to a suite with a private veranda and treated like royalty. We'll be back!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dancingnancy
<Content>Authentic New Orleans       A fountain in one of the courtyards.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>sinatraDurango
<Content>Beware in Making Reservations Beware in making your reservation. My fiance and I each called separately to book a three night stay during Jazz Festival. We were told which room they had available and we booked a room for our stay. We then book our non-refundable airline reservations. The next day we received our fax confirmation that had us staying 4 nights instead of 3. I called and was informed that they had a 4 night minimum during Jazz Festival. the reservations agent had not told either of us about the minimum, nor did their fax state that there was such a minimum. I tried to rearrange our schedule, but could not. Since the hotel had not mentioned this during our multiple calls reserving the room and we had paid for non-refundable airline tickets based our our converstion with their reservation agent, I hoped that they would waive the 4th night requirement and allow us to stay the 3 nights. They apologized for the misunderstanding, but refused. I have heard that the hotel is beautiful, but I would never stay there or recommend it to anybody due to the way we were treated.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xtacine
<Content>Almost five stars, but please don't think of it as a full-service hotel... In reading some previous reviews, it seems that many people are expecting full service amenities at this antique jewelbox of...the most elegant BB that ever existed in New Orleans. Granted, the property is listed among SLH places, meaning Small Luxury Hotels. And still, to us the Soniat House is the following:An absolutely stunning, antique-filled, quintessentially New Orleans almost-BB, with class, service-minded staff and truly a must if your wallet can stand it. Forget about the rooms - get a junior suite or a full-size suite instead. We opted for their $1,500 package, which included a FABULOUS junior suite, a complementary dinner at Gautreau's, an elegant culinary Uptown restaurant in the Garden District, limo transportation from the airport to the hotel, and yes, the delicious buttermilk biscuit breakfast for which the hotel is known. I wanted to steal half the furniture with me from the hotel room, it was that beautiful. Frette linens and robes, a very comfortable four poster king bed draped by THE Alain Simard - like sleeping under the most exquisite tented ceiling. There was a small ante-room where we took our breakfast every morning. Two television sets, tiny (mercifully, huge TVs are ugly in an antique-filled suite) which we never watched, because we were so taken with every corner of the room. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub, marble, wallpaper, sconces and was equipped with Annick Goutal toiletries. Safe, hairdryer, in-room wireless...and those lamps...so help me, I would have bought them all on the spot, had they been for sale. We would have opened the windows to our French balcony, but alas, it was a little too chilly outside. Our accommodations were facing a lovely courtyard...it was so romantic, so elegant, so charming and so put us in the mood for exploring the French Quarter. In addition, the property is located at the quiet end of the Vieux Carr茅, meaning away from all the insanity on Bourbon Street. It was the perfect location for antique shopping, eating, strolling and still, at night, there wasn't a sound. And we were there for New Year's Eve!The property has a lovely drawing room where there is a well--stocked honor bar and a computer which somehow was always available. The staff - Rodney and Frances Smith, the owners, as well as the concierges and the charming local elderly gentlemen who showed up in white tuxes for breakfast room service - were the epitome of N'Awlins charm...soooooo sweet!.I had requested a different type of breakfast - I wanted oatmeal, a fruitplate and herbal tea instead. No problem whatsoever. This was delivered every morning. The newspaper came once during our stay. The concierge booked a swamp outing for us. They made dinner reservations way in advance. They diligently tried to get a taxi for us on New Year's Eve. All in all, everyone was so gracious and so professional. So why the four stars instead of five? Simply because there isn't a 4.5 rating. In all fairness, I don't think you can compare, say, a full-service luxury hotel with spa, on-site restaurant, full room service, on-site boutiques, etc. with this place. People who come to Soniat house and expect those things will be disappointed. They should stay at the Ritz-Carlton on Canal Street, which unfortunately is noisy with traffic and with boring decor inside. But we would never do that, since we wanted luxury but also the authentic New Orleans experience. Would we stay at Soniat House again? Oh God, yes. There isn't a finer....BB in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jess6612
<Content>Mixed feelings We stayed at the Soniat House during the Thanksgiving holiday and were mostly impressed. Particularly loved the breakfast--it is served most elegantly, absolutely delicious and worth the extra money (although it really should be included in the rate). Our room was very traditional, had access to a verandah overlooking the French Quarter and the horse and buggies going by. BUT--there was very little light for reading and the bathroom really needs maintenance (tiles cracked etc). There is an embarrassing 15 tv which we never used. The staff was very accomodating. The whole place reeks of decadent N. Orleans atmosphere. If you want mod conveniences (i.e. a gym, flat screen) this is not the place, although there is free wireless service which we appreciated.Not sure if we would return there, but it definitely is a place to try once.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	4	5	

<Author>parctown
<Content>One of a kind... My husband and I stayed in a jr. suite at the Soniat House in late October for the week of our wedding. It was beautiful and we didn't want to leave. The Soniat House truly captures old New Orleans elegance. If you go, take a deep breath and and slow down a bit. Follow the advice of the staff - it will make for a great trip. I'll take freshly brewed coffee and baked biscuits on a silver tray delivered with a smile over a plastic coffee maker on the bathroom counter any day!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>erowe11
<Content>Lovely, but Lacking I agree with the reviews I've read so far -- really loved some things about the Soniat -- location and staff are absolutely high points.I really don't understand why there's not a free breakfast or a little coffee maker in the room or even a way to easily get ice. I enjoyed our room - high ceilings and very comfy bed, but the TV's an eyesore and the AC is as loud as a landing jet.I'm afraid the big, cheap hotel chains in the US have actually spoiled me. I want a cup of coffee before I leave my room in the AM, I want some local-color magazines to read and I want a free bite to eat before I carpe diem.Adorable place, but it's neither fish nor fowl -- not a true homey generous bed and breakfast and not an efficient and cheap chain alternative.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>travelingtexan69
<Content>Not the best deal This hotel tries to position itself as a high end hotel with a french flavor. I was able to get a $250 rate, the room was rather small, which is ok, but it was showing wear. It was clean, the staff was nice. I was not too impressed with the courtyard, it needs some maintenance. Breakfast is served there at $11 per person. Coffee will be delivered to your room if you call, but don't drop into the lobby looking for coffee-not that kind of place.They had a sitting area for serve your self drinks at night, it looked enticing but it never fit with our schedule.The second night the ac broke and we asked for a new room in the morning. Thats when things went down hill, the room was very small, on the street, the ac was loud, the street had some noise, and there was another compressor that kicked in during the night, we did not get much sleep and when we complained, they apologized but we wanted an adjustment. which we did not get.Overall not a bad hotel, but not a good value.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelersfromTampa
<Content>bad taste We were scheduled to stay in the Soniat House in mid July for 2 nights and called to cancel the week before and was unable to do so. More than 48 hours was given and still we were charged for one night's stay. The hotel looks quaint and I would have loved to stay there yet with this type of customer service I will bring my business somewhere else when visiting New Orleans.Disatified in Tampa!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>etherbunny
<Content>Very ordinary, not one of my 1000 things to see before I croak I have visited New Orleans many times, but this was my first trip since Katrina. I took advantage of the mid-summer discounted rate to stay at the fabled Soniat House. Never again. There is nothing special about this hotel. The courtyard of the main building is narrow, has no fountain, and is dark.My room was small, never cool enough, and had a very small bathroom. There is no lobby to speak of, and no bar, but there is an honor bar in a little sitting room near the front desk, with melting ice in a bucket, and warm soft drinks. There was no way to carry any ice to my room.The building across the street has a nicer courtyard with a fountain. I saw one room facing Chartres which was a little bigger than my tiny closet, but not big enough to justify the regular rate of $400 per night.I got the famous biscuit breakfast on my last day, simply because it was too hot to walk to Cafe du Monde while I waited for my taxi to the airport. Two biscuits, about as good as the frozen ones in any supermarket, fresh OJ, and a good coffee and hot milk. Nicely presented on a tray. Still, $12.50?This end of Chartres is very quiet, but it's a long walk to shops, restaurants, Acme Oyster House, Cafe du Monde, or any of the places you'd like to drop into first thing in the morning or last thing at night.The staff, esp the bellmen, were very cordial, but I'll go to the Monteleone next trip and enjoy the pool and its proximity to Galatoire's..  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	3	4	1	

<Author>donk93953
<Content>Wonderful Experience A delight. Stepping back into a much more genteel time. Because I was staying a number of nights, I was upgraded to a suite. The furnishings were dated and electic. Service was wonderful. Yes, some things were not perfect, but for a city and a hotel fighting it's way back. This was a romantic place. If you want the 4 Seasons, or 5 star, this is not the place. It is more an elegant bed and breakfast. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Petty Beautiful hotel in a great location -- inside the French Quarter yet far from the noise of Bourbon Street. I stayed in room #28, a grand suite with high ceilings, antiques and a private Chartres Street balcony. I enjoyed my stay but nevertheless left very disappointed. This hotel could easily of hit a home run but, due to pettiness, left me wanting. At nearly $700/night for the room, charging an additional $12+ for a continental breakfast seems petty. Charging $15+ at checkout, without advance warning, for a bucket of ice because I brought my own bubbly (they have an overpriced honor bar) is about as petty as it gets.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great service Great service but a poky, airless airless room, no windows and blinds that didn't close so we were visible from the staircase. Even the air-vent didn't open. The patio was lovely but the breakfast is over-priced and better in a cafe around the corner. Only go if you can afford a better room.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissEllie
<Content>I love the Soniat House What a beautiful hotel -- so private, quiet, and elegant. Room 53 was my home away from home. It's on the ground floor and has a window overlooking a lovely courtyard with a large fountain and a couple of iron lace tables and chairs. This suite has a nice sized living room, bedroom, and bathroom. The ceilings are 14 feet high and the rooms are furnished with French antiques. I usually have a hard time sleeping comfortably on hotel mattresses, but the bed here was so comfortable (my friend in Room 52 said the same thing). My friend stayed in room 52, directly across the courtyard from me. Room 52 is a slightly smaller suite than room 53. We were the only two people who used the courtyard the entire week we were there -- we felt like we had the whole place to ourselves. The hotel is in the French Quarter, about 3 or 4 blocks away from Jackson Square. The rooms we had were expensive, but it was worth every penny for the excellent service and accomodations. I will definitely stay at the Soniat again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ravenwilde
<Content>Elegant, maybe, but stingy Soniat House does have an atmosphere of storied elegance. However, charging 11+ bucks for a couple of biscuits, juice, and coffee, is outrageous, and especially so considering the high room rates. There are plenty of other BBs that offer full gourmet breakfasts or vastly expanded continental included in their (much more reasonable) rates, and with similar attention to decor and elegance.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Epitome of Old New Orleans Charm We stayed in the suite with the four poster bed (room 64 across the street from the lobby) while attending the Iron Chef Italian meal at Stella! in early January. This is a magnificent place to stay if you want to capture the heart and soul of Old New Orleans. Fourteen foot high ceilings, heart of pine floors, period antiques, a balcony on Chartres Street, a lush courtyard - I half expected to run into William Faulkner in the room next door. This is as romantic as it gets in the French Quarter in NO and worth every penny of the $259 rate at this time (we were automatically upgraded to the best suite - just wish we were able to stay longer).For those dissing the hotel, apparently they were expecting modern hotel rooms with all the amenities - on par with Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton. All I can say is they should have stayed at Windsor Court or the Ritz Carlton. If you want all that I mentioned up above plus more, try the Soniat House and try to get room 64 first or 60 if 64 is not available. I completely understand why it is a member of the Small Luxury Hotels program - it deserves to be a member based on our first stay.Regardless, go to -----, join the Small Luxury Hotels Club (it's free), and book your stay through them. You will then be entitled to a free upgrade depending upon availability.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>milhouse
<Content>So-So The pluses:1) quaintness of the courtyards2) the balconies overlooking chartres3) the location (quiet, safe part of the fq but only a block or two from the action).So-so:1) the biscuits and coffee are really good (positive), but are over-priced(negative). we got ours for free on one day because the pilot light went out leaving us cold for the night -- they gave us breakfast to make up for it. were they worth $22? i don't know about that.The downside:1) bathrooms need a little updating (countertops need to be replaced, wallpaper is stained in several places)2) televisions. either don't have them at all or get real ones. the 10 inch 10 year old tvs that come standard with each room have to go. this is just so silly and it becomes irritating the more I think about it. either provide reading materials and no tvs, like at some bb's, or just pay to have real televsions in each room. it makes the room look like complete trash to have this small little rinky dink tv stand with a really outdated television sitting on it. and don't think you're getting a better one by staying in a suite or junior suite (the same tv's are in those rooms).3) some of the antiques found throughout the rooms and the public spaces are nice, some are simply old.4) pillows are very uncomfortable (soft and lumpy).  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmcc
<Content>disappointed I've stayed here before (in the cottage) and had a lovely experience but this visit I was pretty disappointed. We booked a suite for $425 a night and were put in a room with a tiny sitting area with one chair and steps up to the bedroom area. If we had payed less money and asked for a deluxe room, I would have been more pleased, but as booked, this room was not a good value. I can only assume that the rooms are pretty irregular. The bathroom was only okay. Small bathroom, large but acrylic tub. No coffee or even water in the room at turndown. Laughably tiny little TV's on TV tray. Newspaper was placed outside our room on rainy morning without a plastic wrapper. (it was soaked and unreadable of course) For NO, $425 is a lot of money, I expected more. I will not stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keowee
<Content>Over-priced for what you get.... What a disappointment! After reading the Small Luxury Hotels recommendation, along with Conde Nast referral, we were shocked to be given the most 'tiny' room, #15, with shabby bed linens, dirty upholstery, and the room was so musty that they had brought in a dehumidifier!!! When we complained, we were told that our internet rate of only $150 didn't allow us to upgrade!!! Parking was an additional $25!!! The Soniat did not even provide coffee!! (But they wanted to charge an additional $25 for coffee, juice and biscuits!) We walked to Cafe DuMonde and enjoyed ourselves nonetheless. We will not ever recommend this property, nor stay here again. The owner, 'Miss Francis', by the way, is the mother-in-law of the Chef at Gautreau's, so if you ask for assistance, this is where you are funneled! The overall attitude here was rude unfortunately. Not a good experience. Next time we'll go to the Fairmont, or a small, more friendly property such as the Bienville House. This wasn't a good experience.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Oasis amidst a Paradise My husband and I have been to this charming hotel three times now. Our most recent trip having been earlier this month, November 2003.For us, the Soniat House has the perfect location. We enjoy the Faubourg Marigny Section with the electic shops and clubs, yet we're still nicely immersed in the excitement - and relative safety - of the Quarter. We get a tremendous amount of use out of the lovely courtyard, we prefer the quiet courtyard across the street from the front desk because this courtyard is insulated from the activities of the other guests coming and going.The rooms are very nicely appointed, and the bathtubs in the larger rooms are very inviting. There are plenty of very nice touches. Our room was very clean and the help was very friendly and polite.What I would like to see changed: The front desk is not appropriately staffed. Many times my husband and I had to wait, to check in, get information, etc. For a hotel that touts itself on having so much help per guest, the front desk fails miserably here, depending on the time of day. Even when finally getting to the front desk, the phone would ring off the hook and so we would have to wait further because usually only one associate was stationed at the desk.We have now stayed here three times, the third time even bringing friends who stayed at the hotel as well. The two times we inquired about an upgrade, the hotel was apparently booked. I'm a little suspicious about that response. I understand that the summer is entirely different, and that there are rooms aplenty due to the suffering heat, but I suspect the hotel refused us an upgrade to reserve the room in case another guest came along at the last moment to ask for one of the rooms. Meanwhile we had booked seven months in advance.The first time we stayed at Soniat House, we had the breakfast and we thought it was good, but not worth the extra money. In fact, we found this extra cost a bit insulting given the amount of money the rooms cost. We've been there three times, and I had no idea that the coffee was available and free, until I read one of the postings. So, the hotel may want to be a little more inviting to their guests.Overall, we do love this place. It is beautiful, and as I mentioned the courtyard, the rooms, and location are all great. We would just like to see some effort made towards return guests, better staffing at the front desk and perhaps make the biscuits and coffee complimentary. I'm sure the owners, Frances and Rodney Smith, might then see their hotel among the great hotels in Relais and Chatauex annual book.We visit New Orleans annually and plan on trying a different place. We had considered the Windsor Court, but one posting pointed out that one doesn't feel like one's in New Orleans. At Soniat House, one does. Still, unless there are some changes, we may check out a few other places. Places to consider: Windsor Court (I know it's not NO, but it is nice), House on Bayou Road (we checked this place out and it's great) and Claiborne Mansion.For pampering try Earthsavers (Chartres) or Belladonna (Magazine Street, take the bus). A great club is the Spotted Cat in the Faubourg Marigny section, check out this section as well, as it really feels like NO.I'm so in love with this city, I could write a book on it. Enjoy your stay!!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Soniat's is where it's at! A wonderful experience. The people at the Soniat make you feel so at home. The concierges (all of them) are knowledgeable and helpful. We felt rich even though we are not.Great location, as well, withing walking distance of the riverfront, Jackson square and the French Market.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! This hotel was worth the high pricetag. I felt like I was visiting an old friend's New Orleans city retreat. The service was polite, friendly, and as engaged or as hands-off as we wanted. When we asked, we got great advice on things to do that we would not have tried otherwise, and the concierge was friendly and welcoming. The rooms were quiet. We tried two rooms (at the beginning and end of our trip to the region), both on the low end for the hotel, and though one was smaller than the other and neither was huge, we did not feel claustrophobic or badly placed. Be warned though, lighting is romantic, though the bathrooms were well-lit. We opted not to sample breakfast, but did enjoy sitting in the courtyard for drinks at night. Location on Chartres Street could not be beat--far enough away to be tranquill but close enough to everything to walk up and back to dinner in the Quarter. This is not a hotel for those who want something modern or who are going to miss an in-room fax machine. This is a hotel for those who will appreciate romance, old world charm and great personal service.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old world charm and elegance   showReview(1273878, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad, but wouldn't stay again   showReview(1271347, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed   showReview(1231218, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tomgyakima
<Content>Excellent lodging choice   showReview(1135122, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>callmelordjim
<Content>Etoufee Soniat   showReview(1134905, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I want to haunt this place when I die   showReview(1121638, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service at a steep price   showReview(833741, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Picture-perfect elegance   showReview(827948, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mollyschmolly
<Content>Ahhhhh.......Nothing Better in NOLA   showReview(813278, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The most perfect place in New Orleans   showReview(355666, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

