<Author>Art_travel50
<Content>Luxury hotel but only for sound sleepers (poor sound-proofing) Hotel is full of contradictions as far as having some excellent features such as top-notch furnishings and very helpful and knowledgeable concierge, yet having some serious downsides - including just about the worst sound-proofing this frequent traveler has ever encountered. Doorways opening and closing, the hotel elevator (at some distance from my room), and adjacent room's guest making his selection from his closet (you could hear hangers sliding across the bar) were all plainly audible. At first I thought the hallway revelry was due to some particularly unruly guests, and then realized that poor soundproofing was at the heart of the problem as merely closing a door somewhere down the hall sounded like slamming. Another strange contradiction - the bedding is obviously very high-end, but relatively hard (i.e. it's a futon) so it's great for those who think firm beds are better and a tough go if you like soft beds. A major plus - the location could not be better. Within easy walking distance of outstanding shopping and dining, it is ideal for those who like to be able to enjoy city amenities on foot rather than always having to drive. If you are a very sound sleeper I'd say this hotel is a great choice, but if you favor a quiet rest I would recommend against it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Surfacing1982
<Content>Stinky and worn out..       Bed  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>jsr914
<Content>Good location and excellent service. Not perfect, however... I booked the Sofitel for a one-night stay on a mid-week business trip to Los Angeles. The hotel is nicely situated directly across from the Beverly Center, one of LA's best shopping malls. Good food and sightseeing options are right outside the door, which is rare for LA.The hotel is modern and hip with very well kept grounds and an impressive entry area. The rooms are also modern in appearance with flat panel TVs and sharp, clean decor.I found the service to be superior, from the reception to the valet parking attendants. No issues at check-in. check-out or anywhere in between.Consistent with earlier reviews, the room I was given was very small for the States. If I was with my wife, we would have been cramped. But, for one, the size was fine. I also found the room to be otherwise spotless and comfortable, with a good view of the busy LA street scene below. The bed was comfortable and I slept well.So, in all, I would recommend the Sofitel for travelers to LA or those on business. It is well located and can be a good value, especially if you shop around on discount internet websites.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Paulofsf
<Content>Acceptable The Sofitel is probably hit or miss, and for me, it was a miss.The hotel looks nice and it is furnished in a way you would expect from a 4-star place. The service was very friendly, and we had a decent time overall. However, we had a few problems--each minor, but collectively annoying--during our stay:1) We arrived to find stains on our sheets and no soap in the bathroom. And because we had arrived late, we had to change the sheets ourselves.2) The walls between us and our neighbors were surprisingly thin. At one point we could hear the local newscast on the TV next door as if it were showing in our room.3) This was the kicker--it happened to rain on our last night there, and all the water off the roof drained right onto a metal windowsill outside our window. Needless to say, we slept very poorly, even after housekeeping gave us some earplugs. If it rains, DO NOT STAY ON THE 4TH FLOOR.Interestingly, when I complained to the front desk, she said many of the guests had made similar complaints, and that the hotel management was pushing for a renovation. I won't be staying again until they do.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	5	4	4	

<Author>footnotesetc
<Content>Needs Work This is the third Sofitel property my husband and I stayed at; the other two were in Europe. We were fairly happy with the previous bookings and so we decided to try Sofitel Los Angeles. Details were awry at this hotel鈥揵ath mirror placed too far to be useful, dust on the furniture, a toilet that splashed when flushed, one robe provided instead of two, knocking on the door and waking us early in the morning to deliver the newspaper, instead of just leaving it so we may sleep undisturbed.With the exception of the person who woke us up with the newspaper, the staff was generally nice and helpful鈥搕hough more training would not hurt.We probably would not recommend this Sofitel property.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>jonontherun
<Content>Spacious rooms and good central location       Bedroom with Juliet balcony  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Jesuisunfamilyman
<Content>Can I please move to LA.... I love California....be it on business or pleasure it's so much more pleasurable doing anything when it's sunny.Anyway, this hotel....fantastic.About 25 mins from the airport, check in was smooth and really pleased with the bedroom. Comfy bed, fantastic bathroom and everything that I needed (except somebody to actually come to my room to iron my shirts!!)The breakfast was ample, location was good for us and right opposite a shopping mall to buy the kids presents!The staff were really courteous and made you feel welcome.The only downside is the bar in the evening....I'm about 20 years (and a few stone) too heavy to feel part of the beautiful crowd!! Great for people watchingStay there....you won't be disappointed  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sdht
<Content>Loved it       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Reisefuedli
<Content>Oustanding Service, Great Product, totally renovated, Superb Location Stayed at the Sofitel Los Angeles in October. The staff was outstanding. All were extremely attentive, courteous and friendly. I was totally impressed, such service I usually only expect from Four Seasons or Peninsula brands. The restaurants are great, all new. The room is very spacious and comfortable. Loved the Sofitel My Bed. Location is great, just on La Cienaga and Beverly, by the Bevery Center Mall. Unfortunately did not see the Pool on the roof, hear it is great though. Would stay again immediately.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigpoppaprof
<Content>nice looking hotel but... This is a beautiful looking hotel but there certainly are problems.The rooms are small. Real small. Typical for Europe but definitely below expectations for North America. I've even been in several NY hotels with bigger rooms.Having said that, they have done a beautiful job renovating the rooms.Noise. Oh my lord. We faced Beverly Blvd. We might as well have slept on Beverly Blvd. The noise from the street and the vibrant hotel bar was certainly too loud. And I'm deaf in 1 ear. I usually never have a problem with outside noise.The hotel staff were very pleasant. The hotel is very clean. The renovations are nice and modern.Overall, it's ok but I doubt I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>tessajane
<Content>Fantastic hotel - can't fault it Well, we got this for $156 on Hotwire - what a bargain. Had a deluxe room and it certainly was deluxe. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in, with the lightest down duvet you can imagine. The bathroom was absolutely fantastic, with a window so you could see the TV, plus volume controls so you could hear it! The shower was wonderful - complete with seat. Complimentary toiletries of great quality. Bathrobes, slippers and complimentary water.So good that we booked for second night - this time $149, but only for standard room. However, hotel staff wonderful and quite happy to upgrade us free of charge.Lovely breakfast - not too pricey. Three free computers and a printer - so rarely needed to wait to use.Excellent location. Can't fault anything! Hope to return someday.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chigal82
<Content>A touch of luxury at a great price I recently stayed at the Sofitel in Los Angeles and was very happy with the entire stay. They were running a special (2 nights for the price of 3) which put a hotel like this in my price range (approx $250 a night). I was impressed that the gentlemen that met me at the front door actually walked me to the reception area, got me checked in, got me acclimated to the hotel  it's ameneties and escorted me to the elevator. I also appreciated his asking if I needed assistance to the room (which I didn't). I didn't really deal much w/ the rest of the staff, with the exception of valet, and they were always prompt  courteous in retrieving my car. The daily fee is a bit steep ($30), but we were in Beverly Hills. The room was very comfortable and stylish. My room faced the Beverly Center on Beverly Blvd, so there was a a little traffic noise, but being from a city, I didn't find it too distracting. Very comfortable bed and a really nice, large bathroom. The shower is one of those rain showers - I am not a fan, but that is just personal taste. The towels were fantastic, fluffy and plentiful. The location is great if you are a shopper. Right across from the Beverly Center and close to Robertson Blvd, 3rd street and the Grove. This will be one of the first places I look at when booking my next trip to LA and if the price is right, I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>StevensonLondon
<Content>super cool sofitel la .. This is one of the coolest Sofitels I have stayed in around the world.Has been completely renovated - so is super funky .. but without loosing any comfort or service.Fantastic staff, amazing service, from the moment we arrived - very efficient valet service, amazing reception all very black with candles everywhere, really cool restaurant and bar .. Rooms have a real European paris feeling, but still really cool, lovely big beds ours overlooking the Holywood sign.Amazing spa and gym - the spa is fabulous. really lovely outdoor pool area.the thing that made this hotel was the staff .. everyone is so friendly and the bar was definately a highlight.would highly recommend to anyone who wants a luxury central hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScotlandRach
<Content>Perfect location for comfort and getting around I recently stayed here after reading the reviews on this site. I have to say i wasn't disappointed! the location was great!! as we were not driving we wanted a good base and we couldn't have asked for more. We walked to Rodeo Drive and even Hollywood (although this is a bit of a walk). We could also walk down past the Beverly Centre to the next main avenue and get buses to all location, we managed to go to Santa Monica and downtown by bus for example. When we first arrived we were given a room facing the Beverly Centre however after reading the reviews here we quickly asked for a view of the Hills and were given one immediately which was fantastic, could even see the Hollywood sign.Would definitely recommend this hotel, great base. Sunset strip was only a short taxi fare for evening entertainment. We got about a good bit by foot and public transport (although this does need improvement) and i would certainly stay here again!!Oh.. and the bed was the most comfortable i have ever slept in!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Alanwexford
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good central location       bedroom  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	3	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>davevt98
<Content>Fantastic hotel - One of the nicest I got a great rate from Hotwire from this hotel and was extremely pleasantly surprised. The hotel is owned by a french company (Sofitel) so the entire hotel had an European feel. The gym was one of the nicest hotel gyms that I have seen as it had brand new equipment, free evian water and nice eucalyptus towels. The pool was very small and was salt water but it was nice enough. Not much of a pool scene but the other benefits of the hotel outweighed this small problem. The rooms were a little on the small side but nice. The restaurant was fantastic and the bar was very lively. We did manage to see a celebrity sighting going in to the bar. All in all, this is a great hotel and would return in a second.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Juliette22
<Content>Great hotel if your room is facing the right way. My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel on Saturday night. We checked in at 3pm and found the room very comfortable. We stayed in the room until 7pm when we went out for a party. When we got back there was a HUGE private party in the hotel bar/restaurant. It took us awhile to drive up to the hotel door as paparazzi and limo's were blocking our way for a bit. When we finally got to our room on the 8th floor, it was like we were AT the party. The noise was unbelievable and was going to be that loud until 1:30 we were told. The hotel staff were fairly helpful and changed our room, however the first room they switched us to had the same problem, since we were still facing the street. I think the noise was bouncing off the Shopping Center's walls across the street... Finally, they switched us again to a room facing the hills, and we couldn't hear a thing and had a peaceful night. I would say the staff did alright - they were friendly and accommodating, but should have guessed we needed a room on the opposite side of the street the first time round. I would recommend asking for a room on the 'hill' side if you are staying at the hotel on a weekend.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>HolidayHoliday86
<Content>Excellent Service and rooms Outstanding property!Great service, fantastic staff. The drive way is staffed by about 10 people waiting to welcome you back and assist with bags which was great. Everytime they gave us a personal greeting back to the hotelThe rooms are very clean, large, and the beds are heavily. In room movies are up to date and not too expensiveRoom was cleaned to the highest standard.Pool is small but nice, gym is well equiped. One down side -they have 2 computers with free internet but do not extend this out to free wireless- when you are paying so much for a room free wi fi should be standard!Other than that its excellent.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AlanSusan
<Content>Good Stay at Sofitel We spent three days before a cruise at this hotel and three days after the cruise at the hotel.The first three days were spent in a rear double room with views of the Hollywood hills and the second spell was in a front double room with views of the Beverly Centre. The second room was noticibly larger.We did not notice any real traffic noise from ther front room.The service and quality was excellent on both stays and up to the usual Sofitel standard.The location is good for a large city like Los angeles and most things are only a short cab ride away.Would not hesitate to reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JMTBritishColumbia
<Content>A great L.A. experience I just got back from the Sofitel where I had a girlfriend weekend getaway. It was a great experience. We stayed in a suite and were on the penthouse floor. The only complaint was the sound of sirens that occasionally went by enroute to Cedars Sinai hospital which was a block away from the hotel. The staff were all very courteous with the exception of one concierge who seemed to be a gal with a poor attitude and work ethic. The other concierge staff were amazing getting us a reservation at Madeo restaurant with only a couple hours notice. The dining at the hotel was pretty decent food and the breakfast fare was quite reasonably priced as well. The room was very clean and always replenished with complimentary Evian bottles of water. The pool was a great little spot with TV's in some of the cabanas and music playing. Room service would also come and bring you drinks and food if requested at the pool. The location of the hotel was fabulous. It is directly across the street from a pretty standard mall. It was within walking distance to some really fine dining - Madeo, The Jar, The Ivy. It is very close to walk to the Farmer's Market, CBS Studios and The Grove outdoor shopping center (great spot). It is a short 3 block walk to Robertson Boulevard which has some fabulous shopping. Melrose Avenue is a hike but we walked to it (disappointing as it is really rundown and the type of shopping where you have to really be in the mood to find what you are looking for).We didn't really frequent the Stone Rose Lounge except for a pre-dinner drink but it seemed to have a really great vibe.My friend and I have decided that we will definitely be back to L.A. for our girl's weekend and enjoyed it better than our last Vegas trip at the Bellagio. We will definitely be back to the Sofitel on our next trip.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>carmcd
<Content>Great location, stylish hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in August (without the kids) Our dbl room was very stylish and spacious but we decided to treat ourselves to a suite. For the views alone it was well worth it. The hotel is directly accross the street from the beverly centre, great for shopping. We did not hire a car and found it very easy to get around LA, taxis are not expensive.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Avant_Traveller
<Content>Pay attention to the details Hotel has very modern and comfortable decor. The valet parking is a little steep at $30/day, which they don't seem to disclose anywhere on their site. There's plenty of street parking available. Most of the rooms are average size, but request the larger rooms at the end of the hallway on each floor. The hotel offers very few rooms with double bedding, so don't expect to change bedding unless you've pre-reserved the room. Each room is equipped with a flat screen, fluffy down blanket and the basic necessities. A complimentary mini bottle of Evian is replenshished daily. Internet access is available through T-Mobile hotspots for a daily fee of $10.All hotel staff is very courteous and attentive especially concierge and bellman. We showed up for our dinner reservation that the concierge helped us with and apparently they booked it for the wrong day. So just make sure you re-confirm everything with concierge. Make sure you check your folio upon check out. I pre-paid for the room, but was billed the full room charges again upon check out.Located in a great area, with lots of good eats around. Extremely easy access to Beverly Center, Melrose and Robertson for all those shoppers.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>joanne777
<Content>Sofitel won me over!! We stayed here for two nights and absolutely loved it. First time at a Sofitel. The room was immaculate very modern the beds divine. The concierge was so helpful with every little thing we asked.The Beverly hills mall with Bloomies and Macys right across the street, CVS, Marshalls Old Navy and Starbucks also across the street. Within walking distance of Robertson. We did not eat at Simons but heard it was excellent. Great neighbourhood in the area for walking. Will definitely stay at Sofitel next chance I get.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paulacats
<Content>Just returned Just returned after a 6 day trip .Chose this hotel as i have stayed in a few of the sofitels , and found them great .This was ... well ok. Clean hotel , small rooms , helpful reception staff , but concierge made 3 mistakes in requests we made , and one was pretty major , and spoilt our last nite.And location is not great .Apart from a shopping mall across from hotel , theres nothing else within walking distance.Probably would not stay again .  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	3	5	

<Author>ladybug1802
<Content>Great hotel! I stayed at the Sofitel for 2 nights and it was one of the best hotel of my month long stay in the USA. Stunning modern lobby (although the several doormen 'welcoming' you back to the hotel each time you enter is a little annoying!). There are 3 computers to the side of the reception desk offering free internet access. I didnt dine at the restaurant as looked a little expensive but it looked extremely nice and the adjoining bar loks very funky! I recommend a restaurant called the Grand Lux Cafe just down the road from the hotel - delicious burgers!The room was stunning with really comfortable beds and large bathroom. The only down side was the size of the pool and surrounding area - very small although the space is put to great use with lots of plants and a few lovely secluded seating booths with tvs in. You are not aware of the busy road below. The rooms have fluffy bathrobes and slippers which are handy for the walk down to the pool.Another down side was the concierge who was rather snotty and not very friendly. The staff at reception however were very friendly.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Shakers_7
<Content>Central location and great service My family and I booked two rooms at the Sofitel this September and reading a few of the somewhat negative reviews below, I wonder if we are talking about the same hotel. First of all, the hotel staff was gracious enough to give us adjacent rooms and not just rooms on the same floor. The rooms were very spacious, spotless clean, and equipped with all the amenities you could ask for. The bathroom was equally spacious and the supplies replenished without the need to ask. The service from the reception desk and the concierge are exceptional. To give you a few examples: My husband had paid for a laptop at one of the stores but did not have the time to go pick it up; they did it for us and had it delivered to our room. I had seen a video camera that I liked at the same shop but did not remember the exact model. The concierge took the time to search the website of the store I was talking about, scanned all the models until I recognized the one I had liked, and sent out and got it for me. It was again delivered to the room on the same day. This came at a price, but with the short period of time we had at LA, every second counted. At one point, when we came down late one morning, and my elderly mother discovered that the coffee stand at the lobby was shut down, the front desk manager took the time to prepare her a cup in person and bring it over to her while we were waiting for a tour pick up.Everytime we entered the hotel, the staff greeted us with a smile, asking if we were having a good time and if there was anything they could do to make our stay more enjoyable. Also, we had stayed at the Renaissance for a couple of days before that, and while the location was exceptional and the view of the hills and the Hollywood sign an unexpected bonus, the staff there was snobbish and extremely unfriendly. The staff courteous, friendly and efficient attitude at the Sofitel was like a breeze of fresh air.The location was also superb with lots of restaurants, shopping areas, and sights within walking distance. I had such agood time there, that I was really sorry we had only booked a couple of nights and had to leave to San Diego. On a next visit to LA, this is where I will stay and this is the hotel I will be recommending to friends. It is a shame that the Renaissance staff is such a turn off - the hotel's location next to the Hollywood Highland and the view of the hills would have been a great sell.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellabe
<Content>average average hotel. A lot of noise from the street.small pool side.friendly stuff. great for bussiness purposeB  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>TraeV
<Content>Better than expected After seeing some of the reviews, I immediately requested a room facing the Hollywood Hills. The room was beautiful (6th floor), and you could see the Hollywood sign. We had a superior room, which I didn't feel was very small- then again, we're from NYC and used to apartments. It was very comfortable and quiet, with a great bathroom. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. We actually didn't valet, and found street parking, which was a little stressful, but saved us $100. Be very careful of the street signs. We were moving the car at 8AM each morning, which was fine, still being on East Coast time. The pool area was nice, but smaller than the pictures. Overall, a very nice stay.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aunteen
<Content>Noisy hotel, lack of service My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. The room we booked was a King Superior with some hills view. The room we were gives was a King room on the 8th floor but directly on Beverly Boulevard, with a view of the shopping center. We got into the elevators and noticed they were not very clean, this continued throughout our stay, as did trash that was not picked up the entire stay. Hallway carpets were dirty and stained. The room was small but clean, but very noisy. We could hear the traffic on Beverly and the people in the room next to us, especially when you were in the bathroom. We had to keep the bathroom door closed at night to keep the noise out. The bed was the worst I have ever slept in. It was lumpy and uneven from the mattress cover, there was no headboard only a 4 gap between the bed and the wall where they had placed electrical strips. The down comforter was so heavy and hot you couldn't sleep under it, and there was no top sheet on the bed, so it was cover or nothing. Noisy A/C too.Next morning I asked the receiption to please have housekeeping remove the comforter and put a top sheet and blanket on the bed. This was at 9:00 am. I asked again at 1:00 pm and 5:00 pm. Finally after my third call housekeeping brought me a sheet and blanket.This to me is no 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>ElenaAP
<Content>Gorgeous hotel. Wonderful stay.       The room as you see it walking in. Note the french doors.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sheryll
<Content>2nd Time at this hotel, very centrally located Our second stay at this hotel (our last one being in 2006 when the hotel was undergoing some serious renovations) and we were keen to see how the hotel had been upgraded.  As Sofitel Members we should be upgraded but unfortunately at check in there were no upgrades available, they were going to check and hopefully move us the next day. Only received one complimentary drink voucher (normally receive two) and when brought this to their attention a second was delivered. Our room was very small but with a great view over the Hollywood Hills and the Hollywood sign, but very very small. My husband went back down and complained and we were moved to a room at the front of the hotel overlooking the Beverly Centre shopping centre, not as good a view but certainly a much bigger room. The Sofitel never disappoints and the service is consistent with other Sofitel hotels we have stayed in around the world. The beds were extremely comfortable and all facilities in the bathroom including robes and slippers were of the normal Sofitel Standard. Again free internet and complimentary water were given. The Stone Bar (Cindy Crawfords husband designed it) was a happening place at night, a bit too noisy for us late in the night but a great place to have a drink before heading out at night, try and get one of the little booths outside and if not then a table outside. Check out the outside fire place with the dry ice - incredible at nightThe breakfasts were reasonably priced for Hotel standard and of a good standard, we had exceptional service the first day but the second day we had to chase up our meal twice, not good, however, the Restaurant Manager apologised and this meal was given to us complimentary, so couldn't complain. The concierge staff were very good,in particular arranging a Mustang Convertible car for us for one day with very short notice and the staff were always pleasant and very helpful.This is a good central hotel for visitors as the public transport system (if you need it) is accessible out the front, the Farmers Markets and Grove Shopping Centre are about a $8.00 - $10.00 cab trip down the road, or a bus trip and you can also get a bus to Santa Monica from outside in the Street ( you need to change buses). The renovations have been completed to a modern contemporary standard and we would stay at this hotel again. Lots of good restaurants around including the newly opened Gordon Ramsay The London In West Hollywood, again about $8.00 cab fare from the hotel.. We had dinner there (about two months after it opened) and the food was excellent, very small portion sizes so if you have the al carte you might want to order four or five courses. The Service could have been better and overall the restaurant was not up to the standard of his New York one, but it was a dining experience, a little more laid back style - but no Candy Trolley - which was exceptional in the New york Resturant Not far from the Hotel is The Ivy restaurant and the Concierge staff can normally get you a reservation, whilst we did not eat there on this trip (2006 was enough as the food was fine but the service not great and their attitude was poor and quite agressive if you felt the service didnt warrant a huge tip) if you want to see the Paparazzi in action this is the street to be in,. We drove by one night and both sides of the Street was Pap heaven, there were people and flash lights everywhere. Overall would recommend this hotel due to location and standard Sofitel exceptional service.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Illinois4321
<Content>Great hotel, terrible room The hotel itself was nice. The staff were all wonderful. They were very nice and helpful. Always saying hi, opening doors for you, making good recommendations for restaurants, ect. The facilities were nice too. Everything was clean, nothing was falling apart, no complaints there. The massage I had at the spa was great. The spa itself was great, the fitness room was great, the restaurant was great, the room was great...except for the noise.That's what made it get 2 stars. I was on the fifth floor facing Beverly Blvd and it was like being in the middle of New York city! It is near the hospital, and it's a busy road, so that explains it. There was no noise from other guests, just the road but that's enough to keep you up at night. If you're lucky, maybe you can be moved to another room. But for the purpose of this review, it is about the room I was in. And there's a lot of other rooms that would have the same problem.As some advice, if you stay here, make sure you don't have a view of Beverly Dr. Don't drink the 5$ still water in the minibar, there's free water at the gym. There's free internet at the gym, so depending on your purpose for using the internet you can avoid the WiFi fee. If you even move the drinks in the minibar (like if you were using it as a fridge for leftover food) they will charge you for it even if you don't open the bottles, so be prepared to tell that to the checkout people.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>We_the_Jetsetters
<Content>Fresh, funky and contemporary hotel We stayed here for 7 days overall and found it to be a pleasant hotel. It's very busy with a funky contemporary feel. The staff were mostly friendly, although some on the door were bordering on snooty. It's obviously becoming one of the places to be seen in LA, both in the hotel and the bar. We often saw a group of bodyguards escorting someone famous around the hotel.The room although slightly small was comfortable and the shower was a fantastic overhead rain type.The food was very tasty and priced as you would expect at a fine restaurant. Personally I would have liked a buffet type option at breakfast but that鈥檚 a minor gripe as the menu catered for all tastes. Waiters and greeters in the restaurant were the most friendly staff in the hotel.Valet parking only, which although I can understand that they need to do this to compete with the best I would have liked a self parking facility also.Would stay again, but would prefer to try elsewhere first.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>PaulaSparks
<Content>The beds were incredibly comfortable The hotel itself was beautiful and every inch was immaculate. I was out on a frenetic tour with a band and I always have difficulty getting any rest under those circumstances, but the beds were unbelievably comfortable! I slept like a baby and I got the same comments from just about everyone in the entourage.  The showers were fantastic and the service was excellent. I highly reccomend this hotel if you are looking to treat yourself or somone else to a special luxurious time.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>aussie_traveller30
<Content>Another amazing Sofitel Love Sofitels, they always get it right. Great rooms, so comfortable and clean, beautiful features. Great staff. The hotels restaurant and bar are full of life and atmosphere. Always feel right at home, the location was fine. Directly over the road from The Beverly Centre and Cedars Sinai. A short stroll down the road to lots of nice restaurants and WeHo clubs. The pool area was nice, disappointingly small pool but it was adequate. (get there early as there aren't many deck chairs)Complimentary internet use in business centre was good. Such helpful staff. Was not impressed when I bokked in at 7pm and my room was not ready, but after expressing my dissatisfaction, had a room available immediately.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>joannetAustralia
<Content>The star treatment in L.A Our stay at The Sofitel was a beautiful, luxurious one! After they had accidentally lost our web booking they made up for it by upgrading our room. The service was great and the hotel itself superb.Our room and bathroom was a good size with a huge shower and a view looking out onto the hollywood hills. The room was modern and stylish! The hotel was also conveniently located, across the road was the Beverley shopping centre with every luxury store you could think of, as well as being walking distance to a few popular streets.The hotel restaurant was fantastic, with lovely decor and great food. There was also a very popular and equally lovely decorated bar/lounge which we enjoyed visiting. For those wanting a day spa experience there was a beautiful day spa located just outside, but affiliated with, the hotel.All in all it was a great stay and one we are sure to recommend to others. The only draw back was the cost for parking and having to tip the valets every time you needed you car, but hey, its LA!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Martin_and_Steggs
<Content>Best bed in the world! We stayed in a deluxe room, with a view of the Hollywood sign. The room was spacious enough for a city hotel, with a very large bathroom. The walk-in shower could easily have accomodated 3 people and what's more, with a flick of a switch you could watch the TV in the bedroom through the window!The best thing about the room by far was the bed! Large and very comfortable due to the feather filled mattress topper, duvet and pillows (all hypo-allergenic so no sneezing!), I have not slept in a nicer bed anywhere.The hotel staff were very attentive and the concierge was excellent. The valet parking always had the car ready in no time at all, and in Formula 1 style, 5 guys would be opening doors for you!The bar was very cool and on certain nights impossible to get into, unless of course you were either the owner of a Lambourghini...or a hotel resident!The location, in West Hollywood, was perfect for seeing the main sights of LA and nowhere was more than a half an hour's drive away.I highly recommend this hotel, especially if you are looking for a little luxury. If you think it is expensive for what you get, then you clearly should be staying in a Travel Inn!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leasha
<Content>Great Location        Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>y808y
<Content>pretty close to perfect I had fallen in love with the Sofitel in Chicago so I was curious to see how the one in L.A. stacked up and once again I was blown away.The management and staff were extremely accomodating and helpful, room service was quick (get Simon's junk food selection with cotton candy and cupcakes and order in a movie one night), the pool was the warmest heated pool I had ever gone swimming in, the architecture and design of the hotel, spa, restaurant and bar was beautiful, and we even had a celebrity spotting--Ice T!The hotel is right across the street from the Beverly Center so we had plenty of choices for shopping and restaurants but it's still quite a walk to Rodeo Drive and other hot spots.And don't let cab drivers scam you from LAX! It should only be $40 and we paid $71! That was the only time I gritted my teeth during our stay but that wasn't the hotel's fault it was our own and the shady cab driver's.A soak in their suite's hot tub though did the trick. If you get a suite, the huge bathroom has a tv by the tub and I took advantage of it every day. Such a wonderful experience, I hope to return soon.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lizrogatz
<Content>Great location, not great room My husband and I spent 4 nights at this hotel. We booked this hotel based on reviews we have read. The location is great for shopping on Robertson - the trendy boutique street, also home of the celeb dining hot spot - Ivy. I was disappointed by the rooms, although the bathrooms were nice. The size of the room was too small. The bed was extremely comfortable, though. It took forever to get our rooms made up each day - at least 3 p.m. before we got daily housekeeping service, which is disapointing.Also disappointing is the distance of the pool and spa from the hotel rooms. It is a LONG walk, no matter what room you are in. We did not try out the bar or restaurant, though the decor was quite appealing.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>MH1London
<Content>Wonderful Bed!       View from hotel room  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>sydneysooz_family
<Content>Great Choice for our young family We stayed 2 nights in a SoFabSuite on a Universal Studios stopover enroute to the UK. We're both 38 and we have an 11 month old and a 3 year old and needed a room large enough to comfortably fit us all without disturbing anyone trying to sleep. The Sofitel LA looked as though it fitted the bill and indeed did.At first we thought we'd been upgraded as the room was so nice (from memory the room was AU$330 per night-ish), large SAFE balcony, two large LCD/Plasma tv's, great bathroom and furnishings etc (you'll see on the website)Our 3yo slept like a princess in the feathery mass that the sofabed became over night. Our 11month old had a PROPER cot/crib (not a travel cot) and his own toiletries, which fitted nicely into a little dark alcove away from the 3 year old. All leaving us with a room (and to DH's joy, a large TV) to ourselves.Concierge (Hector  the Team) had organised our pickups to/from the LAX and Burbank prior to us arriving . Needing 2 carseats for the kids is an issue in California as taxis etc. don't provide them. We didn't want to hire a car and argue directions for 2 days on the wrong side of the road and AirShuttle transfers with 2 kids, associated luggage for a month RTW and stroller wasn't appealing either. They found a Limo service which could provide a babyseat at the least. DH and DD(3) enjoyed the sweets and drinks provided, and we all felt like we were doing the LA experience on the 35 minute ride to the hotel.We ate breakfast twice at SimonLA in the outside courtyard, which offered good choices for us all (inc. the baby) at what seemed like reasonable prices (before taxes, tipping etc). We also had room-service after our day at Universal, which was yummy and a had a child-friendly menu.The only thing against the hotel ais: it's location - there's really nothing other than the Beverley Centre nearby. Even finding cheap evening food choices for a family was difficult. We did eventually find a wonderful Thai cafe with the BEST egg-rolls we've ever had (and in Sydney Thai restaurants are a time a dozen). The Beverley Centre was good for a bit of quick shopping which was all we had time for in a 48h stopover which included Universal Studios.Getting to Universal on public transport was EASY and took less than an hour! We took the 25c bus right outside the hotel to Hollywood/Highland then 1 stop on the redline. The shuttle up the hill came quickly. The 25c bus took us through West Hollywood, up the strip etc so was a good little sightsee!The only other hotels we considered were the Hilton Universal (a Club room) and the Beverley Garland. Overall we feel that staying at Sofitel LA was a better choice for a such a short stay, we really felt like we were in LA!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	2	5	4	5	3	

<Author>AJW34
<Content>Great service but not worth the price I stayed in a one bedroom suite a few weeks ago (May 2008). The service in the hotel is impeccable, they do try very hard to make you feel as if you are in a 5 star hotel. The suites, however, are not worth the exhorbitant price. Noise is a problem if you're sensitive to it. My first room was very pretty (with a deep tub), but there was a persistent (24 hours a day) humming noise rising from the fans at the restaurant below. I was moved to another suite without the tub, and for the same price, but no fan noise. The busses start roaring up La Cienega at about 6am, so I was not at my best for meetings all day. En suite dining is limited but pretty well prepared (nouvelle, not a lot on the plate, but well cooked.). There are better hotels for this price.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Nitra315
<Content>Overrated for the price The Sofitel Los Angeles is a nice hotel. The service staff are friendly and efficient and the hotel and rooms are very clean. In my opinion, the double-bed room was surprisingly small. I guess for the price per night, I expected it to be bigger. I am a Sofitel rewards member; however, they neglected to provide me with the membership benefits even though my rewards status was clearly provided on the reservation. The bedroom windows open out to a main street and the Beverly Center is directly across the street, so great shopping is close. I didn't like the fact that the window looks like it has a balcony, but it doesn't, and one misstep could land you on your face in the street below. There's a Rande Gerber bar/lounge in the lobby that is frequented by the young and beautiful Los Angelenos. If you stay at the hotel you cross the velvet rope hassle-free. They also have a really nice restaurant with an outdoor patio which is perfect for brunch. Overall, the hotel was nice. Definitely not the best hotel I've stayed in, but certainly not the worst - just pricey. If it had cost less, my review would be more positive.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>DCRatcliff
<Content>Great value A great location I think that the comments about noise are unfair but would advise that you ask them at check in. The bed was incredibly comfy, the room OK.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>EMMA1005
<Content>Great place to stay in a great country loved it :) The Sofitel Los Angeles was great.The location was perfect right opposite The Beverly Centre for all your shopping needs under one roof. The hotel is very clean and tidy and all the staff were there to help you in any way possible. The rooms were always kept clean and there was never a shortage of towels. I must say i have never slept as well as i did in their beds they were to die for!!! The Valet car parking service was really good as you only had to make one call and the car was parked outside ready to go on a short journey to Santa Monica and Malibu. Overall it was fantastic and couldn't fault it at all well done to everyone who made my stay fantastic  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Simon165
<Content>Welcome Luxury A very professional service extended throughout the hotel. We arrived late after a delayed flight and it was a relief to check into such a luxurious room with delightfully comfy beds!Breakfast was superb with the waiter actually amending the order for a cheaper option - whilst I still received what I had ordered!The concierge was very helpful and nothing was too much trouble when it came to getting directions and just locating certain shops.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>f2s
<Content>Good but not great ! The screened off drinks terrace gives the exterior a bit of an unfinished look.Thats the front wall.Our room on the back had the hills view and that Hollwood sign in the distance,and the unfortunate school yard below.To compensate the noise double glazing should be in place of the strange opening french doors windows.The staff are good,but an upgrade was denied against my expensive Accor Favorite Guest loyalty card.Thats OK,except that the two of us and four bags and a room service trolley were more than our little triangular room space could hold.The shower was large but we chose not to eat in there.Exceptionally good air condition unit.LED bed lights,and some other toys,but where's the space and quiet?The bar and restaurant are fab designs,the locals know how to party,dont go looking for any quiet corners here.You pay for the style too.I did not see any good near by restaurants , I should have asked the friendly concierge.The fastest check out in the West.I would stay in another district , if I return .  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hotgravy
<Content>A Modern Gem in L.A.! I just attended a work meeting at the Sofitel in L.A. Let me start by saying that I live in L.A. all my life (37 years) and have seen many hotel both in L.A. and around the country. The Sofitel is a very modern, upscale hotel since the remodel. Everything from the lobby accents to the rooms are polished to a high sheen. Check in was easy as was check out. We used several meeting rooms while there and the catering service was outstanding. Food was top notch and the service always came with a smile. Actually, that theme spread throughout the hotel. I have to say I was not expecting a hotel in this area to have such a friendly, outgoing staff. Everyone who worked there greeted me as I walked by. They really made you feel welcome. We had over 50 people in town for our meetings from around the country and those I spoke to gave grand reviews. I think the location is very good. You have the Beverly Center just South for shopping and a lot of food and entertainment within walking distance. You're close enough to the Sunset Strip to jump a short cab ride to get there but far enough to stay away from it if you don't want to be right in the thick of Hollywood.It's L.A. so things are a little pricey but you do get the best. Room service was delicious. The bar/lounge is very cool. Wed night is the big night at the Stone Rose lounge. It gets BEYOND packed.The only note I would make if I returned would be to get a room on the South side of the hotel. There is a school as other reviewers have mentioned. It's located on the North side of the hotel where my room was. I had to be up early for meetings anyway but the noise from the school on weekday mornings could be an issue for anyone who wished to sleep in.A fantastic place with great customer service!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozdrum
<Content>A great choice for limited shopping time We picked this hotel due to its location opposite the Beverly Centre after completing our travels and allowing for limited shopping time in LA before the trip home. The staff could not do enough for us despite only staying one evening and needing plenty of support regarding late checkout, baggage hold, etc. Our room was every bit as good as it looked on the web. Will definitely stay here next time. All staff were friendly and polite. The inhouse restaurant serves an awesome breakfast with many healthy and innovative choices at very reasonable prices and either indoor or outdoor dining options. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LALitLover
<Content>Don't stay here I know this hotel has a great reputation - and the service was top notch and very professional, but this property is not that good. The biggest problem is the location - right next to a major hospital so that you'll be up all night with the sound of sirens on the street below. Maybe there are quieter rooms in the hotel? Also, the rooms are really small-ish and the beds not very comfortable. This place can be a bargain - especially since it is outside of Beverly Hills - but you get what you pay for. Would not recommend.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Wismergirl
<Content>A wonderful stay at Sofitel Los Angeles       spacious walk-in closet with safe, bath robe and slippers  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>traveldudey
<Content>Fun, Stylish Hotel I have stayed at this hotel a few times while traveling on business to LA, most recently in Jan. 2008. I very much enjoyed my stays at the Softel LA and would welcome the opportunity to return. The rooms are stylishly decorated, the beds are as comfortable as they come, and the flatscreen TVs are a nice touch. The bathrooms are very modern and have large rainfall showers. The gym is well equiped compared to most hotel gyms. The staff was consistenly friendly and helpful. I had only good experiences at the restaurant and bar. The hotel is centrally located and convenient to the Beverly Center (right across the street), West Hollywood (a short walk or cab ride), Beverly Hills, and Hollywood, as well as many other parts of LA that tourists might find interesting.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Woodstock210
<Content>Noisy and Dark I'd read all the great reviews on Tripadvisor before we went to the Los Angeles Sofitel in March this year and was excited about our visit, but found the reality didn't quite live up to its billing. It is a nice hotel, but the rooms on the mall side of the building are loud (no noise glass, french doors that didn't even close all the way) , small and not very special. The lobby is very dark and pretentious. The surrounding immediate area offers nothing except a mall, nothing of interest or charm is walkable from the hotel (I know it is LA, but still...). Though expensive, the restaurant does do a delicious breakfast. The concierge gave excellent directions and was very helpful in general. It wasn't a bad place, but it lacked charm, quiet and distinction. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	-1	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>GlobalTravellerSSV
<Content>Decent hotel, good service I only had a short stay in LA for business and decided to stay at the Sofitel as l had never stayed at this hotel previously. It is located directly across the road from Beverly Shopping Centre so it is definately a convenient location for some shopping. l believe there are other hotels in better locations(ie Santa Monica) with better views(the view from my room was basically the shopping centre). I stayed in an executive suite and the room was decent. It was slightly smaller than l expected..the suite photos shown on the internet show a larger lounge room however my lounge area was quite small. The balcony was overlooking the street and the Beverly Centre. The bedroom was large, clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. The bathrooms were decent sized with a tv above the bath - very nice. The room service was very prompt and the food was delicious. The staff are very professional and very eager to please - great service!I would not stay at this hotel again as l prefer to try new hotels in different locations however l would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Joe24
<Content>I'll be back!! We were overbooked by the Hyatt Regency Plaza and they put us in the Sofitel. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise as the Sofitel was perfect for our 1st trip to LA. The location couldnt be better as all the best West Hollywood shops were within a few minutes walk.... Melrose, Sunset and Hollywood Blvd etc. Santa Monica is 10 mins drive and the valet parking was seamless. The room was briliiant. Great bed with all the usual amenities and a superb view of downtown LA. A little strange that there was a window in the bathroom looking out into the sleeping area?? But this is LA right?? The food in the Simon LA restaurant was top class. Try the ahi tuna if you like that sort of thing!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Glomer1163
<Content>Great Service and Family Friendly I was traveling to Los Angeles for business and needed a place to stay with my family the night before a conference. I booked a hotel using hotwire and got the Hotel Sofitel. Upon arriving, I explained to the front desk that I had infant twin sons and that I needed a two cribs. The gentleman manning the desk informed me that the room I had been assigned would not accommodate the cribs, but that he would be happy to change my room. The room was gorgeous and had a large shower and a great view of the hills behind the hotel. The cribs arrived shortly after we made it to our room and came loaded with baby shampoos, lotions and powder. We made use of the valet parking $23 a night, and met some of the nicest valets ever. They even did the best job of loading our five bags and two strollers into the car that I have ever seen. I praised the front desk for the excellent service when I checked out.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SudburyTravelBug
<Content>Could be nicer! This is a very nicely decorated hotel with modern upgrades. It is a half hour walk to Rodeo Drive, and half hour taxi to Hollywood Blvd. It is next to CedarsSinai Hospital.The decor is amazing. The view of the Hollywood hills is mediocre. The shower is good.The bed is definitely four star--very comfortable.They really need to improve on:1. Their doors slam so even at 2am, some idiots will not close their door gently, you can be woken up by them. Considering how much I paid for this hotel, they really should get better hinges.2. The restaurant is good but not super. Everything seems to be full of salt... Not worth spending that kind of money there.3. The pool is no where to be found even though the signs point to it...  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BIGBENITO
<Content>Overly SO-SO Sofitel Overrated and overpriced, the rooms are not extraordinary, but admittedly stylish and well-equipped, dimensions notwithstanding. The art is great, especially in the lobby. On weekend nights it seems to be a hopping place for Hollywood wannabes and other LA types. The morning-after breakfast/brunch scene in the restaurant was a hangover gone bad, with too loud music (DJ brunch? Obnoxious.), pretentious and pricey menu, and staff attitude. With so many hotel choices in this area, this one can be overlooked.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dmarkh
<Content>Goos times at the Sofitel Good staff. Attentive and sorted out a housekeeping oversight quickly and with a free breakfast. It was a bad oversight.Look/Feel. It's modern and refurbished. Like any hotel its worn but overall very nice. The beds are to die for. The shower heads (rain type) all need to be replaced due to shoddy manufacturing. They spray the roof causing bubbling paint and cold water to drip. Ask for the side with the view of the hills.The location is good. Easy to get cabs, away from the noise of the strip, close to the fun places you want to go.The Gerber Bar is cool. Would be fantastic in summer outside. Cody behind the bar is sweet and fun.We were three single guys with friends in LA. We found Sofitel to be just right. New, coolish, close w a good bar. We'll be back.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The Wright Family
<Content>No individual treatment       Bath with TV  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>scduthie
<Content>A great stay for LA shopping! This is a great hotel, right next to the Beverly Centre for shopping, and a few blocks from Melrose Ave (my preferred shopping area). We arrived late, checked-in swiftly and loved our comfy room and great view of the West Hollywood Hills. Has a great bar and outdoor patio area with canopy seating and an open fireplace. Great Sushi place on the same block as hotel that I can't now remember the name. Its on the corner of West 3rd Street and S La Cienega Blvd.Overall a lovely hotel with swift service and great amenities and location.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>anthonyuk
<Content>Absolutely loved this place! Apparently this place has recently undergone a refurb, and it looks great. We got a great internet rate on a basic level room. We requested a view of the Hollywood sign and got that too. From the moment we walked through the lobby, we knew this place would be great. The reception staff were great. And a special thank you to Claudia on the Concierge desk - her recommendations were spot on, could get us bookings at short notice for good restaurants, and was always happy to help us out.The room had a really comfortable bed, and modern appliances. It also had a great bathroom with one of those huge shower roses which had fantastic water pressure. The gym is also the best equipped I've seen at a hotel.A great stay!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kingbear23
<Content>Magnificent! This hotel lived up to all my expectations and exceeded most of them. The room was exquisite and nicely-appointed. The staff were friendly and courteous. Simon LA was wonderful and celebrity chef, Kerry Simon has designed the in-room dining selection.I definitely recommend this hotel for leisure or business.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WLand
<Content>Recommended Excellent hotel. Well-located, friendly staff, nice spa and pool. I did not think the hotel was over-the-top amazing, however. Perfectly nice and reasonably priced. Had a good breakfast at Jerry's Deli.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheilor
<Content>Great stay at the Sofitel!       Comfortable bed  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jojocorazza
<Content>excellent all the way.... the service is top notch at this hotel from the time you walk in the door until you reluctantly leave. the staff - from the bellmen, to the front desk, to the room service waiters, to the spa staff - everyone....was amazing. they were attentive, curteous and friendly all the time. always immediately at your service, and with a smile.the decor is very modern, which was a surprise to me since last time i stayed years ago it was very conservative french decor...now it's ultra modern, which isn't my favorite...but it was tasteful nonetheless.the beds are amazingly comfy...down comforters, down pillows and a feather bed on top of the mattress. flat panel tvs in every room and high end toilettries.the maid service was great, efficient and very neat every night. the gym is really nice, one of the nicest i've ever seen and i always stay in high end hotels. free water in the gym and internet service in the lobby and at the gym...oddly enough...but convenient also to have an alt internet access where nobody would expect it.the concierge was friendly and very well experienced.the spa was amazing too....they offer a foot soak and hot tea while you wait for your treatment and the therapists were excellent. the spa was beautiful and very nicely appointed.there was also fresh rosemary growing outside the spa which was a very nice aroma as you walked by :)the only slight problem i had was w/the valet. they were slightly disorganized...the first morning i left the hotel in a rush to get to work, i waited 15 mins for my keys although i called ahead for my car and it was sitting in front of me because the attendants were much more concerned w/the cars coming into the hotel than the ones leaving. i waited so long i forgot to give them a tip!! i had to insist that they give me my keys which made for a stressful start of my day. other than that, the hotel is excellent. the food is great, from breakfast to dinner and the outside bar has a wonderful fire pit that made the cold nights enjoyable.the seating inside the restaurant was not very comfortable...but not unbearable.all in all, a wonderful stay!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>58sgirl
<Content>My only regret is that I couldn't stay longer... This hotel was perfect from the time I walked in. The staff was sooooo friendly and eager to help. The location is perfect, across the street from the Beverly Center, a 10 minute walk to Robertson for more boutiques, a 10 minute ride to Rodeo Drive. I was travelling alone so I wanted to make sure I stayed some place where I felt comfortable and this was it. Despite it being a hot spot, it was quiet in my room. The room was clean, the bed was heavenly, and I never wanted to get out of the shower. It was cool seeing the Hollywood sign in the hills behind my room too. I'd definitely recommend this hotel and plan on returning for a longer stay.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Badnorwegian
<Content>Best place I have ever stayed, best time I have ever had       View North from room 809  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheConstantGardener
<Content>Glossy Exterior, Incompetent Service The hotel decor is very chic, but what I was looking for was a good night's sleep and decent service. I got neither. I had a room on the 8th floor but could not sleep in the wee hours of the morning because of the music blaring from the disco on the 1st floor. The music was discontinued when I called to complain at 1am, but it begs the question ..is their priority running a hotel or a disco? Repeated slip-ups: a breakfast order put in the night before is lost. Another breakfast order arrives with peanut butter (god knows why) and no butter for the toast. For lunch, the worst ceasar salad and chicken soup I ever ate. An article of clothing lost when my bags were moved from one room to another by a bellman which was never recovered. Do yourself a favor and find a competent but less chic hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KC305
<Content>The ultimate place to stay       Front exterior  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ILoveUpstate
<Content>Super Lovely! Frette towels  linens. Roger  Gallet toiletries. Hollywood Regency, Dorothy Draper style decor. Heaven! My only complaint is the Stone Lounge - the drinks are VERY expensive ($18...) and not very good. I still can't believe they put a margarita in a SMALL wine glass. Also, the Stone Lounge is very loud so don't try to have a business meeting there.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>gad52
<Content>Excellent       Another picture of a room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>turtleholidaycat
<Content>comfy bed!!!!! we had stayed at the Sofitel before its renovations a few years ago and decided to give it another go to see if it had changed.The staff were still very efficient but had become more friendly which was nice. The rooms seemed a little smaller but the bathroom a bit bigger. The rooms were much nicer as before they were a bit cluttered. The shower was enormous with two different shower heads for choice. The bed, i am pleased to say was the same as before. You must believe me it's a bed to die for!!!! Sooooo comfy its unbelievable!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>xenu1
<Content>lovely stay, nice hotel, comfy beds       View from room, can see Hollywood sign!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>wash2tex1
<Content>Great Experience! Everything about this hotel and it's staff was over the top. The front desk staff was helpful and courteous. Our small suite was beautifully done, flat panel in the living area and bedroom and a small television in the bath. A great Bose sound system and although we'd brought our own CDs there were two Sofitel CDs that were very good. Internet service is free and they provide a cord in the desk drawer to connect. The bed was so comfortable we almost didn't want to leave it! Extra thick down/feather pad and four pillows of assorted firmnesses topped off with a wonderful down comforter. Perfect. The shower was another treat, a rainhead ( I think that's what they are named ) and a window that you could see through to the bedroom but also with the flip of a switch became opaque for privacy. Big jetted bathtub as well.If you go be sure to have a drink at the bar downstairs Stone Rose ~ later in the evening it is very busy and lots of fun. The outdoor patio has wonderful couches that give the feeling of privacy. There is also a nice fire pit to sit around.We had a wonderful meal the hotel's restaurant Simon LA, on the patio, but wish we would have paid more attention when ordering the seafood appetizer which was priced pp. making it kind of expensive. But there was plenty of lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams and oysters ~ delicious as were our various entrees, especially the seared tuna.The fitness area is well done with free weights, cardio and weight equipment. The hotel provides headphones, water bottles, fruit and cool damp towels scented w/mint. We also went to the spa, I had the Ideal facial ( with Vanessa) which was nearly the best facial I've ever had. My friend had a massage and said it was great. They start the spa experience off with tea and a foot soak, very relaxing. You can access the steam bath and shower as a guest of the hotel even if you don't have a spa treatment. The showers in the women's locker area had 20 jets! I would stay here again in a minute and recommend it to everybody. We were told the hotel went through an extensive renovation a year or so ago. It's a great place to stay while in LA.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonatanLoter
<Content>good choice!!! I recommend this hotel.... Location can't be better, great architecture and interior design, the bathroom is INCREDIBLE and the room is ok.The only thing that I didn;t like is that I spent $310 for one night and I had to pay to have an Internet connection!!!The service is GREAT!!! The employees are really kind and also the valet guys!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dshodiss
<Content>The BEST hotel to stay at in Los Angeles is the Sofitel I recently stayed in Los Angeles at the Sofitel and I have to say it is the best hotel I have stayed in anywhere. The hotel is beautiful and the staff is very very friendly, all smiles and very willing to help and make sure your stay is a great one.The pool is very nice and clean and they even had a BBQ going on so we did not need to go looking for a place to eat. The rooms are very nice and clean and have great views of Hollywood. Every detail in this hotel is perfect all down to the nice carpeting and art in rooms. The gym is the best of any hotel I have been in and it's clean and they supply water , towels and fruit for after as well.I will always stay in this hotel when I come back to Los Angeles since the Sofitel Los Angeles beats any other hotel by a long shot.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MsMarg0
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, Will Be Back Room:I upgraded to a SoElite room, which is 425 sq. ft., with a King bed. The room is laid out like a rectangle with a large and a small triangle both cut diagonally at the top corners. The large triangle is the bathroom, which was very large for a hotel bath, with a fully glass-enclosed rainfall shower, vanity and toilet. The small triangle is the step-in closet. There are two sets of French doors leading out onto a tiny balcony (about as deep as a shoe), but it鈥檚 still a nice touch.The bed was one of those 鈥渁lmost鈥?Kings; my 6鈥?husband鈥檚 feet reached all the way to the end. But the bed was very soft and comfy with plenty of pillows. It you like a very firm bed, it will likely be too soft for you. There was good lighting on either side of the bed for readers. Also in the room were two small dressers (one doubled as a nightstand), a chaise, and a desk on wheels. It was a little cramped to fit that much furniture in, but not overly so. The room is advertised as having a plasma TV, but it was actually a LCD. Still a very nice TV. The alarm clock does have an adaptor for your mp3 player, but it wasn鈥檛 very obvious.The bathroom had good lighting (which took a few minutes to figure out with multiple position rocker/dimmers). There is a phone next to the toilet, for those who need to be connected at all times. The TV sound can also be played into the bathroom, if you want to hear the TV as you get ready. The water pressure was good also 鈥?too much for my hubby, who would have preferred a bit less in the shower. The sink has a small towel rack next to it, and a shaving/makeup mirror that can be used at the sink, or from in the shower (through the glass wall). The huge shower is stone/tile with a small built-in bench, a shelf for toiletries, and a photoelectric window that looks out over the bed into the room. Flip the switch and it鈥檚 opaque, flip it again and it鈥檚 clear. We had much fun, flipping the switch back and forth, and it was nice to shower with a view of the Hollywood Hills.Amenities:The closet had 2 Frette robes, 2 pairs of slippers, padded lingerie hangers, a well made shoe horn, and safe that can fit a laptop. I thought the slippers were a nice touch, even if I was a little put off about the idea of wearing 鈥渦sed鈥?slippers. The closet also had a terrific sewing kit (the Queen of all amenities!) In the bath was a small canister of cotton puffs and Q-tips. There were plenty of fluffy towels, and the usual array of soap, shampoo, and body lotion, all Roget and Gallet brand. There is a hairdryer in a small cubby in the vanity, which was nice as it didn鈥檛 take up excess counter space. Also in the bathroom was a loofah mitt in a sealed package. I thought it was a little silly until I wore an adhesive bra out for the evening and had to scrub off the excess adhesive the next morning!There is high speed internet, but you have to pay $10 a day for it. That seems a little steep when most low-end motels are now offering free wifi. My computer savvy husband was able to find an unsecured network easily, so if you have some computer skill, you won鈥檛 need to pay. The mini-bar was well stocked, although crazy expensive, as most mini-bars are.Don鈥檛 try to get anything you鈥檝e left behind at the hotel gift shop. They sell everything in the room, from the soap, to the robes, to the lamps, to the sheets, to the mattress, but not a toothbrush or bottle of aspirin. There is, however, a 24-hour drugstore/chemist's right around the corner for your every need.Staff:The staff were all very polite and helpful, but we still had a few small snags. Although I specifically asked for a Hollywood Hills view when I made my reservation, at first we were given a room that would have faced the Beverly Center. (Be sure to get a Hollywood Hills view, it鈥檚 much nicer.) We also asked at check-in for 4:00PM check-out on our last day, but when we got the new room the request didn鈥檛 seem to go with it, so on our last morning we had a chambermaid trying to get into our room while we were still in bed. A call to the front desk straightened it out quickly, but it was a bit of a hassle. The first night we stayed, I wanted to watch a pay movie, but their system was down. I called the front desk and someone was supposed to call back when it was fixed, but I鈥檓 glad they never did, as we went to sleep at midnight. We were skipped for turndown service one night 鈥?not a major issue as I know how to take the decorator pillow and throw off the bed. The valet stand always seemed like no one knew what was going on, but the car was always waiting for us as soon as we called down. It鈥檚 not made very clear that parking is $26/day, but given the location you really have no other choice.All-in-all, very small snags, and I certainly will be staying at the Sofitel again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>mln5f
<Content>Really liked it! We often stay at Sofitel hotels and this one was right in line. It's not as nice as the Sofitel in Chicago but we did enjoy our stay there. We were there over Labor Day weekend and were upgraded to a room with sick views of the Hollywood hills. The room was big with the signature SoBed and amazing floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was also a nice size with a huge rain shower. Only complaint there was that the sliding door to the bathroom didn't shut all the way. Service was on par with other Sofitels - everyone was very nice and polite. The best part of our stay (besides the view) was the free poolside Labor Day Weekend BBQ and the awesome fitness center. If you're willing to pay the $270 per night rate, we would definitely recommend the hotel. The area is fun - full of restaurants, shopping, and close to everything.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>tre_12
<Content>the outstanding sofitel!! I have just got back to england from 3 wonderful nights at the sofitel LA. On arrival we were greeted by the friendly porters and valet service men. the staff at the desk were also very friendly. the rooms were that of a superb specification with HD TV's and a very stylish bathroom/shower. i most enjoyed the complimentry spa, steamroom, sauna facilities, which i visited every morning. the hotel is in a prime location with great access to the beverly centre (which includes all the top designer shops). it also has a stunning bar and restaurant. overall, i found my stay at the sofitel a truly unforgettable experience. i will definitely stay there again!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sedgwick3895
<Content>Stay Elsewhere. If you are under 24, have never stayed in a hotel before, and are dazzled by pitch-black, hipper-than-thou faux-trendy d茅cor, this is the place for you.Otherwise, this is the amateur hour. Sofitel took a beautiful French-style comfortable and reasonable hotel and turned it into an exorbitantly overpriced, hideous post-modern house for their nightclub and spa, with all the charm of the Cultural Revolution.They've seen to every inconvenience common to the arrogance of aggressive post-modern designers. There is no lightswitch inside the door of the room; stagger around in the dark until you find one. An electric outlet (and the lamp plugged therein) didn't work; the alarm clock didn't work; none of the room's key cards worked, so I had to go all the way downstairs to get a new one from the front desk every time I went to the room.The lighting in the bathroom is harsh, extreme, poorly aimed and hard to locate and operate.My traveling partner's room was an unacceptably small, strange triangular wedge (for the same exorbitant rate as my more normal rectangular room). Her room featured a glass window over the bed, looking into the bathroom. Since when are the activities of a bathroom considered acceptable to display through a window into the bedroom?The beds are covered with huge duvet/quilts and no top sheet. One lays on what feels like a thick, floppy, supportless goosefeather pallet of some kind over a bedboard. Actually, there's a mattress under the pallet -- I ripped the pallet out of the undersheets and threw it (complete with human stains) on the floor, and extracted the quilt from the duvet cover to approximate the universal standard of a mattress with normal bedclothes.There is no sundries shop.Nothing happens if you try to get hotel services, like check-out, on the TV -- they've set the clock back twenty years by requiring a front-desk check-out.The pitch-black lobby with its hideous metal constructions is matched only by the already thread-bare carpeting in the elevators, and the aggressive and unattractive orange curley-ques of the corridor carpeting; room numbers are offset on diagonals so they can't be read until one has passed the door and inset room number.Nothing dates faster than today's hip trend, even if it had been done artistically and with finesse; the cash-happy twenty-somethings who seem to be the exclusive clientele here seem happy with the cutting edge of yesterday.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	1	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>the Sofitel was amazing Stayed at the Sofitel for business for 5 nights. The recent renovation has catapulted the hotel into a different category. The entire hotel is beautiful as well as comfortable. The beds are extremely soft with white down comforters and pillows. The bathroom design and amenities are top notch. The rain head shower and brand name toiletries were great. They even have a speaker in the bathroom so that you may listen to the news while you get ready in the morning.Also located across the street from the Beverly Center Mall and down the road from Cedars Sinai.The restaurant/lounge in the lobby serves great food. Typical hotel prices but well worth it. The cotton candy dessert is to die for (ask the waiter for the assorted tray of desserts). In the evening the lounge becomes a VIP type of place so expect the velvet rope to come up after 9 or so.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaltpost
<Content>overrated Hallo Travelers,if you book on specal rate its ok , but its not very clean, check the internet cafe next to the reception, you will stick to the keyboard. We found a open bottle of wine behind the flatscreen TV ???Best are the cool guys at the valet parking, they are so cool that they forget who is the client.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goodcop
<Content>great!       suite bedroom  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>a72645
<Content>Mixed blessing Stayed for 3 nights, first in a room facing Beverly Blvd. and did not sleep until 2 am when the downstairs nightclub closed. The large french windows have very poor noise insulation.The second and third night were better, we got a room facing the Hollywood Hills and could even see the Hollywood Sign from our bed, but still the constant slamming of doors after 8am made a restful night with sleeping in on the weekend close to impossible.The staff was very professional, courteous and understanding, the restaurant for breakfast, brunch and dinner excellent and the valet very fast and reliable.In summary, get an even numbered room, facing the hills, but still do not expect the restful atmosphere one otherwise would expect at this level of hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mark121
<Content>Ho hum We stayed here during the final push of its refurbishment - so things were pretty topsy turvey. The staff were incredibly helpful. And nothing was too much trouble. They didn't even mention that we smelt (we'd just spent a week in the Nicaraguan jungle)! However, some of our hugely expensive cleaning came back with jungle baked-in rather than having been cleaned. We were given a room upgrade to a Junior Suite. It looked beautiful and the bed was sumptuous. However, the whole thing was rather spoilt by road noise - there was no double glazing and we looked out over the main road. I found the location a bit of a bind. But I guess that's because I'm British and like to walk or take buses everywhere. It's a long, hot walk to Hollywood. And the buses don't seem to stop very near the hotel (but maybe I was just using the wrong buses). The food in the restaurant was good, without being first class.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>roberta_nyc
<Content>Please...not again!!! I have to stay at this hotel when I am in LA due to corporate policy. How I wish this wasn鈥檛 the case. I don鈥檛 hate staying at the Sofitel, but I certainly don鈥檛 love it. That said, the hotel rooms themselves are perfect! The bed is unbelievably comfortable  so soft. They actually sell them because they鈥檙e that good! I鈥檝e contemplated buying one  probably will if I move. The walk-in closets are perfect  great for women who don't exactly travel light! The bathrooms are also nice with spacious showers w/benches. Toiletries have a rather masculine smell, which I can't use. This may sound silly, but they also have great alarm clocks that are soo loud - I've never overslept here despite the super comfy beds. Management  staff here are beyond awful. Not everyone, but they are unfortunately overshadowed by a bunch of wannabe actors who can鈥檛 do their jobs. Once I had to use a personal credit card to check into the hotel room  I hadn鈥檛 alerted the CC company that I was traveling. So, it didn鈥檛 go straight through, instead it asked them to call in to verify the charge. Well, the check-in guy made a loud fuss that my card was declined  I insisted that it wasn鈥檛 possible, but he didn鈥檛 care. After arguing with him to try again, I received a phone call from my CC鈥檚 fraud dept. asking me about the charge because the hotel didn鈥檛 call into verify it. So finally, I got into my hotel room an hour later with no apologies from the wannabe actor. Then upon checkout after he learned of my company he was ridiculously fake nice  superficial. Since that checkout, when all of my info was entered into their system he has consistently been fake nice. Every time I arrive I hope that he has been fired, but nope鈥lways there. Unless you like being located near an express way (or highway鈥ot sure, large, fast road), the location is horrible  the views are non-existent. It is also located across the street from a monstrosity known as the Beverly Center. The Beverly Center can be handy (tons of mass dept.  chain stores), but the shops aren鈥檛 great  the exterior is hideous. Cute hotel gift shop that stocks wonderful things like Marvis toothpaste alongside novelties like Mile High kits!Lastly, this is LA. Every hotel has a fun pool scene, strong restaurant  fun bar 鈥?EXCEPT the Sofitel. If you like to mix business  pleasure, plan on having to head out to other hotels (or nightlife destinations).  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	1	5	1	2	3	

<Author>eclecticone
<Content>I heart Sofitel The Sofitel leaves not one detail spared. We stayed in a King Superior room for $220/night. After shopping many, many LA/BH hotels, I found this to be very reasonable. After you stay one night at Sofitel you won't regret one penny spent. The room is decorated with whites and browns for a very modern and clean appearance. The shower was unbelievable with a fog window so you can watch TV (42 HD LCD with surround sound in bathroom) while showering if you wish. The hotel supplies each bathroom with fine soaps and shampoo (which I enjoy as I travel a ton).The customer service was excellent. We never felt out of place at this swanky hotel. There is someone to help you with everything (luggage, valet, housekeeping), so come prepared with plenty of $1 bills. The parking is $26/night which is comparable to other LA hotels but is an added expense that must be considered.The pool and fitness center were excellent. Luckily, the pool wasn't crowded so it was quiet and relaxing. The pool chairs are super comfortable.The fitness is state of the art with some of the best equipment available. They also offered free bottles of water and cool scented towels.We will stay at Sofitel in the future whenever possible.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>akeith
<Content>Just AMAZING! I travel in from NY once a week for several years now. I like to stay at places that are fun, however, I wont sacrifice service just to enjoy my business trip. I work in the music business and this time when I called our travel office they told me they had a new hotel that I should try, it was the Sofitel in LA. I resisted as I had not heard of it before, but they assured me, it was THE place.Sure enough, it was! I met more artists in this hotel then any other. Usually there is a hot place every so many years. The problem is it is usually something hot. A good bar, hot eatery however usually bad service. This is the L:A story...not the case here, from service in all areas to the rooms, to the nightlfe, even a surprisingly outstanding spa. It looks like I finally found a hotel that is hot and not one that will fade into the not scene because they overlooked something. They have thought of everything here, it looks like LA has stepped up it's game and I have found a new home away from home...and I dont need to spend like a king at those other boring posh locations.If your considering another business trip, you might as well enjoy the trip and check this place out. It is true Hollywood, the Hollywood most people dont see. As a guest here you are part of the scene as though you are one of the famous celebs that live in Beverly Hills, and you are treated just as well.Im looking forward to the summer and secretly enjoying my trips to LA once again while everyone at work thinks Im on just another arduous trip for work!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryBabcock
<Content>It was ok, nicely located near everything Hotel was ok. There was no great shower like everyone mentions, so it must not be in every room. Room was average size. Beds were comfortable. View was of the side of the mall with a huge billboard of Evan Almighty. Conceirge was fabulous and helpful but the best part of the hotel was our bellhop, he was such a doll and soooo very helpful. Guy at front desk was a bit stuffy. Never got to use the pool as it closes at 10pm. I learned nobody likes to walk in LA, as I chose to walk to The Farmers Market  The Grove and people thought that was nuts, it wasn't that bad. We took a cab back and that was only $10. Walking distance to The Ivy were we had lunch. Walking is also close to Spago were we had dinner. Parking was $26, which for LA is not too bad, but it was no fun having to call every time we needed the car and of course each time you called for the car you have to tip the valet. The Mall across the street is great! We felt very safe at all times here at the Sofitel. Overall, I think the hotel is overpriced, but the rooms were nice, nothing to write home about though.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Poshexpert
<Content>Hotel is great but management should be replaced Fourth stay at this hotel after it was refurbished. Booked through Sofitel's priority service and the hotel was clueless to this fact. The rooms are very comfortable but I booked a premium single and the clerk tried to book me in a minimum room on a lower floor facing the Berverly Center. Everytime I'd arrive at the hotel they would ask have you stayed here before at the front desk? The valets would recognize me since I drive into LA but not the desk clerks. The management is the weakest link in this hotel and all the other staff are great. Service at the front desk needs work. Why don't they have Europeans manning the front desk instead of people who should be selling coffee at Starbucks? Returning to another hotel I've used before. On check-out, waited twenty minutes for a belman.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	3	5	1	5	5	

<Author>MsFran
<Content>Not a good experience The location is perfect for shopping and restaurants. The lobby is beautiful....we checked in and once in our room realized it was cold. We turned on the heater and waited for 3 hours, the room never got warm.....apparently the windows were not sealed. They moved us to another room, this room extremely hot....and the air conditioner did not work. They move us a third time, this room was small but it appeared to have working heat and air. It was 1:30 am before we could finally settle down and rest. The hotel management did not apologize or even offer an explanation...in fact the person at the front desk was rude. We checked out the first thing the next morning and went to the Hyatt which was wonderful. I would never stay at this hotel again. I understand things happen, an apology would have been nice.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	5	4	1	5	

<Author>bembridge
<Content>Loved this hotel, I will go back!卢       room 415  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Emma1975
<Content>Comfortable rooms...       Free Silppers!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MichaelTraveller
<Content>Fabulous hotel in LA, Highly Recommend I have now stayed in this hotel 3 times in the last few years and wanted to add my voice to praise Sofitel.I have stayed on the Penthouse Level, Run of House and a room with a balcony on a high floor. You get a great view of the LA skyline and local area. The rooms are really nice and the atmosphere perfect. You get a feeling of high quality but not too stuffy, plenty of good customer service, great concierge and fantastic waiter service.All the fixtures and fittings are extremely high quality and it has just been through a refurbishment programme which has made the rooms even better. The bathrooms are great with lots of little extras you wouldn't even have thought of!Nice large plasma screen TV in the rooms with a good choice of channels, well stocked mini-bar with top notch snacks and drinks. All the fabrics and furnishings are high quality and the beds are very comfortable (I like soft beds).There is a taxi rank next to the hotel and there is always at least a couple of cars waiting for you. 'Westfield' or Century City (name changed) is a great shopping area and also the Grove is only a few minutes by taxi with lots more shops. The best part for me was to find the Beverly Shopping Centre is on the opposite side of the road with lots more shops and even a Cinema to catch the latest movies. Whenever I go back to LA I will be staying here. I understand the point made by another reviewer about the slightly sniffy French service at reception but I am from the UK and we are used to dealing with the French so not a problem. I would recommend you stay here, it is expensive but worth the extra dollars.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarah_in_New_York
<Content>Professional service with one problem We recently stayed at the Sofitel LA for 17 nights. Overall the service was excellent - professional, fast and gracious. However, there was one issue and the way it was handled was surprisingly unprofessional. First, the good:the rooms are comfortable - bathroom/shower is excellent and huge. beds are pretty good - they're new, which counts for a lot, but a little on the soft side due to a featherbed. turndown service at night with bottles of evian. someone always at the front door to welcome you and open the door. Once, there was no one at the door and one of the valets saw me coming and RAN to open it for me. We had breakfast at Simon 5 or 6 times and it was excellent each time. They serve excellent french press coffee (i'm a terrible coffee snob). One morning I asked for a new cup as I had let my coffee turn lukewarm. Instead, I got an entire fresh new pot of french press. Once they forgot the avocado in my omelet and rushed out an entire plate of avocado. They also let us sit forever on the sunny mornings. We also had dinner and drinks at Simon/Stone Rose - the scene is a little too much but the food was excellent. Best thing to order is off the menu: it's the Iron Chef Burger. Tiny, perfect burger; fries with truffle oil, and a little milkshake. don't miss it.The fitness center was clean and open from 5am (helpful when you're on a shoot). They also provided bottles of evian, chilled towels, and brownies or muffins; internet access and computers; and headphones. a pretty complete place to hang out. the spa has very nice treatments - I did a facial and a massage - though it is very pricey. I'm from new york and this compares to the priciest spas here. however, you can't top having a massage in a relaxing setting just a couple minutes from your hotel bed. The sauna is not open yet, unfortunately, but the locker room is nice.what else? the location can't be beat. we walked to dinner many nights - not sure that's even possible in other parts of LA. also walked to shopping on the weekend. there were a couple very minor service issues along the way: the maid opened our door and came in one morning at 8:30am while we were still in bed (she apologized and quickly left) and the shampoo and conditioner were not replaced for days and I had to call housekeeping to get new ones sent up (but they came quickly). not big deals. Ok, now the bad. After we had been there 10 days with two cars parked, the front desk called up to confirm our credit card because of all the charges piling up. what charges? we asked. Oh, the $26 per day per car charge. That's $884 extra for parking the rental cars for our 17 days.I went to the front desk to speak with the manager. I don't have a problem with paying whatever needs to be paid, but I thought it was wrong we weren't told. There's no mention on the valet ticket they hand you, there's no mention in the literature in the room, there's no mention in the packet they give you at check-in, and there's no option to park in a separate lot. Instead of apologizing for not informing us of the charge and making some small gesture of good will (for example, a $25 credit to the restaurant or spa or something that wouldn't cost them much - or, god forbid, an apology) they just said This is LA and parking is at a premium. Yes, I said, I understand, I'm from New York. I don't have a problem with paying for parking, I have a problem with the hotel sneaking charges onto my credit card. It's something a less professional place would do and doesn't fit with the rest of our experience here.Anyway, it continued this way for a while, with the manager refusing to acknolwedge that we should have been told and getting increasingly more huffy. Did i mention we were there for 17 nights?In the end I paid the $884 and consoled myself with taking a few extra brownies and bottles of evian from the fitness center. It's still a very nice place and, though it pains me to say it, I would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>David_Edward
<Content>Sofitel Los Angeles c'est si bon...               More photos  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>MooOun
<Content>Like the room I like the location of the hotel. .a short drive to Rodeo Drive (I think about 3 miles), and to Sunset Blvd. It's also right across from the mall.The room was also very nice, big, and with new furnitures,. What we like most was the marble bathroom with adjustable shower pressureWe didn't eat at hotel during our stay, so can't say. The gym was pretty large and fully equipped, but the equipments were a little old  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Vesa
<Content>Very nice rooms We stayed in Sofitel Los Angels for a few nights on a stop over. First impression on the hotel was not a nice one, since at check-in it took over 20 minutes to get our room at 6pm. Also we had a request for a room with a view in our reservation, but view from our room was just the wall of Beverly Mall.After initial disappointment the room was clean, nicely decorated and had a nice bathroom. Hotel staff was helpful and friendly. Breakfast and room service were both ok, but not excellent.Hotel location is excellent, just opposite to Beverly Mall. There is plenty to do with in walking distance or a short taxi ride.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	1	2	3	

