<Author>glatstein
<Content>The Best! My niece was married at the hotel and most of the out of town guests stayed at the Westin. From the late night welcome to weary travelers at the registration desk, to the bellhops, room service, hospitality room, etc. the experience was great. Rooms were huge, sunny, and beautifully furnished.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fifiann
<Content>Disappointed With Westin's New Look       Room  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>moody79
<Content>Swanky... Had a business stay here, and while the room was of top quality, I couldn't help feeling it a little souless (I know minor detail!). Its attached to a shopping mall (no problems with that) but there is no intimacy. Like I say, excellent hotel with great facilities, but glad it was a business stay rather than a romantic getaway. Other than that well above average.I would say breakfast is a little pricey though.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>LOVE IT! I stayed here over TX OU weekend 2008. The hotel is very nice. The rooms are clean and fresh. The staff was very friendly and had a house divided theme going for the TX OU weekend. The gym is very nice. It is an updated Westin Workout Gym. I was comfortable in the room. The AC worked... there were no problems at all. The hotel is located in the Galleria and that made it nice for quick trips for shopping and for breakfast. Its not easy to walk to other places around the area. But Dallas in general is not very pedestrian friendly.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gliding_along
<Content>A better location than Downtown Dallas When we drove up my first reaction was: oh oh. We are not in the middle of town. Truth is, Downtown Dallas is * ahem * a tad gritty. The Westin Galleria is in a commercial, but upscale area. I felt 100% safe. Downtown has a criminal court, probation center and other cheery municipal buildings. The Galleria is about 15-20 minutes North. My only gripes with the room are that the Heavenly Bed is too . . . poofy. Lots of sheets and pillows. The A/C was a little hard to regulate (Room 921) but not a too-doo. Free coffee in the lobby. Con: gone well before 7 a.m. Nice gym. Fast elevators. Desk service: eh, but not insulting or mean. Just a bit daffy.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>rzrback62
<Content>Sad decline of an old friend After a weekend trip to Dallas, and a stay at a downtown property, we ended up having to stay over an additional night and decided to head up to the Westin. We have stayed here dozens of times from the late 90's. Have not been here in a couple of years now(since their renovation in '07). In years past, the property was always clean, comfortable, and a reasonable value for its class. I now consider this hotel one of my least desirable choices if I were to need to stay in Dallas. Upon check-in, I casually mentioned about my spouse looking forward to a soak in the tub...the agent informed me that there are no longer bath tubs in ANY King bedded rooms in the Hotel...I am serious!!! We were on one of the frequent guest floors; the new carpet is in terrible shape; the heavenly bed sheets felt like sandpaper. I can't help but think Starwood has let this property go because of cost cutting measures. For $ 299 a night, I will have to take my business to a newer, comfortable property. Goodbye to an old friend with lots of good memories, but you will never see me again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>theboone
<Content>Horrible experience here; avoid at all costs I have stayed at many Westin hotels and never had a problem before the Westin Dallas (Galleria). Westin claims there is a refrigerator in EVERY room. They are only half right. All conventional refrigerators were replaced with REFRESHMENT VENDING REFRIGERATORS. These are like refrigerators, but if you even touch any item inside then you will be charged (since it calculates by weight and automatically bills the room). There is a sign that informs you of this and says conventional refrigerators are available by calling room service. I called room service only to find out they were all being used (I doubt they even have any). The GUEST SERVICES attendant said you can just use the vending refrigerator in your room, but be sure to call the front desk each time you move something so you won't get billed for it, since it's done by weight. In short, THEY WANTED ME TO CALL THE FRONT DESK EACH TIME I TOOK A SIP OF MILK AND PUT IT BACK IN THE REFRIGERATOR. Also, they charge $10 per day for internet and it didn't work half the time. I spoke to the front desk lady who said, here is the 800 number for tech support, you will need to call them to report it being down. APPARENTLY, IT WAS MY JOB TO BE THE IN-HOUSE TECH SUPPORT GUY.The hotel itself was under construction the whole time and had rude staff members.Summary:-RUDE STAFF-EXPECT YOU TO REPORT EACH WEIGHT CHANGE IN THE FRIDGE-CHARGE $10 PER DAY FOR INTERNET THAT DOESN'T WORK-EXPECT YOU TO HELP THEM FIX THE BROKEN INTERNET-OVERPRICEDDo not stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>patrickwNewYork_NY
<Content>Great Hotel       another view from the room  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bigmama2n1
<Content>Beautiful Renovation! We travel to the Dallas area frequently but had never stayed at this particular hotel mainly because it was listed so far down on the list of favorites on this site. I'm so glad we tried it. I arrived after a 300 mile drive a bit after noon and the valet told me he was sure I would be able to go ahead and check in, but when questioned he admitted to me I would probably receive a better room if I could wait till a bit later to check in. He then directed me to where I could park and my daughter and I followed his advice and left to explore the American Girl store and Bistro for a couple of hours.When we pulled back around to the valet the same extremely helpful employee greeted us and asked my daughter if she had enjoyed her experience at American Girl and cheerfully unloaded my car onto a bellman cart for me.We were able to check in quickly and were given a room on the 17th floor. We opened the door to a very spacious two queen bedded room. The room also included a very nice window seat with a view that looked over the busy traffic of the tollway below. The room was very clean and tastefully decorated in a modern decor with a plasma TV and ample electrical outlets for cellphone chargers etc. The Heavenly bed Westin offers was indeed heavenly as always. The bathroom had a very unique door as it was a large sliding frosted glass door with a green tint to it in keeping with the modern furnishings. We were back to school shopping and this hotel couldn't have been more perfect for our purpose since the Galleria Mall is literally a few steps from the elevator. We were able to make frequent trips back and forth to deposit heavy bags to our room with some stores even offering us assistance to deliver our bags to our room for us. Although I did notice there was still construction taking place when I was in front of the hotel, I was never bothered with any kind of noise. I did not explore the pool area as I had read on their website that it was still undergoing work.All of the staff at this hotel were all extremely pleasant and helpful to my 9 year old daughter and myself. We will more than likely reserve a room here next time we come to the city to shop.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonasMiami
<Content>Caution-Under Construction Stayed here for one night on business January 23rd. I had no idea (nor was informed) the hotel was under construction. After checking in around 10 PM, I sat down to rest in the 2nd floor lounge area. Shortly after sitting down, a crew of no less then 75 construction workers are filing up the escalator lugging all sorts of equipment and pieces of scaffolding which they proceed to set up in an area adjacent the second floor elevators. Are you kidding me? I am paying $269 for about 8 hours in my room, and I need to see this?The pool is apparently under renovation, as are many spots in the interior, as well the front entrance. This should have been disclosed. Needless to say, I was not happy. To top it all off, the next morning, well before 7AM, I was awoken to the extremely loud noise of power equipment and concrete saws from the lower floors. How is this possibly acceptable?Either you shut down the hotel until the repairs are completed, or you let the rooms go at $100 a night with the caveat that you will be on an active construction site. The rooms are beautiful, and this will have the potential to be a fine hotel. However, as a longtime Starwood member, I was not pleased with this stay.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>jpbarkan
<Content>Great for Business I always stay here for business and it is in a great location with great restaurants nearby. Connected to the hotel is a mall that has good places to have breakfast meetings and also for dinner and rinks. The hotel is going through some renovations which can give off a negative initial look but the rooms are very nice with a nice desk and flat panel TV. If going to Dallas and choosing between a Westin stay at this one rather then downtown.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>worldtraveler786
<Content>Excellent service and wonderful stay! I recently stayed at the Westin Galleria Dallas three nights for a conference and had a wonderful, stress-free stay. The hotel has undergone a major renovation, though many of its common rooms are still in the process of being renovated. Overall, the look is sleek and modern, and the hotel seamlessly fits into its location as part of the Galleria. The front staff was excellent, and I had no problems checking in. In fact, after checking into my original room (10th floor), I requested the front desk to move me to a higher room (15th floor) facing away from the highway, and my needs were promptly met. The concierge was also fantastic and spent a lot of time helping me plan my free time away from the conference (Northpark Mall, Grapevine Mills, Dallas Arboretum, etc.)The room itself was nothing less than what I expected from a Westin hotel: spacious, immaculate and comfortable with a modern finish (flat-screen TV, mini bar and safe all included). The bed was very comfortable, and I loved the double headed shower in the bathroom. The room was quiet, and I did not have any noise problems during my stay. I also enjoyed the small touches throughout the hotel. On each floor by the elevator, a bowl of fresh fruit and copies of the daily newspaper are available to take. The Galleria mall is accessible from the 1st and 2nd floors of the hotel, and I loved the option of dropping my shopping bags off to my room when they got too heavy and then coming back down to continue shopping. While the Dallas Galleria is smaller than the one in Houston, it's still a nice place to go shopping and people watching, with a large ice rink in the center.For dining options, the Oceanaire seafood restaurant is located on the first floor of the hotel, whereas other options such as Grand Lux Cafe are located within the Galleria mall proper. The location of the hotel is also fairly central - it took me 15-20 minutes to drive downtown and the same amount of time to drive to the DFW airport. On the down side, the hotel charges a steep, daily fee for internet usage, and currently, there is no hotel restaurant where you can charge directly to your room. Overall, the Westin Galleria Dallas is a great business/conference hotel and a good bet for those visitors wanting to do some serious shopping.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>alex5213
<Content>Average hotel and expensive We have just returned from a 6 days stay . The hotel is under construction on the upper floors. Our first room was on the 14th floor . The first 2 days can麓t sleep until the childrens staying exactly in the upper floor stay in calm (stop runing until 11pm ) , you can hear when the people are walking in the upper floor. The 4th day we have to ask for a change of room because our room have a door conecting to the next room and we can here all what the other people talk. our new room was on the 16th floor with no conecting door but the noise of the construction on the upper floors begins at 8am. I麓m not a very picky person at all, and usually i can handle very well this situations (noise), but this is the worst hotel in acoustic and noise reduction that i ever stayed in his class.The door at the bathroom is only a foged crystal without lock, if you like privacy at bathroom this is not for you. The galleria is far better in houston, the galleria at dallas is half of the size of the galleria at houston and the prices are expensive.The food at the Oceanaire was very good also the Grill at galleria and The grand lux cafe, if you like a good mall with better selection than galleria try the Northpark , and if you want the best prices at one of the best outlets in dallas try Grapevine.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ILuv2Travel76
<Content>Nice place I stayed at the Westin Galleria for two nights for a business trip. The room and bathroom were very spacious, light and airy and the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in at a hotel. I ordered room service one of the nights and although it was a bit pricey it was really good. The hotel is conveniently attached to the mall which is great if you are there to shop. The doormen and front desk staff were very nice and helpful. No problems getting taxis from the hotel. It does have an outdoor pool, but I didn't have time to use it. For being in a mall though I was surprised by the hotel's dinky gift shop...the only place to pick up a snack after the mall closes. Overall it was a nice place to stay and if I had more time in the area it would be a place to check out again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>troy902
<Content>Not So Great Weekend stay in Dec after Christmas was not so great. At reservation time was guaranteed connecting rooms w/ 2 queen bds per room. At check-in was told those rooms did not exist connecting - which was a problem since we had teens in the next room. We ended up on roll away beds. Not comfortable at all. Desk clerk was no help and basically did not care at all. The renovations are a joke. The furniture looked like the kind you screw together - very cheap. The bathroom door is a frosted glass door that does not lock so when you go in and turn the light on, your shadow can be seen by anyone that walks by - very uncomfortable feeling for my wife and sister. Basically, they tried, but missed by a mile. Used to love to stay there, but won't in the future!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>lucida509
<Content>Great location. Nice hotel. We recently spent the weekend in Dallas and stayed at the Westin. The room was large and clean. The bed was very comfortable. We were in one of the rooms that had recently been renovated (11th floor) and it was very nice. While the room was clean, we did notice some dust on the end table and on the windowsill. The person who checked us in was very pleasant and helpful. The valet was nice and had our SUV available quickly each time we called. The location of the hotel is perfect. The galleria offers great shopping and there are some excellent restaurants nearby. We ate at Lawry's one night and it was about 5 minutes from the hotel. The second night we ate at Oceanaire which is located in the lobby of the hotel. The seafood was absolutely outstanding. The price of our room included breakfast so we ordered room service one morning and ate at the restaurant the second morning. The food is okay but a bit overpriced for what you get. I would suggest eating breakfast instead at La Madeleine which is located next to the ice rink in the galleria. It was virtually deserted at breakfast time and offers a good variety at great prices.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kling
<Content>Great Hotel but a little pricey Went to Dallas for a Thanksgiving weekend shopping trip. The Hotel is in the middle of a major renovation. The room was great, very clean and spacious. The Bathroom was small but the new showers was great. The beds was fantastic. I loved the window seat allowing you to sit and look out at all the city lights. Cons.....The air in the room was not working very well. Set the thermostat to 65 and it was still very warm in the room. The restuarant was very over priced. $18 hamburgers etc. We ate at the oceanaire resturant and it was good food but be prepared to spend $150+ before the bar bill.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	1	2	

<Author>Aragedie
<Content>Loved this hotel and the location was awesome! My hubbie  I got a great deal on this hotel for 69.99 a night with hotwire. All we knew was it was near the Galleria and luckily it was the Westin. This hotel is undergoing a massive renovation right now. The lobby is completely gutted as is one of the bars and the pool area. You basically walk in the main entrance to the hotel and you are already in the Galleria as well. The check in area is 2 podiums set up with computers. We checked in with no problems and went straight to our room. The parking was actually right in front of the entrance and we nabbed a space. There is valet parking as well for 5-10 dollars. You can park for free under the mall and walk straight to a door which is next to the entrance to the Westin (ask a valet to show you where to go).We stayed in a King room in which the renovation had just been completed. The decor is very modern, Jonathan Adler-esque. The bed has a beautiful teak looking headboard with attached tables which are suspended from the headboard. Mod lamps, geometic prints of aqua blue and deep cinnamon colors on the bed linens, pillows and window treatments. There is an armoire which is sleek and contains the mini-bar, drawers for clothing and the coffee maker. The desk area is built into the wall and has a mod chair. There is an chair and leather ottoman, a window seat with a great view of the city and heavy curtains to block the sun out. The bathroom has an opaque sliding glass door with an elevated 2 head shower with clear doors and a raised, rounded basin on top of the vanity. You are provided with top of the line Shampoo, Conditioner, Soap and body wash. There is also a 30 inch flat panel TV on the wall. Only problem was there were no input or outputs to attach our travel DVD player or a game system. The on demand movies are 12.99 a piece. The mini bar is stocked with water, juice, cokes, candy, nuts, jelly beans, cookies, travel kits, no alcohol though. A bottle of water is 6.00 and the small package of MM's was 3.50. I recommend going into the Galleria and getting drinks and food from the food court, much cheaper!The room service menu looked amazing but a hamburger was 18.00! Considering we got the room so cheap (we normally stay at mid-line hotels) we of course would never spend that much on a hamburger! I do strongly recommend you eat at the Grand Luxe Cafe in the Galleria. We had the best burger and shrimp scampi I have ever had. They are pricey but much more reasonable than the room service prices. I had a mojito which was one of the best I have ever had (they have lime infused rum) and also had a passion punch something which was rasberry, rum, cocunut and strawberry puree-yum! The burger my hubbie had was black angus beef topped with shredded short ribs (AMAZING) and my shrimp scampi was perfect. We shared a casear salad as well which was great. After 3 drinks, a salad, 2 meals and dessert to take back to the room, we spent around 75.00 (well worth it). I recommend the beingets for dessert. All of their pastries are fantastic. We got a mini banana cream pie to go on the way home. I would probably head back to the Galleria to just eat here!The Galleria houses stores such as Versace, Louis Vitton, Black?White, Ann Taylor, Betsy Johnson, Prada, Fendi, Coach, Fossil, Nordstroms, Macy's, etc. The Galleria has an ice skating rink as well. The nearest movie theater is about 1 mile away at the Valley View Mall. That mall houses the more mid-line stores such as JcPenny, Dillards, Bath  Body Works, etcWe hope to snag another great rate thru hotwire here and try the seafood restaurant in the hotel, we heard great things about it. AND...by the way...the construction did not bother us 1 bit. We were about 50 feet down from the wing being redone and we never heard 1 drill, saw or other construction noise the whole weekend so they did a great job of not interfering with the customers. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pixelk
<Content>Convenient but less than comfy The hotel is attached to the mall, very convenient, lots of fun shops, some fast food and nicer dining options also. Not much available for late-night or within walking distance if you want alternatives to the mall. Easy access to major roads really helped for getting around the city.Mall lobby/facade were under construction when I stayed. Not really much of a lobby, just a couple podiums at the mall entry. Loud sawing/drilling noise started at 8am on Friday morning and continued until dusk.Bedding was pretty bad- I'm not sure why they hype it so much, the comforter was very heavy and scratchy. Otherwise the beds were fine, and the room was well kept . Lovely bathroom with plenty of water pressure even at the higher floors.The value wasn't that great for me, but it's probably a good option for business travelers.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	2	3	1	

<Author>ladybugx87
<Content>Nice Hotel, Renovation will make it great, Spectacular Location I stayed at the Westin Dallas Galleria for one Sunday evening on business. I used the valet for my car and the valet was so nice.Check in was fine- the people are kind of blah. My room was very nice and clean but could use the renovation facelift that is coming. The make shift gym during renovations is fine but a little awkward- they have converted 3 rooms into gym sections. It would get tight with others there but I was the only one.Check out was fine.Location is great- the Galleria Mall is very nice- great shops and good choice of restaurants.I would stay here again and I think the renovations are going to make this hotel great!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>TimIL747
<Content>Convenient mall location, clean and large rooms Location:Was in town for a conference that was also taking place at the hotel. The fact that the conference was in the hotel along with the fact that the hotel is attached to the Galleria mall made for a very convenient business trip. I didn't have a car and really didn't need one seeing that food and shopping and the conference were all accessible. Food and Shopping:There is a corner bakery in the mall steps away from the elevator which made for very convenient breakfast dining. Lots of high quality shops in the mall. The mall also has a Sushi Samba. Had dinner there and it was pretty decent.Rooms:Great heavenly beds as always in the Westin. Room and bathroom were spacious and clean. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BobbyDazla
<Content>Great for Business       View from Room  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>havanahipster
<Content>More of a "classic" Westin This is not your typical Westin in terms of hotel and room decor. It's more what I call classic hotel design. It feels more like a Marriott or Hyatt than a Westin. You won't find dark furniture, marble countertops in the bathroom, or sleek lines in your bedroom. Instead you will find paisley curtains, cream striped bedspreads, and worn carpet. When I checked in the A/C in my room wasn't working so I had to relocate to a different room. A colleague of mine had the same problem and had to switch rooms, too.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AustinTexasTraveler
<Content>Good Hotel for the price!!       4 generations in the lobby  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dlbintheoc
<Content>Not worth the price / book an East facing room I stayed in the Galleria one night early in February 2007. The room was nicely decorated but small. It overlooked the freeway / toll road (?) and suffered from traffic noise. When you book, I suggest an East facing room to avoid the road noise. We had clubroom privileges and that was very nice. We enjoyed the drinks and snacks in the evening and pretty much ate a full breakfast in the morning. Overall, it was a nice hotel with a small room but not worth the price.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>OKJulia
<Content>Not a 4 Star Hotel We stayed at the Westin Galleria in Dallas Dec. 27 thru Dec. 29. This hotel is rated as a four star hotel on hotels.com. It is not. On Dec. 28, after sightseeing for the day returned to our room about 4:30. It was not cleaned. We called the desk for housekeeping and they said they would get to it. We left about 6:30 without our room being cleaned, for the evening. It had been cleaned while we were out. Shower time and no towels! A basic item had been over looked.Internet access is not free at the hotel, but Starbucks is just outside the hotel with wifi access. Water in the bar is $3. The concierge was very uninformed about the sights around Dallas. He was no help.This is a 3 star hotel at best.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	5	2	1	

<Author>tpuryear
<Content>Great Rooms, Great Service I stayed at this hotel from June 22-25. I upgraded to the Club Level for quiet and privacy, although I'm not sure it was necessary. The rooms were clean, comfortable and very, very quiet. The service was wonderful and responsive. Room service delivered quickly and the food was fresh and hot. The concierge was very helpful, as was the front desk and the manager-on-duty, Katy. Housekeeping was excellent (remember to tip fellow travellers!!).I had some concerns about the facility from some prior reviews. I contacted the hotel before booking and the hotel manager responded immediately. Regardless of previous, poor reviews my experience was wonderful.The only thing that stopped me from giving an Excellent rating was the elevator service. At times we waited for ten minutes or more. The hotel needs to divide the elevators into 'banks' with at least two elevators servicing the higher floors. A serious problem.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bworthjr
<Content>Yes, there is a funky odor! Further to a previous reviewer, there really is a funky odor in this hotel. I was staying on the 16th floor and the smell was very pronounced in the hallways.I noticed it right when I walked off the elevator each time for two days. The lower, meeting-room floors did not have the same strong smell.One can only speculate to the cause of this problem - but I would choose not to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>polin001
<Content>Very nice hotel and a great location I stayed at this hotel with a group. All the employees that I dealt with could not have been nicer. My room was very large and clean and the club level lounge (I was upgraded for being Platinum) added to the overall positive experience at the hotel. The hotel was sold out for all three nights of my stay so the elevators took a while to come and then stopped at every floor. overall I would stay at this hotel if I am ever in Dallas again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>By Far One of the Top Hotels in Dallas The Westin Galleria Dallas is a great hotel. I stayed here a few weeks ago and enjoyed the luxury services and wonderful mall. The staff went out of their way to make my wife and I feel special. The heavenly bed and dual shower head was great. Everyone was friendly and always had a smile on their face. The concierge and front desk went out of their way to find us a romantic restaurant. We ended up going to Oceanaire which was the best seafood restaurant I have ever been to. This hotel will always be a=our first choice when visiting dallas.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brad1970
<Content>Never Been Treated Worse by Hotel Management Staff I stayed here in March as part of a large group conference. Everything seemed to be okay, until the morning I went to check out. I was informed by the front desk employee that I would not receive a receipt because the group I was travelling with had decided to pick up the tab for me. I was pleasantly surprised, but asked them to verify this. They ran my name and debit card number, and sure enough, my name came up as paid in full by my conference hosts (which they sometimes do). Well, a month later, out of the blue, the hotel suddenly charged my checking account the entire amount. I was not ready for this (it came without warning) and contacted the hotel to ask what had happened. I was told they had told me wrong, and made a minor mistake when telling me my bill was paid in full a month prior. Next, I was put on the phone with a manager who was extremely rude, telling me I would not be compensated and too bad if my account went into the negative. He also told me that even if I made a complaint, it would only wind up back on his desk and he would dismiss it. I submitted a complaint through Starwood Services but (a week later) have still heard nothing back. The way I see it, part of your entitlement when staying at a hotel is to be allowed a proper, accurate checkout upon leaving. This checkout should also include a hotel receipt with no surprises. Certainly, there should not be large, unexpected billings to your account a month after your stay. And if such a chain of events does occur AND is based on a mistake made by the hotel staff, they should at least offer to make the situation right. That did not happen here. My advice? Choose another hotel. Because even if this one makes a mistake, they will not correct it. [Bonus advice: check the BBB records on this hotel - the only other unresolved complaint against this hotel was for - surprise - billing problems].  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average.....But with an Odor I stayed at the Westin four nights on business.Overall, the service was good, location very good (hotel located in a great mall) but the moldy smell of the rooms was horrible.The smell was in the hallways, rooms and on every floor. After two days and leaving the room temperature on 50 degrees the smell did not bother me as much. However, I would never had accepted this if I was on vacation.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Debbies48
<Content>Housekeeping needs worked on Hotel is really nice but our room was never made up the 3 nights we stayed there. We always had to ask for towels from the maids in the hall.The Oceanair restaurant is excellent. And being in the Galleria was the best part of the stay. Valet parking was wonderful and they were really nice guys that worked in that dept. Housekeeping needs to do a better job.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Petefamily
<Content>Great Location - But Not Worth The Price The great location (connected to the fabulous Galleria Mall) and heavenly features almost make up for the slightly outdated and rundown decor (peeling wallpaper, dirty carpet, lamps that don't work,etc) - but overall not worth the price.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kaj22
<Content>Heavenly Westin Beds! The Westin Galleria Dallas is located right next to the Galleria Mall which has stores such as Coach, Nordstroms, Aveda, etc. The hotel itself was pretty clean and well kept. The only exception that I could tell was a spot on the carpet in the hallway of my room and that the bathtub had a constant drip. The A/C worked great and I was treated to the western view so I had a couple of wonderful sunsets while there. The room had the usual Heavenly bed which lives up to it's name. The room was cleaned daily but oddly enough the housekeepers didn't once take the tip I left on the bed for them. I tend to tip daily instead of at the end of my stay so I make sure the person who cleans the room actually gets it. The TV worked great too plus the room does offer broadband internet for $10/day. I didn't make use of room service instead I ate the hotel's restaurant Options on the 2nd floor a couple of nights. It's more of a bar than restaurant, a small but pretty good menu and the food was tasty. The mall also offers other dining options and a Oceanaire Restaurant is in the lobby but I was lead to believe it's not associated with the hotel. If I have to go to Dallas again for work I'd stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Upon check-in my husband realized that he left his credit card at the Stoneleigh Hotel(which we did not stay at since it was a historic dump) and the desk clerk Dy said she would drive to get the card since we were pushed for time. That's service!!!!! Can't beat the location of IN the Galleria. My teeenage daughter was very jealous.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>asianphilosopher
<Content>Overpriced for what you get This is 1 of 4 hotels I stayed at while I was in Dallas between late-April and early May 2005. The hotels I stayed in included:1. The Four Seasons Hotel Resort and Club Dallas at Las Colinas2. The Westin Galleria Dallas3. Hyatt Regency Dallas4. Sheraton Suites Market Center DallasThe above is listed in order of my preference. The difference between #1 (The Four Seasons) and the rest of the list is a factor of 10! The Westin Galleria Dallas and Hyatt Regency were of similar quality while the Sheraton Suites Market Centre was very disappointing (see my review there titled NEEDS AN UPGRADE to be posted September 3, 2005).I am from Edmonton, Canada and the Westin Hotel has always been one of my favorite brands of hotels which I associate with high-quality and class. We have a Westin Hotel in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and it arguably the 2nd or 3rd best hotel in town (after the Fairmont Hotel MacDonald  the Sutton Place Hotel). I researched which hotels to stay on the internet. The photos on the Westin website appeared very nice which enticed me to stay. Originally, I booked with American Express Travel Agency, which lowered the price from about $219 USD per night to about $179 USD per night. This rate is still quite high and I expected a lot for the cost. For that kind of money in Canada, you would certainly be in one of the best hotels in town.The mall is conveniently connected to probably one of the best malls in the Dallas area, the Galleria. Many high-end stores here. The convenience, however, probably does not justify the premium of staying here.Upon arrival, I used self-service parking although valet parking is available. When I walked into the hotel, it seemed quite nice... however, the lobby was off to the side, kind of disjointed from the sitting area and restaurant on the opposite side. If you walked straight from the entrance, you walked right into the mall. In my opinion, the Westin should have a grander entrance and more to differentiate itself from the mall surroundings. There is an escalator to the 2nd floor of the hotel where all the conference rooms are. This hotel appears well-suited to business meetings. That being said, however, it's not a particularly romantic hotel nor suited to vacationers unless your idea of a vacation is to visit the shopping mall all day. I'm from Edmonton, Canada... and we have (still) the World's Largest Mall and Indoor Amusement Center... so malls really don't excite me that much.There was a high quality seafood restaurant on the lobby level... although it was not open when I was in the hotel.My room was relatively small. I did, however, have a separate bath and shower. The quality of the bed (the Heavenly Bed as they call it) was top-notch. I believe the Heavenly Bed in Westin  Sheraton hotels is one of the best in the hotel industry, having stayed in quite a few top hotels around the world. The Westin Hotel had a nice dual showerhead feature which made for a more enjoyable showering experience. The bathtub was pretty nice. Fragrant bathbeads were included for nice bathing experience. The towels were reasonably plush and of high quality. The fitness room was of decent quality. There were televisions you could watch while working out (you can use wireless headsets). The outdoor pool, however, was a disappointment. It was advertised as being heated, but if your idea is taking a polar bear swim in frigid temperatures, then this pool is not suitable. What does heated mean to Dallas hoteliers? ... heated by the sun??! Big disappointment not to be able to use the pool. The pool was also pretty small. The only hotel I have seen (anywhere) which has a worthy swimming pool for lane-swimming is the Four Seasons Resort and Club Dallas at Las Colinas. Most hotels, like this hotel, treat having a swimming pool as an after-thought. Make pools big enough to swim in... not just soak in!The view in my room over-looked one of the entrances to the Galleria Mall. At nighttime, the lights from the mall were actually quite nice. The grand entryway to the mall which was visible from my room had many nice, tall strobe-like lights (cylindrical, like a saber-light from Star Wars, exempt they glow white). I could see part of the free-way system around the mall as well.I was visiting a friend in Dallas but she had to work during the weekdays so I had to entertain myself during the day. I did enjoy walking around the Galleria and did manage to walk around the entire mall and do some good quality shopping. If I had company, I may have tried renting some skates and going around the skating rink right in the mall. Thankfully, I rented a car during my stay. Without a vehicle, you really can't go anywhere in Dallas (get a GPS Navigation system while you're renting a car... otherwise you'll get lost really FAST... with all the complicated highway overpasses/exits). This city is very typical of the American mentality. Have lots of big nice suburbs and spread out everything! It's always drive here or drive there... nothing is together. Dallas nightlife is pretty disappointing. There is no central area where everything is happening. I did, however, go to a nightclub called Pergatory which was a cool 3-level nightclub. Drinks there, however, were incredibly expensive ($15 for a martini??!) Dallas is a city of big business  commerce. It's not really a tourist city. Even my friend who lives here agrees. If you are looking around, do visit one of the must-see's in Dallas, the JFK Museum (called the Sixth Floor Museum at Dealy Plaza). JFK was assassinated in Dallas... so it's interesting to learn about the history around the event. Also visit the Dallas Museum of Art (a pretty large and impressive building). When I went, there was a large Chinese exhibit going on. Besides these places, the city didn't have a whole lot of interesting things to do (especially in April/May). Had I come a month later, the Six Flags amusement center would have been open (just south of Dallas) and made for a more interesting time. Without that, I have to say that I can't imagine myself coming back to this city unless I had a good reason to. I was originally booked into this hotel for another day or so, but I left a day early because my friend in Dallas told me that I could get a similar quality hotel off PRICELINE for less than half of what I was paying. Through rebooking on PRICELINE, I ended up at the 4-star rated Hyatt Regency Hotel in downtown Dallas. I only paid $70 USD a night there, versus the $179 USD I was paying at this Westin Galleria Hotel... so I would have been mad not to change hotels. I was glad I did. The Westin's regular price is about $219 USD per night. Only if the price were at least HALF of that would I consider this hotel again. I guess there is too much money around in Texas... because people seem to flock to these hotels regardless of cost.If you are a saavy business or vacation traveler, I would suggest finding a good deal on websites like Priceline or Orbitz to find comparable hotels and avoid paying full-Westin prices.Hope my review helps your planning. Good luck.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KelleyinAustin
<Content>Great Location, Not so great Service - 8/20/05 I stayed here on August 20th and thought the location was perfect for my shopping adventure. The room was quite spacious and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was average. The lobby is very small unlike what the pictures depict but it leads directly into the Galleria mall. I was not impressed at all with the staff and their impersonal service. Upon arrival there were about 6 valet personnel and staff outside. When I pulled up and started hauling my luggage out, no one attempted to assist me at all...I am a 30 yr old woman who who was carrying 5 bags and no one even attempted to open the door for me much less assist me with the bags I was carrying. Unbelievable but true. The front desk staff was very average - they were impersonal but quick. Later that evening, I tried to order an in room movie (Mr.  Mrs Smith) and got a TV screen message that I had to call the front desk to process the request. When I called the 'Service Express' button, the phone rang for 15 minutes before anyone picked up to resolve the issue. Overall, the convenience of the location and the spaciousness of the rooms made up for the poor service on this quick trip. However, if I was staying for several days and wanted to be able to depend on the staff more for things like directions, in room dining, valet services, recommendations etc...I would reconsider the location and hotel choice.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pier1travel
<Content>Really nice hotel       Mini bar  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>galleria shopping love to shop at the galleria in dallas and found the westin very convenient, could roll out of bed and be at the door to macy's..if i goi tired shopping i could go to my room and rest.. the only problem i had with the westin was the prohibitive cost, was spending shopping money on lodging, therefore i no longer can afford to stay there, it was fun but i would rather have that extra pair of shoes....  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service I recently stayed here over the Thanksgiving holidays, as I always do. Usually the service is good, but this time Eric at the front desk was very rude and had a major ATTITUDE PROBLEM!!!! I arrived with my sister, her two small children and my 2 kids. I went to the front desk and asked him to give us two rooms either connecting or very close to each other. He acted like he was unable to arrange it, and said he had no idea if they would be near each other. Please! Give me a break!!! He had the hotel computer screen in front of him. Finally, a very nice, friendly, and accomodating lady at the desk, Di, was able to arrange our rooms across from each other. As far as I am concerned, Eric, needs to either get a new job, because in the hotel business, you need to be a people person and have an upbeat attitude, or be retrained for his job, which he obviously hates!!! Other than his attitude almost ruining our trip, the hotel was fine for our stay.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont be fooled! Hi, I came to the Westin to do some Christmas shopping and what an awful place for such a pricey bill. First of all we checked in, and our rooms werent ready and it was 330 and check in is 300 p.m so we had to go eat in the mall and came back and they still were not ready ,so the check-in lady recommended us that someone special had stayed in our room and he could just check out when he wanted to and apparently he had just checked out before the limo let us out,and again it was 330pm,so our friends we were traveling with,there room came open, so we jus went up there and sat for and hour,by this time is was almost 6 o'clock!!! When we went in our friends rooms we were automatically disappointed by the rooms, they need new wallpaper and new amenities. Finally our room came avaible went and checked in ours, and it was the same. The rooms look like nothing on there website, at best it looks like a holiday inn, not what we were expecting. Let alone were we disappointed but ashamed at this hotel. You have to pay .50$ to make a local call, what a ripoff! Plus anything you use is very expensive, unlike other hotels they charge for everything. I feel if you pay 350.00 a night for a simple room they should at least have amenties to sub-due the price. I always stay at 4-5 star places and I thought I would give this place a shot and boy was I wrong, and plus I felt crazy because I had travel buddies with me! One more thing the outside is like a circus, not in order at all, needs to be spruced up a little, very very heavy traffic all day long!Our limo brought us back from dinner one night and it was raining we waited for 15 minutes to even pull under the owning,because cars were just stalled all under there. The only good thing was the bed and shower, I have had better, but they werent bad at all! I am a very normal, easy to please ,family person, but when u pay over 700.00 for a two night 1 king bed room you expect more than what I received. So if I could get it for 85.00 a night and I was by myself I might think of staying there again,but then again I doubt it! The mall is wonderful and the atmosphere is great would deffiantely recommend stopping by the Galleria while your in town! Thanks for letting me voice my opinion and expressing my stay at The Westin Galleria!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steph5803
<Content>Middle of the Road   showReview(2105960, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clo110
<Content>A very pleasant stay!!   showReview(1794761, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Patiod
<Content>Shabby shabby shabby, and a cab ride to exercise?   showReview(1765353, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced and confused hotel employees   showReview(1726183, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the worst service   showReview(1644814, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loud Rooms   showReview(1442477, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Health Club   showReview(1100805, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tip Top Fitness Center Access!   showReview(971235, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐙亜銇戙仼銈儸銈?#x201d;   showReview(19171096, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>molto bello   showReview(11666762, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

