<Author>zizi4fr
<Content>Very good value for meoney We stayed at the Americania in october 2008. Ok, there are some funny characters in the neighbourhood, but if you mind your own business they will probably do the same.The hotelrooms are nicely decorated and comfortable enough for a cityhotel. Good beds, a good bathroom what do you need more?The hotel is on walking distance from downtown SF. We walked to Fishermans Wharf, China Town, Lombard street, The Art center etc. The staff is polite and is willing to help you.Ok, the parking is US$ 20 a day, but hey.....your in the big city.Go and park you car in Amsterdam, it will set you back EUR 5 per hour!!!!The Americania is a nice, and comfortable hotel on a good location and good value for money.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Camacita
<Content>An affordable oasis in Union Square This hotel was above average in service, cleanliness and hospitality. This was not the ordinary hotel setting. The retro furnishings were different and fun. It was a refreshing break! We would stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>acynic
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel This is a newly-renovated boutique hotel decorated in kitschy mid-century modern. Rooms are average-sized, but very comfortable and include a flat screen TV and a large shower (no bathtub in our room). There is a pool and a fitness room (bike, treadmill, elliptical--all new), both of which are well-maintained. The hotel is very centrally-located (though, as some have noted, this is not a 'hip' street with restaurants and shops...nearby Market St. and Yerba Buena Gardens can satisfy those needs, however).Were it not for the ridiculous parking fee, this hotel would be an excellent choice. The hotel charges guests $20/day (expensive even for SF), and then insults them by offering non-guests parking in the same garage at the rate of $5 to $8/day! Unbelievable, really.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelMaven2
<Content>Funky Bargain-Priced Gateway to SOMA For the price, this is a gem -- half or less than hotels blocks away with free parking and Internet access and a very friendly and responsive staff. The Americania has been remodeled in a funky, mid-century decor with a touch of deco and even a funky onsite hamburger joint called Custom Burger as well as an exercise room and outdoor pool.The good price is probably a product of location. The Ameritania IS a couple of blocks away from, SOMA's cultural attractions and into somewhat marginal territory in terms of street folks and such. But we were never made to feel uncomfortable. The one other drawback is a less than perfect air conditioning system, but the room windows open so there is a fresh air alternative that most hotel rooms lack these days.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>RickNI
<Content>Decent stay, very poor location, and a bad after-sales experience My brother and I stayed here for a few nights, and if it wasn't for the hotels location I would have probably enjoyed my stay a lot more than what I actually did. The hotel and room itself is what you would expect of any Best Western hotel - standard and fairly low cost. However, the staff seemed friendly enough and the rooms were clean. The beds were fairly comfortable, although you might want to bear in mind that I had been camping for the previous two weeks, so any bed was going to feel comfortable.  However, you would think that when building a hotel you would take it's location into consideration, and this is where most people criticise the hotel, and rightly so. San Francisco contains a lot of homeless people anyway, but there seemed to be more than usual around the area of the hotel. Although most homeless people are fairly harmless we were confronted by one man who started calling us racist (he simply based this on the fact that he was black and we wouldn't give him money) and started getting rather aggressive before an American friend intervened. Needless to say I didn't feel comfortable walking around the area and you shouldn't have to feel like that when on holiday. On the bright side, it is only a 10 minute walk into the centre of the city and there are plenty of taxi's available if you want to go further afield.  At this point I would have said that the hotel was decent-good with a poor location, but then something happened 6 months after my stay which completely changed my view. I had booked the hotel through a travel agent, so the hotel had no need to charge me for anything. They did, however, take a credit card number as standard, in case any damages occurred in the room. Needless to say, there were no damages. However, 6 months later, a transaction appeared on my credit card bill from Best Western for a fairly substantial amout of money. I immediately contacted Best Western and my card company about this. The card company said they would investigate the issue while Best Western didn't even apologise or offer any explanation. I never found out what exactly happened but an advisor from the card company said that it looked like an employee of Best Western had obviously kept my card details (when they should have destroyed them after I checked out) and tried to use them 6 months later, and somehow hoped that I wouldn't notice. I realise that this might have been a mistake but the fact that it was 6 months after my details should have been destroyed, means that it is very unlikely an error occured. So, in summary, I would recommend staying somewhere else because not only do I not trust the staff but the area is not exactly glamorous.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	1	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Paul025
<Content>Good Hotel.       Refurbished Room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AndrewBK1973
<Content>Funk before basics Despite what a lot of customer reviews say, the neighborhood is not the problem with this wannabe boutique-hotel. The real problem is that they nickel-and-dime you for everything. There is also no air conditioning. I would think that if you're going to give a hotel a huge makeover, the first thing you would do is install air conditioning. They didn't here; they were more concerned with putting board game pieces in fat red frames.The hotel wasn't bad, but when we checked into the room, it was terribly hot. The ceiling fan was wired to the track lighting over the bed, so we could only have air if we turned on the lights. I went to the desk to complain about this and they sent up a man who disconnected the lights.There was no refrigerator in the room. We had some leftover takeout, so we asked if we could use one. They sent a man up with a small fridge, but it cost $10 a night. Not bad--but again, a nickel here, a dime there.The lobby and rooms were cute, with brightly-colored plastic retro furniture. If you want to get a good idea of the decor, watch the episode of The Odd Couple when Felix tries to redecorate the apartment. The only thing missing was the chair shaped like a hand. But once you're past the lobby into the halls, the place is a bit creepy. The rooms' floor-to-ceiling windows face the hall/balcony, so there's no privacy. Some people were sitting in dark rooms with their doors open. Others were lying in bed watching TV with their doors and curtains open. Maybe they were trying to cool off. Perhaps there was just an odd collection of people during my stay, but there was constant noise. People yelled down the hall to each other and ran up and down the halls all hours of the night.When we checked out, we found we had been charged $100 for parking a Buick. We never had a car. (Parking is $20 a night.) They reversed this charge, but weren't particularly nice about it, considering it was such a blatant error.Overall, it wasn't terrible. The location is two blocks from Civic Center, BART, and the F streetcar to the Embarcadero. The street is no less safe than Market St. itself.Just don't visit during a hot weather spell!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Peaheads
<Content>Excellent, modern hotel I spent five nights in San Francisco with my girlfriend in September, and we spent two of those nights at The Americania, which is situated on 7th street, approximately a 10 minute walk from Union Square.The hotel has been recently refurbished, in a 'chic', modern style. The rooms were clean, beds were huge and comfortable, and the bathrooms immaculate. Highly recommended at a reasonable price - The Americania has to be some of the best value in the city.Lack of working aircon was noted, but SF was a bit chilly when we visited, so it didn't affect us!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>coxb
<Content>Nice hotel Very nice rooms and a friendly staff. Location is not that good, i rather stayed closer to Fishermans Wharf. Parking is 20$ a day (expensive i think) and just around the corner is a large parking which costs 10$ a day.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jskyler
<Content>Avoid this hotel! This hotel is very noisy and in a terrible part of town. Homeless people, threatening looking people, and various other sorts of seedy people are everywhere. If you want to be near the adult superstore and nightclubs, then this is the place for you.Noise is abundant at all times what with people coming and going at all hours. Around 5am there is a garbage truck or something that comes by and makes a bunch of nose heard on almost every floor and every room. By 5:30am people are checking out or there are other hallway type noises to wake you up. You are extremely unlucky if you get a room next to 7th street - you'll hear every car drive by!Rooms have zero noise insulation so you hear everything. No air conditioning unit, only a fan. Makes for a hot night - and not in a good way!Bathroom wasn't too great. About what I'd expect from a Comfort Inn class. Bed was surprisingly comfortable although the room had a very strange decor.Overall, I would not stay here again and do not recommend you do either unless you are either saving some serious money or insist on being surrounded by noise and vagrants.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>momy1766
<Content>Our trip of the year Being hot as it was , there was no air conditioning in our room. We had a fan in the living room, but nothing for the bedroom. We were unable to have a good nite sleep in 7 days.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Mom2three75
<Content>Very modern, fun decor Our family stayed here on a 2-day trip to San Francisco. On the plus side: the hotel is being painted (pink exterior is being painted white), the room was clean and newly renovated (black-and-white ultramodern with a red amoeba-shaped coffee table), the pool was clean, and the valet service (they must park your car for you but it is free) is polite and prompt. The downside: the hotel is in a somewhat seedy part of town (we walked the streets trying to find a more reasonably priced restaurant for breakfast than the one attached to the hotel and were accosted by aggressive panhandlers). We could not find any suitable restaurant nearby other than a Subway sandwich shop and ended up eating breakfast in the hotel's restaurant anyway. The restaurant could use a facelift but the food was decent even if overpriced ($10 for bacon and eggs). Bring some earplugs (loud fire-engine noise) and your own breakfast if you can and enjoy this comparatively well-priced hotel and its peaceful swimming pool.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Amity2008
<Content>Location isn't so great but the Americania is fine! My son and I stayed here for 3 nights on the second leg of our first ever overseas holiday after spending 4 nights in LA and driving all the way to SF.I had read a few reviews on this site and was a little dubious about the pink facade amongst other things. However, as it turns out, this is a terrific place and we really enjoyed our time here.As of April, 2008, the building is no longer pink and is currently being renovated. The rooms were comfortable although not overly spacious and were clean. They were also equipped with coffee making facilities, free internet access and a hairdryer and ironing board.If you are looking to stay in a 'swank' area of SF to stay, then this place is not for you, (plenty of homeless around - but that's the USA for you anyway),) and you would need to move closer into the heart of the city. But all that comes at a price of course.The hotel has a swimming pool, Laundromat, burger joint and bar. The staff were friendly and helpful and it is easy to walk a couple of blocks to Market St and catch the bus/tram/thing (whatever it is) to Fisherman's Wharf. A couple of blocks east puts you in a very nice area of the city as well.We really had a great time at the Americania and I would use this place again if I ever get the chance to visit the USA on another occasion.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>misspink34
<Content>Excellent for the price Stayed here on our final night of a Trek America trip and were slightly worried after reading some of the reviews. However the hotel itself was excellent. They seem to be renovating the rooms and ours was very clean and modern. The food in the burger bar was EXCELLENT and the whole place was very clean. The area was not great, but like others have said there are street people all over San Fran and unless you want to pay to stay right in the Wharf/Pier area you are going to get some shady characters about. Having said that, we had absolutely no problems with anyone and one bloke even told us the best way to get to Pier 39 and gave us a heads up that we'd need exact change for the cable cars!Hotel staff were extremely helpful...we had LOADS of questions and they were very patient! Rooms were very comfortable, but the only compaint we had was that with them all being set round a courtyard it was quite noisy when other guests were coming in and out. Quite a way from the airport, but the reception staff are more than happy to sort out a taxi/shuttle which we used and paid about $16 each...拢8 for at least 20 mins to the airport didnt seem to bad! Overall a good hotel and for the price we paid we definitely couldnt complain!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Woolfies
<Content>"Pleasantly Surprised"       Kids in the pool.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>UNLV_RUNNIN_REBELS
<Content>Exceeds Expectations The Best Western Americania did many things well, considering the price. The hotel has a nice lounge, retreat, and lobby. The hotel even had a fully functional restaurant called 鈥淐ustom Burger鈥? Don鈥檛 let the name fool you, for the money, the meals are outstanding, and if you listen carefully, you might be able to hear Jay-Z on the radio in the background.As for the room, it had many amenities you would expect: Ironing board, Iron, plenty of towels, TV with free cable and WiFi. The beds were serviceable, the linen clean. For that matter, the room was clean throughout. The bathroom and shower showed very little signs of wear. The carpet appeared clean, the furniture, if sparse, was clean. The water pressure was great, with hotel water only seconds away.The only negative I could say about the hotel is the noise level. It seemed like the walls were paper thin. Sirens and car horns could be heard clearly in the room. Other hotel doors opening and closing could be heard, and the worst part was when someone walked down the stairs (nearby to my room) or across the walkway in the floors above, it was like someone beating on a large bass drum. I am, however, a light sleeper, so others might not have these issues.In summary, the room was clean, the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable, and the price was fair. The location is convenient for downtown excursions (located only a short walk to the BART Civic Center stop and to the Market Street Cable Car stop) albeit in an area frequented by panhandlers, shady characters, and homeless.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DonnaDNY
<Content>Fabulous Budget hotel I booked a total of 5 rooms for our eclectic group coming into town for the Folsom Street Fair for 4 nights. We were a mixed group of couples and singles, all in our 40's - 50's. I booked this hotel due to the close proximity of the street fair and the reasonable rates. I had originally booked 1 family room, 2 doubles, a king and a queen room, but upon arrival the lovely day Manager Amy had upgraded 1 of our double rooms, and the queen room to 2 family rooms ( They are a bit bigger ) . I had called a few weeks prior and requested to be put on a waiting list for additional family rooms and this was taken care of for me. The rooms were spotless and well laid out. Granted there is no air conditioning but the cool September nights made the rooms comfortable for sleeping. Paying for parking was no big deal at $15 a night. Coming from NYC we are used to paying much more. The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing around the city, whether driving or taking public transportation. The hotel has a newly renovated resturaunt and bar. Our group took over the bar on a few nights and the bartender Paul was wonderful. The resturaunt was ok for breakfast, a little pricey but the food was fresh and hot. The hotel pool was maintained well and several of our group made us of it. All our rooms were on the 3rd floor overlooking the courtyard and we never had any problems with noise as suggested in some other reviews. The hotel that weekend was booked solid with the Folsom Fair crowd ( look it up ) and the ADA convention, certainly an interesting mix of travelors, but everyone was respectful and pleasant. We also had absolutely no problems with  street people as suggested in other reviews. No different than any other city. And certainly no dangers. The hotel staff went the extra mile for us , from housekeeping to management. A big shout out to Amy for her infecticous smile and the  bubbly and to Iian, the night Mgr for his pleasant and wonderful ways, and to all the housekeepers that took such good care of our rooms . Tipping your housekeeper is something every travelor should do. Just lets them know how grateful we are. This was by far the best 2 star budget hotel any of us had ever stayed in. It was clean and well lit. The staff was wonderful. The hotel had everything we needed and hoped for. If you are looking for a 4 star hotel, then I suggest you book that $400 a night room somewhere else. We will stay here again for all our SF travel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mellifera75
<Content>Decent place to stay for the price Two of my girlfriends and I stayed at the Americania from September 14-19th. It was the most reasonably priced hotel that we could find. At the time of booking, parking was said to be free. That policy changed, before we checked in, but the guy at the desk was very passive, and waived the fee for us. The location of the hotel is VERY close to public transportation (which was clean, convenient and safe). The first day took a little adjusting to the transient people wandering around, but then I realized that my church is located in a similar area...so no big deal. They really didn't bother us at all. The hotel itself was very clean and the staff was pleasant and helpful. Our room was a bit noisy because of the courtyard configuration (and the fact that each door bangs shut and echos through the courtyard), but it wasn't a deal breaker. The pool area was nice, but the saunas were out of service (and looked a little sketchy). There were a lot of foreign tour groups coming through the hotel - one group that met in the courtyard at 7AM to have a debriefing, which was annoying.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FamilyTravelsAlberta
<Content>Exactly what was represented The newest reviews of this place have been scary and yes, I admit that the area that it is located in, seems a little sketchy but, if you look closely around all of San Fran, there are street people everywhere. So, if you are squeamish, then try to find somewhere else to stay. Otherwise, the hotel was exactly what was represented. While we tried to reserve a NON smoking room, we were told that it would not be guaranteed. And of course, when we arrived it was not available but, luckily, the rooms are well maintained and did not smell. We stayed in a Family suite (apparently, there are only a few of them) on the fourth floor, which was two double beds/tv in one room and another double/tv in a room that was closed off by a door. The room was tidy and clean and the bathroom was nice and newer looking. The room was cleaned every day and fully restocked. The only problem was the noise level and lack of air circulation. There was one ceiling fan in the main room but not in the second room. When you opened the window in that room you were subject to the noises of the street at night and if you closed it, you were warm and stuffy. Two large washing/drying machines on the main floor make mid-vacation laundry possible. Also, most hotels today serve breakfast as included which makes family travelling easier. This hotel did not. The morning hot buffet was $10 and the cold was $7. Not hugely expensive, but something that they probably could consider including as a Family Friendly thing to do . Finding breakfast outside was not easy as the hotel does sit on a street off the main drag and a little bit away from the better area of town however, it is do-able if you can walk a bit. The local transit is easily within two blocks so, if you can, park the car. However, that will mean an additional $15 per day and valet only as parking is limited. The only other comment was that the staff was found to be a little snooty and not very well informed. When asked for a family style restaurant such as Denny's, staff proceeded to tell us where the local Denny's was. OK, how about a restaurant like TGIF? We were then told where the TGIF was......I think they need a little bit more creative thinking at the front desk or a printed list for reference when questions are asked. We found that the stay in this hotel, as a whole, was ok. Certainly, we had stayed in much more cramped conditions and not as clean.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	-1	2	3	3	

<Author>itching2travel
<Content>Hotel bought out, changed for the worse I previously wrote a review of the Best Western Americania, and since then, have stayed at this hotel several more times with my family. Our last stay was in June and I have to revise my review based on the recent changes.The lady who was working explained that they were just bought out by another company. Usually, when this happens, the new management makes changes for the better, but in this case it is clear that their changes are cost saving measures.The significant changes:1. The complimentary hourly shuttle that used to run from the hotel to and from Union Square is no longer in service. (This was probably the best reason to stay...it was convenient to get to Union Square without paying the high price of staying at a hotel right in Union Square.)2. The advertised free internet wireless throughout the hotel doesn't work unless you sit right in the lobby across from the front desk.The positive aspect of this hotel is that the rooms are fairly spacious, clean and well kept. Although parking is $15/day, it is valet and very convenient. Other things to keep in mind: As other guests have noted, it is in a somewhat shady area of town. It's not dangerous during the daytime, but it's common to see the homeless walk by the hotel. Continental breakfast is available but not complimentary, and there are very limited dining options in the immediate area (the hotel restaurant is closed indefinitely for renovation). The walls are very thin and you can hear through the walls easily. (On our second to last stay, we were rudely awakened by the loud noises of a couple doing the nasty 3 different times at all hours of the night. We called the front desk to complain and they never did anything. This made the hotel seem even more trashy.) Hopefully, the new management will restore some of the perks such as the free shuttle to Union Square, but in the meantime, our family will be looking for another place to stay in SF.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>manic14
<Content>not pleasant Stayed here for 3 nights. One of the selling points for this hotel was that it offered free parking, therefore you can imagine my surprise when they tried to charge $15 a day, however, this fee was waived. Think we had the worst room in the hotel, as all you could hear was staff going past with trolleys all day and night. Rooms were okay, standard hotel room. The hotel is situated in a really bad area and we were frequently asked for money. Lot's of people sleeping rough in the area and so many people with mental health difficulties. Felt quite unsafe at times especially as we had children with us. Would avoid this hotel at all costs.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>boydigital
<Content>Scary location, comfortable hotel... The hotel itself is a bright pink color, which should clue any passerby into the fact that this Best Western isn't exactly the lap of luxury (the d茅cor is equally as weird and goofy inside). Overall, it was a comfortable stay. Our family had one large two-room unit for 3 nights and we found the room to be both clean and comfortable. The maids did a good job of bringing our room to tip-top shape each day. The employees behind the desk were fine, with the exception of one rude incident. Parking is done via valet and waiting for your car key can be a rather lengthy experience (even though your car is only several feet away from you). Obviously you must factor in the parking fee of $15 a day and any tips you might choose to give. No breakfast is included with the room fee. Windows to the rooms seemed to be a quarter of an inch thick and did NOT feel safe. The neighborhood is quite frightening with graffiti and possible prostitutes just on the other side of the hotel (DO NOT WALK THE AREA AT NIGHT). The hotel isn't too far from the San Fran sights, through it is tough to get back to the hotel thanks to its location among a bunch of one-way streets. There was a strange occupation fee of $20 each night (on top of tax) included in our final bill that we still don't understand. It was a decent stay with some uncomfortable issues.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>a_mendesg
<Content>Bad hotel in bad area Very disappointed with our stay in this hotel. Cannot believe this hotel is part of the Best Western chain.Price we paid was 150 dollars per night mid-week (breakfast was not even included for this price!).Security was non-existent - any one could walk in off the street. We kept our door locked at all times! The area was seedy.Inside of our bedroom was dirty and needed to be refurbished.Please stay somewhere else when you are in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Ludo-News
<Content>OK hotel, pleasant stay. We stayed in the Americania early May 2007 for 5 nights. The room was adequate with TV and coffee making facilities and a nice big bed. The bathroom was small but again adequate. There was also free internet which was handy. The breakfast was reasonable and the price OK. We couldn鈥檛 try the bar as it was closed for refurbishment. Although not in the best area of San Francisco this 'Motel style' hotel had and outdoor heated pool, sauna, and car parking included in the room rate with plenty of spaces which was definitely a plus point. The hotel provided a shuttle bus to and from Union Square but we braved the walk and it was fine although I wouldn鈥檛 fancy walking on my own. We used this hotel as a base for our sightseeing so we weren鈥檛 after an expensive luxury hotel just somewhere to stay the night which is what we got. For the price it was great and we would use this hotel again.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>travellingwillberry
<Content>Smashing Glass My gut reaction to hearing windows being smashed is to have a peek down the hall, but as I reached to pull back the curtain I hear another concerned guest being instructed by a voice in the hallway get back in your room and shut the door. I decided now was not the time to let my curiosity get the better of me and left the curtqin drawn. It's 2am, so I called down to the front desk. Apparently they are already aware there has been a robbery and tell me it's all ok now, the cops are here. Great, I feel better already. The commotion dies down quickly and I call back down with a few questions. The desk informs me the incident was a drug thing, the perpetrator had climbed the building, broke into a room by smashing the floor to ceiling glass window (which all the rooms here have). And I thought the all-night party our first night here was hard to sleep through (when you don't smoke pot yourself, the smell can be a pungent annoyance). If you're coming through San Francisco, stay somewhere else!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>netdance
<Content>It's not great... but it is cheap. And clean, quiet and safe. Stayed here a year ago, as part of attending a conference. Was it an exceptional hotel? No, it was not. But it was a cheap hotel. And it was clean, quiet and safe. And for the price, what more should you ask for?It's in a seedy area, so walking late at night is a bit iffy. It's quite rundown looking, both inside and out. Internet is provided, as is free parking.I'll be in SF for another conference in a month, and I will be returning to this hotel - which tells you a bit about how I feel about this place.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>CharlieFrance
<Content>Overpriced, neighbourhood with tramps/bums at night Overpriced hotel situated in neighbourhood where bums/tramps come out at night.Hotel is old + tired. It needs to be redecorated. For example, our bed was broken it was so old. They did let us change rooms.Parking is no longer free. 9 percent service charge is now added to breakfast price.BW Carriage Inn + BW Flamingo Inn are across street. Same management.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	4	

<Author>Travillez
<Content>Wonderful Suprise I didn't know what to expect after reading all the previous reviews. I was very pleased with my stay. I have stayed at some 60 different hotels in San Francisco, The Best Western Americana is a very good hotel for the price and location.Day #1 I was solo, my room was very clean and quiet. The hotel staff was very helpfull. The next day I had a medical appointment, the hotel has facilties for storering luggage at no charge. Day #2 I was joined by my family. Our Family Room was just as nice. I was disappointed that breakfast was not included in the room price, however the breakfasts that were provided (continental @ $7.95 and Full @ $9.95) were excellent. I had conversations with with people from all over the world. I even met an aquaintance from Holland and had a fun day with them.Parking was FREE. a nice change from the, up to $40 per night at other SF Hotels.This is a 2star hotel, don't expect 4star service. If you want to be pampered in a 4star manor go to a 4star hotel. A great place for the price, considering SF prices.I found that the homeless in this are were few and respectful toward tourists. Yeah they're homeless, and being that way is a tough situation! If you're afraid of them you should stay at hotels near the airport or out of downtown, and take bart or Muni in each day to enjoy the city.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaptainMiles
<Content>No more free parking Beware. Parking used to be free here (as previous comment authors noted.) NO MORE FREE PARKING. Staring Aperil 2007, parking is now $15/day. And they wouldn't even budge when I told them they advertised free parking as recently as last month when I made the reservation. Sorry, it's a new policy, said the manager. From $0 to $15 in one fell swoop??? No longer a great deal. I was planning on staying here again in August, but now will look elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>kennabrew
<Content>What a wonderful jewel! This motel was a great surprise! I used to live in SF and, although I knew there had been a lot of recent upgrades to the neighborhood, I wasn't expecting much. Can't miss the motel - bold pink! The motel has a series of lovely courtyards, a pool, an exercise room, and (most important in SF) - FREE PARKING! The staff were very pleasant and made me feel safe and welcome. Parts of the neighborhood are still a bit raw but the location is fabulous. Two blocks to Market Street where you can board the city's great bus service or BART (Subway). You can walk to Union Square, Cable cars, Theatre District, High end shopping malls, Wholesale Design and and Flower Mart. These are all within a 10 minute easy walk. Chinatown, North Beach, MOMA, Ferry Building, Moscone Center are less then 20 minutes walk. I loved this place so much I kept the card for any other overnite plans to SF  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maggiesmom
<Content>A Great Time This past week, March 3rd, 4 girlfriends and I spent 3 nights at the Best Western Americiana. I had never been to California, so this beind my first experience I was excited about the whole experience. I loved the hotel! It was small, which was nice. That way the people at the front desk knew the peole that were staying there and were able to keep out those that were not. Ian, front desk atttendant, was the BEST! On our last night of our stay, we came back from our night out to find our favorite drinks waiting for us. He even had a lime in my Corona for me, what a sweetie. He told us that it was people like us that made his job fun. The hotel itself was quite unique. It had open air areas that allowed you to sit outside, yet be in your hotel.. The only thing bad about that was if someone wanted to sit outside late at night, you would have to listen to their converstation all night, That happened to us. But a quick phone call to the front desk and the problem was taken care of. I would love to go back to California, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Best Wester Americican again. Once again, Thanks Ian, you are the best!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RICHARDZON
<Content>Great home base for touring! We stayed here for four nights in a family suite (two couples and one 3-year-old). As you entered, a room with queen bed, small sofa bed w/tv, separated by a pocket door, bathroom area, then another pocket door and room with queen bed w/tv with an exterior door. Nice interior courtyard. Very comfortable beds, free parking both garage and outside parking lot (tight, but manageable), refrigerator, and coin operated laundry for guests, heated pool and restaurant. Nice interior courtyard. Awesome natural foods grocery/restaurant (...Urban...market) within a block or two. Neighborhood was ok. Staff was wonderful and helpful with directions and suggestions. We easily went all over San Francisco touring, as well as side trips to Sacramento, San Jose, and Monterey, returning to our room there. We didn't take advantage of the free shuttle to and from Union Square, from which you can go anywhere in the city, but thought it was a great perk. Our son lives a short distance away. Highly recommend this hotel and we will return.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alex&Anne
<Content>Good Value - Seedy Area This hotel is good value and offers enough for the traveller. Downside is that you are near to where all the homeless people hang out and it can be a little intimidating although no-one bothered us during the week we stayed here. The good side is that you can walk almost everywhere in San Fran so it is only say a brisk 15 minute walk to Union Square/China Town and a little further to Fishermans Wharf.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>ShawnConna
<Content>Stay here often; always a pleasant experience I stay at the Americania several times a year when I'm in SF on business. The free parking, the free shuttle, and the great staff make it a great experience. I like the rooms and open courtyards, as well as the international clientele. Occasionally I have received a room with an older bed, but a quick call to the front desk got me a better room right away. As a woman, the neighborhood is a little frightening to me at night, but there are a couple of convenience stores and good Asian restaurants less than a block away, and I've never had any problems.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>RLBow
<Content>Great hotel if you use the shuttle We found this hotel great. It has a very quirky design - which was nice. We were not intially impressed with the area as it is run down, we did not really go out much by night.The shuttle service is fab - every 15 minutes I think. Without this the hotel would be quite far out, but the shuttle is free, clean and very prompt. There is a roof top swimming pool which was a very nice feature and surprisingly quiet. The restaurant was very nice - decent price for very nice food. The staff were very helpful too.All in all we had a fab stay at this hotel and I would recommend it. If you want all the action and don't mind paying a bit extra then stay on Fishermans Wharf , but the Best Western was very pleasant for the money.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ORMSDT
<Content>OK once we changed rooms The first room we had was on the end of the building, right on the street and close to the elevator. Not a good combination! The street noise was terrible and the elevator trafffic was also very loud. Once we changed rooms to a different location, the stay got much better. The rooms were a nice size and I liked the courtyard type setup. While the hotel itself felt safe, not a good idea to walk to the cable car lines. To get there you have to walk down one of the worst streets I have walked.The shuttle bus is definately worth the wait.Overall I thought the value was pretty good, and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	4	1	

<Author>beldarcone
<Content>Dont Worry Its Fine The room was clean and well equipted. I read reviews about the area, just wanted to elaborate. This location is very close to bart and street cars, buses and taxis. the area is sort of scary....but i sort of liked it. never felt fear even very late at night. the staff was great,the parking was free... use the pool...use the free shuttle to union square... observe a unique blend of americana... would stay again  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Traveler8989
<Content>Very tiny room I orginally booked another hotel through Expedia, but a week before departure, Expedia called and told me that they could not place me into the hotel I booked but instead offered Best Western Americania as an alternative. As I'm coming to SF for a convention and all other hotels are booked, I had no choice but to accept. Upon arrival, I was checked into one of the smallest room on the premises. Although the room was clean, the bed was old and sagging. The neighborhood is also not the best. On the walk to the Moscone center, there is one block where there are many homeless sleeping on the street; people walking around asking for money; although I was not met with any instances, it was all together not a comforting experience. I would not recommend this hotel to business travelers who are planning on walking to the Moscone Center. I think this hotel is really a 2 stars, at most 2 1/2 stars hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>FoxIslander
<Content>Good location and value I have stayed at the Americania twice on business trips, and it's perfect when you need a reasonably priced hotel near downtown San Francisco. The free parking makes it an extra good value. (I went to a meeting the next day at the Omni in San Francisco, where parking alone would have cost 1/3 the price of my room at the Americania.) It's a very handy location for coming from SFO airport (just take 280 to 6th St and you're there). The neighborhood is a bit run down, but not dangerously or disturbingly so. The staff is friendly. The outdoor courtyards and open-air halls connecting the rooms are odd but fine. My rooms have been clean with comfortable beds. I did find a worker rebuilding the shower in the first room I was given, but the staff apologized and gave me an an upgraded room to make up for the inconvenience. I'm sure I'll stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lizzy55
<Content>very convenient and a great value We just spent 2 nights at the hotel and were extremely happy with it. Although the location is a little away from the beaten track- the shuttle into Union Sqaure was great. One morning we walked 2 blocks to Market street and could take any of a number of buses and streetcars to anywhere. The staff was extremely helpful and efficient. The free valet parking and free interent were real pluses for us. Because there is no air conditioning- it can be a little noisy when the windows are open. The rooms were immaculate and very nicely decorated. I would definitely come back here the next time I am in San Francisco. I consider this one of the bet values in the city.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>marytherese
<Content>This hotel is designed to hear every guest's noise! We just returned from a trip to our favorite city, San Francisco. In choosing a hotel, I required it to be within walking distance to the warf, have free parking, a weight room and a pool. This hotel had all of those things, and the pictures posted on the web site were true to reality. What we could not tell from photos is what kept us from sleeping every night!! The hotel is designed to have an interior courtyard, so that every room faces outside into this open space. In summer when (with no air conditioning) all windows are open, everyone coming home from bars or arriving from a late flight was approximately 2 inches from the bed beside the window. It happened to be freakishly hot during our stay, but the air temp. cooled at night to ~70. The way the building was framed, there was no airflow into the room unless we had the door wide open, which many guests did during their stay that week. This brought up the level of noise too. We will never stay at this hotel again, but will return to the city as much as we can!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel scary neighbourhood When we drove to our hoel we were a little bit worried by all the homeless people that were on the streets but once we got to our hotel it was fine. There was free parking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The elevator had a key lock so you had to be a guest to get in the building. The front desk staff were very helpful! The rooms were clean and big. I only wish there was a fridge and microwave. There was defintely the space for it! I will stay here again the next time I come to San Francisco the shuttle to and from Union Square was wonderful!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent enough My husband and I with our two kids under 3 years old stayed one night there while in town for a convention at the Moscone Center. I was a bit leary after reading some of the reviews, and almost canceled reservation. Then when we got there I felt a lot better. They had Valet Parking which was nice, and a pleasant and helpful staff. The Pizza place had very good pizza and delivered to the room. Also, the restaurant had great food which you could get to go. The family room which we had was on the second floor and was clean. Room was great for our two year old, she had plenty of room to move around. Although no microwave it had a fridge. It has a nice open courtyard which you can sit out in and get some fresh air. Although the neighborhood is not the greatest at night, your in S.F what can you expect. During the day it did not seem bad. All around I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just awful The hotel was placed in the worst possible area of Sanfrancisco. Homeless people and gangs everywhere, I felt quite threatened.The room had no hot water. We complained about it several times but unfortunately was never fixed.it was incredibly noisy. People were coming into the hotel at 3am after partying. We reported this to the front desk, and they didn't care about it.I had no sleep, no shower. We were paid for three nights, but left after the second, exhausted and desperate for a shower. Would never stay there again and certainly would not recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>h1mandme
<Content>Disappointing Best Western Having stayed at a lovely BW in Niagara a couple of years ago, we felt we could trust any of the hotels in this chain, and so had no worries about booking the Americania. However, we were more than disappointed when we arrived. Although we arrived late in the hours of darkness, we sensed that its location was not ideal (on a rough-looking side street off one of the major thoroughfares of the city). Seeing it in daylight didn't improve our judgement. The reception area was nice enough, the staff pleasant, the restaurant small but not bad. It was finding our way to the room which mostly horrified us. We had not stayed in a motel-style accommodation before so it was a shock to find that we were in the open air when tracking it down. We'd been used to going down hallways with a carpet and ceilings! The room was small but usable, but nothing like we had expected to find. I wouldn't stay here again, with the factors of the street location and the open air access to the rooms being most offputting.If you're used to motels, you may not find it at all bad but we didn't like it. Maybe the other 2 BW's across the street were better.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value hotel - odd location The Best Western Americania is a well-maintained hotel near the major tourist attractions in San Francisco. Decent, clean rooms. Well-informed and really helpful staff. Free parking (not very common in SF!!) in the hotel garage! Small but nice heated pool on the second floor.As for the location - I must say it I didn't bother, but my girlfriend didn't feel all too secure as there were many drug addicts  beggars in the area (esp. on and around Market St.). I guess that comes with the free and open-minded spirit of San Francisco (poor pals!!).My personal bottom line: Recommended hotel!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Burkey_80
<Content>Great Location, Great Shuttle, Great City! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Best Western Americania for four nights in the middle of January 2006. The room was excellent. The free internet was a bonus as well.The location was great with only a short walk to Union Square from the hotel (5-10 mins). But the shuttle ran you in there anyways, so the walk wasn't overly necessary.The amount of homeless is not that bad. They do not worry you at all and if you ignore them, there is no problem.The only downside was the rudeness of the staff in the restaurant. Whilst a few of them were helpful, the manager was not helpful and was quite blunt at times.Would wholeheartedly recommend the hotel to anyone going to San Fran. (Just skip the restaurant).  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4bzboys
<Content>Not worth any budget We stayed at this hotel with our 4 boys for a week last summer. The parking is aweful. If you don't mind keeping your shoes on the whole time then this hotel is for you. It is very dirty and is in a very bad part of town.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Americana! This is a very good hotel and excellent value for money. We were worried by the reviews about the area (we are parents with 2 children under 4), but in fact I went out several times after dark and felt safer than most capital cities I have visited. Staff were great and the rooms were of a high standard. Being out of the city is no problem as the shttle bus each hour is magic, right to union square.Soma pizza is good value accross the road, and provided a highlight of the holiday in a middle aged, beared man who rode up on a push bike and orded a slice of pizza - top to toe in a lovely (if a bit mucky) wedding dress.Also, try Tony Baloneys for lunch on the corner - great sandwiches.A great stay in a good value hotel. Will stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty Best Western Americana! So...at first I thought this was a slightly shabby, but decent hotel.Then my father jumped out of his bed to kill a bug that had crawled across the pages of his book. After further investigation we found red bedbugs in both of the queen beds in the suite! But that wasn't it, after that I went to grab my clothes off the dresser only to watch as a roach scurried along the corner of the dresser to hide under my clothes! Truly a nightmare...and the manager pretended to call another hotel for us (also a Best Western in Santa Rosa). However, when we arrived there, the woman manning the desk said she hadn't received any phone calls to say that we were on our way.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a good value motel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during last year X-mas week. It's really a motel as structure, layout and comfort level, but there's nothing to complain about. We took a family room that was spacious and clean. The decor was horribly tasteless but what do you expect in a motel and does this matter so much. The rooms are situated on an exterior corridor, though there was not much noise and disturbance. The staff is helpful, the rate excellent. The clientele was mostly caucasian with many Europeans.There are 3 big things that make this place recommendable: free parking (a rarity in CA),free wireless internet and the motel shuttle to downtown.Although the motel is at a 10-min walking distance, you must be advised that ANY place except Union square in San Francisco feels unsafe for a night walk. The square is laced by numbers of homeless riff raff punks, who cluster at dusk for their rowdy drinking and may become agressive and gang-like. They outnumber the patrolling policemen almost 20:1 and it's a pity and a shame to see the majestic Frenchy-looking civic center surrounded since 8pm by a crowd that seems ready to storm the Bastille. This city badly needs its Giuliani, but that's another story. The point is that the h(m)otel shuttle can save you from all that and from driving under 2-3 beers or glasses of wine, and is free(complimentary in motel's lingo).Other than that there's nothing to do in the area (San Francisco is overrated anyway)and you may be stuck with the motel's so-so restaurant, enjoying their free HBO and ah! the free wireless internet!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UMgirl
<Content>Good hotel..... Nice, clean room. I choose this place for the free parking. I would stay again if I got a good deal. Far away from the action so I would only stay here if you had a car. Got an upgrade one stay and had a very nice room but don't know if that would happen at a busy time. Front desk staff was nice. Not much food in the area.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Robyn3127
<Content>Look elsewhere There are two major problems with this hotel. the first is location - its in a pretty ugly part of town with not much around by way of choice of resturants. It is somewhat saved in this respect by the very convenient shuttle bus to Union Square. However, next time I will choose to stay closer to Union Square. The second problem - the noise factor. The hotel is built in several levels around a few narrow courtyards, and the front of the room has large windows, one of which consists of glass louvres which cannot be closed completely. Apart from the security aspect (and while I was in reception heard one guest complaining about missing CD's and the receptionist commenting on the ease of entry to the room through the louvres), this also results in the inability to shut out the noise caused by the acoustic problem of the design. The walls between rooms are also very thin. The layout of the room was good and the bathroom nicely positioned, but would not stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad hotel and alot of money dont mix. I mean it was ok for a budget hotel but everything was attracted to money. The breakfast was like 12 buck a person for awful food. The rooms were ok. They were a little nicer than your average hotel. They had textures wall and paintings. the hotel seemed to be a confusing layout though. The pool had a good view and it was warm. I was more of a motel then a hotel witch i didnt like because you had to go outside to get to the lobby. I would not recomend this hotel event to budget travlers becouse of one reson. The loacation a at its worst. I soon found out it was located in the worst possible place in sanfransico. There alot a gangs on the street as well as homeless people. You felt like you were locked in the hotel because of all the gates and security. You felt also like if you were to leave the hotel and go out on the sidewalk you were going to get mugged. It is not a good feeling. The hotel is not at all comforting. There is nothing in the area either meaning you are stuck in the hotel at night. It is not one to stay at.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great price, clean, Don't bring your kids We stayed there in late Sept and early October. The price was amazing for San Francisco and there was free parking, too. The hotel itself seemed old but clean and the staff was very helpful. The shuttle ran regularly, and the train stop is really close. The neighborhood was not great, but we are not from a large city and, even for us, it wasn't a bit scary during the day and we felt OK walking the short block to the train station at night in a group of 4. The food was good in the restaurant downstairs, and the free internet worked fine (Bring Cat-5 cable if you want the internet no matter which room you are assigned to; we couldn't get wifi on the 3rd floor and had to hook up.)This hotel was perfectly fine for us...2 couples without the kids spending very little time at the hotel. Most of the problems were nothing the hotel staff had a lot of control over, but there was some interesting stuff going on. The pool appeared very neat and clean, and the 1st night we were there I saw 3 men in it doing things I wouldn't want to have to explain to a child. The same night I saw 2 men entering the sauna, and the were naked BEFORE they went in. I also found clothes and a crack pipe on the treadmill in the workout room. None of the exercise equipment worked, either, but I didn't complain because I wasn't going back in there anyway incase the owner of the crack pipe returned. We did report the crack pipe and they sent a maintenance man to get it. I don't see how the hotel could have prevented the other stuff.Finally, it is an old hotel with a central courtyard and sound really travels in there. It only takes one drunk nut screaming at 2 am to wake up everyone in the place.I know it sounds bad, but I would stay here again. I felt safe in my room and in the elevators, the location is really great if you don't mind using public transportation, and the price is unbelievable for SF.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked this one I stayed for 3 nights Oct. 2nd-5th. After reading the reviews here I expected a much worse neighborhood. OK, I would be careful at night, but we had no problems walking around the area at daylight.The hotel is OK. Nice rooms. They didn't get the internet working in my first room so I got an upgrade to a business room the next day. We didn't have any meals in the hotel, so I can't comment on this one. Pool is very nice, clean and warm. Parking is free as is the shuttle to Union Square, which we used frequently. Friendly drivers, somewhat ragged busses.If I return next time, I'll give it another try.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not scared by homeless riff raff stayed there several times with wife and buddies other times. rooms are clean and anchor steam is cheap during happy hour. not the best area of town soma. why would you be walking around there any how at night? several nice places over on folsom, roccos, basil to name a few. been panhandled more in san jose going to and from sharks games.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ChelseaGirl98
<Content>OK room, bad neighborhood I agree it's definitely not the nicest neighborhood...the train station is a bit skanky, with homeless people hanging around. I'm originally from New York, so I'm used to seeing that and it didn't bother me as much as it might bother someone from a smaller city. The room itself was OK, on the small side but decently furnished and clean. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice room, warm pool We had the family suite. Lots of room, comfortable, clean. Very warm pool which is great even if the weather is cold. Not the best neighborhood, but the hotel felt secure. Easy access to most parts of the city. The restaurant had very good food, but limited breakfast menu.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Safe, clean and FREE PARKING!!!! There was nothing elaborate about the hotel.(We saved that for the wine country) We needed a safe, clean place to rest at night which didn't charge our car for resting too. The Best Western Americana did the trick. During the day we were sightseeing and didn't spend time at the hotel. The staff was above average in friendliness and helpfulness. The hotel provided a shuttle to Union Square which was timely and never crowded. I must admit that at first I was a little concerned about the area, but felt very safe. I would stay there again if I needed a place for the car and if my intent was to sightsee all day. Tip: Walk/ bike across the Golden Gate Bridge. I was more adventureous and continued walking into Sausilito, then took the ferry back to Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best area of town to stay in!!! We stayed here for 3 nights June 18-21st and we were a little worried about the location. Not be best area of town alot of homeless people around...This was our first time to San Francisco and we had a hard time locating the hotel. We booked this hotel mainly for the free parking but with a truck it is a tight squeeze in the underground parking. There is a good pizza place across the street but it was a little greasy!!! The rooms were very clean and there was not to much noise. There is a nice courtyard with a fountain and chairs to sit out in during your down time.If you are looking for a budget hotel with free parking this hotel would be fine. Next time we are going to pay the extra for the parking and stay closer to wharf.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok for the money The hotel is pretty clean and the staff very friendly. The free parking is a plus,though it's pretty tight with a large car or SUV.It's not in the best area, a few blocks north is the tenderloin district which has lots of homeless and can be a bit pesky asking for money. Use the free shuttle to Union Square to avoid them. Shuttle runs at least every hour from early AM to around 11:00pm.Overall I have mixed feelings about this place. If you are on a budget, it's OK.If you got money to burn I would look elsewhere  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel...don't listen to the bad reviews... This review is a bit overdue...but an excellent hotel, exceptional staff, nice room, also included is a private sauna room to use (you check out the keycard...nice and private). I'm not sure why folks are giving this property negative reviews...have stayed their twice and we just love this property! Highly recommended. Thanks for reading.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to expectations... We booked our stay at the Americana in San Fran online... Judging the hotel by the descriptions and pictures we saw, we figured that it looked/sounded like a nice place to spend the night... We're we ever disapointed when we showed up... First of all, I would never accuse this place of even being a HOTEL... It was more of a motor inn... It looked like it was falling apart and everything seemed dirty... In fact, there was a pile of garbage and dirt in front of our room's door... The rooms themselves didn't seem dirty, but they definately aren't $150 rooms... Even for San Francisco... Plus, the area of town the hotel is in is a little bit sketchy... We didn't feel entirely safe and especially worried about our vehicle and it's contents... Plus, there's hardly any parking, so they expect some of the guests to block in other cars, then leave their keys at the front so that staff can move them when needed... No thanks. Despite the disapointment of our overall experience, I will say that the linens and bathrooms seemed clean and we did have a good sleep. Don't trust the pictures on the website though... It's no where near as nice.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved S. F. Clean, well maintained older hotel. Excellent staff and shuttle serviceto union square and city wide transportation. Good restaurant and free parking. Stayed 3 nights week of 3-14-05. Would stay again !Mike from Michigan.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussie_traveller
<Content>Cute Hotel - Terrible Area This hotel was really quite nice. Built around the internal courtyards it had a nice personal feel about it. The staff were great. The sports bar was pretty cool and the free internet lounge was good as well. The rooms were a good size and of a reasonable standard. Now the bad part. The area is appalling. It is a few blocks away from The Tenderloin which is a really bad area in San Francisco and while the hotel is not in the area itself alot of the unsavoury elements spill into the surrounding areas. I definitely felt unsafe at night and would not recommend walking the streets after dark. There are many homeless people and we were accosted nearly everytime we went outside the hotel. On the first night we asked at the front desk if there was somewhere we could go for a quick bite, fast food. We were directed 2 blocks up to market street where there was a hamburger joint. We had homeless people coming into the restaurant and begging at our table. There was a large crowd of people at the front of the restaurant and I stupidly asked the person at the service counter why they were all hanging about and she went red and looked embarrassed and explained that they were 'selling something' (I'm sure you can figure that out for yourself) As I said nice hotel, terrible area. Not a good one for families i would suggest. One good thing though if you do stay here go to SOMA pizza across the road. Great Pizza!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>farky
<Content>Excellent value for money A very comfortable and safe place to stay. The security at this hotel is excellent as is the staff. Nothing is too much trouble. The hotel was very deceiving and was larger than first impressions give. What we liked the best was the free courtesy bus running every hour during off peak times and every half hour during peak times from the hotel to Union Square and return. This hotel also offers free internet access so you can spend your evenings doing some homework for your next days activities and keeping in touch with loved ones. Would definately recommend and return if we were ever in the area again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Alright, but not the Best" Found this Hotel to be what the rating is. The rooms were clean, but the beds were doubles and not very comfortable. Even though the climate at the time was summer, San Francisco was about 20oC when we were there, but the rooms were very hot and they had no cooler, so found it hot to sleep at night. The Peppercorn Resturant was not that great, so go out and eat and not at the pizza place across the road.Only recommend this if you are on a budget.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glamourpuss1000
<Content>Great for what we wanted We stayed here for 5 nights in September. It is on the edge of an area you don't want to walk round in but the shuttle bus is great (thanks to Mac the driver) and taxis are cheap. The rooms are comfortable and clean, we ate in Peppers in the hotel twice and both nights it was very good.We were on our way out one night at about 8:30 and our door refused to lock! We had a dinner reservation and didn't think we'd make it as we couldn't leave the room, but someone came and fixed it really quickly and we weren't even late in the end. So we were impressed with the service.Tony's Baloney round the corner is handy and great for breakfast. I would stay at the hotel again, as lots of nice parts of San Francisco are near not quite so nice parts unless you pay top dollar.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OsideMom2three
<Content>Basic value Booked the family suite in August for 3 nights. Be aware that the two beds are doubles (not queens!) and the sofa bed is only for small, light weight children. Bathroom is very small and the sink/counter is part of the room. The location is not the best in town, you are pretty far from most tourist attractions. All said it was not terrible but there are plenty of other hotels in the City that are far better. If you are a family with small children on a budget, this might be okay.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stole my Cell Phone We stayed there for 2 nights. So called Family Room is so tiny. As a matter of fact, it is the same size as any other room. Bathtub doesnt drain and nasty. Carpets arent clean either. Other than eye-sore flaming pink painted all over the building, this Best Western Americania has nothing special about it. On top of that, they employ theives to do the house cleaning. I left my cell phone in the room and nobody could find it. Managers said they tear the room down and still couldnt find my phone. God only knows if they bother to do that. I hate to accuse someone for something they arent resposible. But not in this case. I will never stay in this Best Western again. Best Western Americania employ the staff who are dishonest and take no pride in their job. Dont stay there. Period.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wednesday
<Content>Great Stay Stayed here for 5 nights in September and found the hotel lovely.. We had big room which was clean and had good air conditioning. Free Shuttle bus was great to city Centre even though its only about a 10 minute walk ( not great area to be walking through late at night) Would definately recommend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marzc
<Content>comfortable... Stayed a few nights after vacationing in Napa Valley...clean, comfortable, and the staff is friendly.I found the location pretty convenient, with the free shuttle service and bus lines.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay!! I stayed at the Americania during my recent visit to San Francisco. The free parking was great. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Their front desk staff was helpful and friendly. I would gladly recommend the Americania to anyone who would ask for a good hotel value in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RandT
<Content>Good value - pleasant stay This was a one night stay before heading north to Sonoma and Napa Valley. Our double room comfortably fit four of us, it was convenient and economically priced and had free parking which is a plus in SFO. Rooms were clean as well as common areas, staff friendly and helpful--- although when we returned around 3 A.M. the front desk clerk was asleep. We walked around the area, infact were out quite late and encountered no problems. There is a lack of good restaurants close by so we had to settle for a little 24 hour burger joint for a late supper. The restaurant in the hotel only serves a buffet or continental breakfast which is below par and way over priced so would recommend avoiding it.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for Money - Would Stay Again Stayed at the BW Americania for 4 nights at the end of June. We booked a 1 bed room suite, which had 3 double beds in total, for a very reasonable price of $135 + tax per night. We booked directly through the hotel (who will match offers you have seen on the internet but you do not have to pay in advance and can cancel up to 24 hours in advance - which is useful). We had a very positive experience of the hotel and would stay there again, especially for the price. So here's the head's up on the hotel. First the positives, Free parking (plenty of spaces and even when the lot is full the valet will find you a spot for no charge), free local calls, very helpful staff, free shuttle service to Union Sq, short walk to union square if you don't won't to wait for the bus (15 mins, although not recommended at night or if alone). Now the negatives: The area is not the best but is not an issue with the shuttle service and if you have a car. We walked to Union sq some mornings, so it was fine but would not want to do this at night. Rooms feel old (not that bad) and could do with a face lift however beds are comfortable and sheets/towels were clean. Bedrooms which face the street can be quite noisy in the mornings. Also the sink is not separated with a door from the rest of the suite which means you can wake the other people if you get up or sleep at different times. But these negatives are not a major issue and all in all, I think this is a good place to stay in SF.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel, bad neighboorhood Stayed four nights at Americania. The hotel is located in SoMa which is a bad neighboorhood in SF with lots of homeless people. Not much safety feeling after sunset. The first room I got was clean but very very smal and the window can be opened for only 4 inches. The hotel doesn't have ANY air conditioning, only ceiling fans. I asked another room and after I was required to pay more money (I refused) I got another room which was in the atrium and it was very large and spacious. Nice bathroom. In room Cofee and hairdryer. The layout of the hotel is quite strange and the elevators are quite far. The breakfast (not included) was somehow limited and expensive. You cannot just take a sandwich and cofee. You have to take a very greasy food buffet at $12.75 !! Got a decent and cheaper breakfast at a small bistro 100ft from the hotel.The rate (not so cheap) includes free parking which is a good thing as parking in SF is a very expensive thing. Anyway, there is not enough space for all the guests cars. If you you are cheching out very early, do to yourself a good thing and tell this to reception. Otherways, if you have to leave at 5.30am, it will take 30-40 minutes to move all the cars left everywhere which blocked parking access. The hotel has 2 PCs for Internet which are busy all the time.The staff was very friendly but I stayed in line few times for more than 10 minutes as they have to answer and pass the phone calls, arrange trips order and give bell-boy services etc. It's a decent hotel, in a bad neighboorhood with no Air Conditioning in the summer.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helpful staff but below par rooms and layout   showReview(2143235, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luggage stolen from my room!   showReview(1683859, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hshaw
<Content>Great service at the Americania   showReview(1615006, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful place!   showReview(1484903, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LifeIsShortTravelNow
<Content>Beds were not good   showReview(1483525, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trixink
<Content>Big Surprise - Overall Good Value and Stay   showReview(1276693, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbaiotti
<Content>Good value for money   showReview(1257975, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel   showReview(1238679, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of Pink !!!   showReview(1075198, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karbon69
<Content>a nice stay   showReview(835786, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catwisperer
<Content>Prima Lage f眉r eine Trip durch San Francisco   showReview(19779439, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>au coeur de la ville   showReview(20553005, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aspects pratiques honn锚tes   showReview(19640180, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist super, aber ...   showReview(19640179, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bruneeje
<Content>peu agr茅able   showReview(18368236, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>ZoeLily
<Content>Neu renoviertes Hotel       ZImmer  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles o.k.   showReview(18538198, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>USAFANOesterreich
<Content>Sehr 眉berrascht 眉ber die Modernisierung       Aussenansicht  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne Wieder   showReview(16590274, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prestations hotelieres...   showReview(16730103, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Compromise for Price and Location   showReview(14729801, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Normaler Standard   showReview(11661523, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lombego
<Content>Gutes Stadthotel       Aussicht vom Gang  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>G眉nstiges Hotel in San Franzisco   showReview(11661522, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ChrisLimousin
<Content>Hotel correct   showReview(8535956, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>SFO downtown   showReview(11447235, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>topolina74
<Content>durchaus ok, aber gibt evtl doch was Besseres   showReview(8110355, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualite/prix   showReview(11396557, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bzh_biquette
<Content>Tr猫s belles prestations   showReview(6815754, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchschnittlich in fragw眉rdiger Lage   showReview(11369067, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis/Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(11346213, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>oui 脿 l'hotel, non au quartier   showReview(11336650, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pratique mais pourrait mieux faire   showReview(11336649, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sympathique h么tel   showReview(5395161, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Einfach nur Gut!!!!!   showReview(4467423, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩兗銉堛伄椐呫亱銈夎繎銇嬨仯...   showReview(19929249, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

