<Author>Sydney_Traveller81
<Content>Fantastic hotel in the heart of Frisco We totally loved this hotel and wish we had been there for more than one night! Its right in the middle of the action, near a huge Westfield shopping centre and Macy's which has the fantastic Cheese Cake Factory. We found it easy to get around from there and the hotel staff we dealt with were very friendly. The free Wifi was awesome too.Definitely stay here if you want something that has old school charm but with a modern twist!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobSu
<Content>Rather overstated A big disappointment concidering the write ups on this hotel. We booked a junior suite the most expensive on the site. On arrival we had to ask for another room, the one allocated was not what we had paid for. Bathroom was grubby, as was the room. Egyptian cotton sheets were nothing like the ones we are used to and felt rough and nothing special.Filled in the hotel survey as requested by e mail on our return home and to the hotels credit they did respond to our concerns, even offering us a free nights stay to prove they could do better. However to our dismay the manager admitted they they had not given us their best room, although we had paid for that!!!! That says it all.This Hotel is well situated for Union Square, but is far too expensive for what it offers. Reminded me of a budget hotel I stayed in off Times Square New York, back in the late 70s, perhaps you have to pay for that nostalga now???  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>cyl70e
<Content>Great Location Stayed in an Executive Junior Suite.The good: Location was great, free wireless internet, you can print off your boarding pass downstairs for free, the staff were all very helpful and Cortez (the hotel restaurant, try the crab cakes and oysters) was great. The bad: The shower head was terrible. Room service for food was limited (530-11am, 5 - 11pm). Do not take the hotel town car to the airport, take a taxi and save some cash. Overall: For the amount we paid for this Suite, I don't think we got what we paid for. Small bathroom, limited amenities, and slow room service. Would stay there again if offered at a cheaper rate, paid about 220 a night.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>HappyTravelerUSVI
<Content>Great Hotel This was a very nice hotel with excellent service and beautiful room. We were able to book a special and had a king suite on the top floor. Excellent with great city views. The service was perfect and everyone was very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Rick_Steves
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Staff The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, always willing to point you in the right direction. Reviews indicating it is not in a safe area are inaccurate. There are two high-end hotels essentially across the street and people out and about at all hours. At no point did we feel unsafe, even walking down Post Street to Market, which is through the heart of the Tenderloin.Rooms are very nice and large.Stay here you won't regret it and check out the lounge across the street.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noj1000
<Content>Great start to our honeymoon! This place is great. We stayed here for the first week of our honeymoon and couldn't have asked for anything more. The staff even gave us a bottle of champagne to help celebrate!We got a corner room with a sofa in and a huge bed. It was very clean and tidy, as was the bathroom - although it seems most American hotels have tiny baths in them!!The Cortez restaurant downstairs is of an exceptional standard and we had some very pleasant meals there - followed by some equally pleasant cocktails.The hotel is situated extremely close to Union Square so is really handy for the shops and for the cable cars on Powell Street that will take you all the way up to Fisherman's Wharf. Having read some reviews for this hotel on Tripadvisor and other sites I was initally worried about it's close proximity to the Tenderloin with it's slightly dodgy reputation, but there was really nothing to worry about once we got there.As part of your stay at the Adagio you'll get 15 minutes of free internet access either wirelessly or on one of the hotel's business centre PCs.If you do stay here make sure you make the effort to go to Dottie's True Blue Cafe around the corner. Awesome!All in all we had a great week at a great hotel and it was everything we could have hoped for.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SanchoBelgium
<Content>Perfect location. Great stay. We had a great stay in this perfectly located hotel with top staff. Fantastic place for a touristic visit. Very nice, quiet and huge room. Small but nice bathroom. Very comfortable beds, large flatscreen. Housekeeping did a splendid job (every night we would find a goodnight chocolate on our pillows!).In the morning complementary coffee, tea  fruit in the lobby.Only downside: expensive internet access in the business center.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>tuck96
<Content>Great location, great staff Had a great stay at the adagio - it was the start of our trip to the state and a great intro. The room was a good size and nice views and the location is great for the shops - it took less than an hour to walk to Fisherman's wharf.The staff were great in sorting out a laundry issue I had after something had leaked in my suitcase. Some great diners across the road for breakfast.My only tip would be to get a high room as the road can be a bit noisy.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kirbygirl60
<Content>Little Gem in Heart of City We stayed here for three nights and really appreciated the central location - ideal for Union Square and the cable cars. The rooms were large, quiet and the toiletries were the best ever. Helpful staff and a lovely restaurant combined to make this a great hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DavidAndPed
<Content>Completely Average We stayed in in September, this being our third time in San Fransico, each time staying in the Union Square Area.The location of this hotel is good, maybe not as good as the Crown Plaza which we stayed in last time, but its still only a few blocks to Union Square.My main complaint with the hotel was the firstly the size of our room, which was that small it didnt even have room for one suitcase and a small bag. I think staying in an European City like Rome, Paris or London you expect a small hotel room, but in all the times we've visited the states we've never stayed in a room so small! Usually you get super sized everything! Secondly the room wasnt very clean, the blinds were very dusty, overall a little dissapointed with the hotel.If I was looking for somewhere to stay in the Union Square Area then I, personally would stay at the Crown Plaza, its closer to Union Square, the rooms are a nice size and during our stay everything was clean and tidy.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>marcomort
<Content>not bad! Me and my partner stayed for a week in the hotel 8th sept-15th sept. We booked a superior king room which was more than adequate for our stay. House keeping was everyday with a turndown service in the evening. The room was kept overall clean however a little dusty towards end of week.Only one thing that really [--] us off was that there is a gap of about 2 under each door which enables you to hear every door open and shut on your floor. This drove us mad every morningComplemetary coffee was served till late morning. followed by lemonade in the afternoon and tea in the evening.All situated in the modern style lobby.We had no real dealings with reception staff so can not comment however the doormen always seem pleasent.The hotel is situatuated near union Square however the neighbourhood was a tad intimidating in the evening with almost a begger on every corner throughout of San Francisco. Being a regular visitor to NY i can honestly say i found it safer there.The hotel had a modern flatscreen monitor which had a good variation of chanels to choose, and also there are coffee making facilites.There are Apple mac PCs located round the back of the elevators and guests get a free 15 minutes a day!!!!!! not much time if you are there on bussiness. however you could opt for the ethernet cable in the roomWe had no problems at all with the hotel in itself (apart from the noise )however would probably stop in the wharf area if we was to visit again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>LovesToTravel018
<Content>Mediocre Stay - Nothing Special My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Adagio from September 8th through September 12th. We booked it on Expedia, and were looking forward to seeing a city that we had never been to before.Location:The location of the hotel is good, but nothing too great. If you go to the right of the hotel a few blocks, you are in Union Square, if you go to the left of the hotel a few blocks, you are in a not-so-nice neighborhood.Hotel Lobby:The hotel lobby was nice, but that is the only thing that was nice about this hotel. One of the girls at the front desk - Marie - was very rude to us when we were checking in. Joel on the other hand, was very sweet and helpful.Rooms:The rooms are DATED. You almost feel like you are in a 70's flick. The pictures on their website give you a false picture of what the room really is like. The bathrooms seemed renovated and clean, however the room was just gloomy. The air conditioning in the room did not work well, and everytime we came back to our room, the AC was off. The bed was uncomfortable. The sheets on the bed were very rough compared to what we are used to. It felt like sandpaper!!!! They have these gross orange pillows on the beds that were filthy, and also there were some dark spots on the actual sheets of the bed. One day we found a big puddle of water in the middle of our bathroom floor. It looks like someone left a bag of ice that melted on the floor of the bathroom. Cortez Restaurant:The restaurant inside the hotel was ok, but expensive. I had a piece of chocolate cake, and it was $12. My husband had a drink (in a very small glass might I add) which was $13. Ridiculous!Joy of Life Club:The Joy of Life club is their points reward system. Apparently they give you points to stay at their locations, and you can redeem them for different amenities. I signed up for this online when i booked the hotel so I could get some free stuff. The website let me choose what I wanted as my free gift when I arrived. I picked the bottle of wine, but let me tell you - I never saw it. It also lets you pick a reason for staying at the Hotel Adagio. We were there for my husband's 30th birthday - but it was never acknowledged by the hotel.All in all, I wouldn't stay at this place again. The website shows a luxurious picture of what this hotel is like. Shame on them. It's all lies.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>cmcSydney
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in the Adagio for 2 nights in August 2008. The hotel was in a good location, only a few blocks walk from Union Square. The room was very quiet given the central location. The hotel staff were very helpful with local restaurant recommendations. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>shoelessrose
<Content>Avoid Adagio This hotel is NOT worth the money. Listed on many sites as a 4 star hotel- it could not be farther from the truth. Its true that the lobby is beautiful, but your not STAYING in the Lobby! We paid $160 a night, for an executive suite for 5 days, a rate we found on hotels.com. The pictures (and verbal description on their website and hotels.com) explained that these rooms are 400+ sq ft, with sleeper sofas, updated bathrooms, expansive views, etc. This was not the case. Yes, we were on the 16th floor, but the room was small and the bathroom was straight up gross! There were multiple challenges that, should they happen in a four star hotel, would have been met with accommodation and courtesy- something that hotel adagio did not offer. They did not notify us that there was a annual scheduled fire alarm for the time we were there, and while getting ready to go out to eat for our anniversary- I had to walk down 16 flights of stairs in heels. Our electricity randomly shut off (including a/c) six different times and twice random people entered our room while we were hanging out (the front desk had issued our room to other guests giving them access keys by mistake). Another important thing to note is that they do not clean the rooms. The bathrooms were filthy. They did not replace the soaps or clean anything in the room- other than change the sheets. We had mexican take out food the night before, and when we came back the next day (after the room had been cleaned) the food was exactly where it was when we left. There is NO WAY I would recommend this hotel and I would not stay in the hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	1	1	

<Author>ArtWarsaw
<Content>Horrible service! We stayed in Adagio for the last three nights of our holidays in California. The location is excellent - very close to the Union Square, restaurants, and bars. The rooms are worth the price. Unfortunately we experienced some problems that really spoiled our staying in Adagio. We were placed in a room with Queen size bed instead a room with King size bed which was booked. WC in our room was out of order (didn't flush). It took 24 hours for front desk and servicemen to conclude that the only solution is to change the room. In both rooms air condition was as noisy as it was impossible to have it on. Non working key cards seemed to be minor when compared to WC and air condition. Problems happen but if meet unfriendly, incompetent and RUDE service you really don't want to be there again. If you decide to stay in Adagio, be prepared to fight for what you pay. Avoid Joel (front desk) - the most rude person we have ever met in any hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>ca55and
<Content>Fantastic Loved it absolutely fab! staff were brillant we were on our honeymoon and they upgraded us to a corner room which was fab. they left us a bottle of wine and a handwritten card. would thoroughly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrsMcGonagall
<Content>A boutique hotel with elbowroom Maybe I'm used to tiny NY hotels, but this was as modern and stilish as many boutique hotels, while leaving enough room to move around. We were in 4 using a 2 double queen, so the extra space was well welcome. It is a few blocks from Union Square where we took the cable cars to move around town. Tip: if you plan to use the Muni system, get the 'passport' which is a day (1/3/5) ticket for all transportation and you'll save a lot of money.Reception was nice and friendly, checking in and out was made easy. Valet parking is a rip off but I guess that's SF. The room had nice elegant furniture and a nice and extremely clean bathroom. Beds were comfy. The room offered a water heater to make coffee or tea but they also had free coffee in the hall where the wi-fi system worked very well.We were on the 6th floor and we had no noise there. Their a/c system is indeed a bit weird, it's basically like a portable unit, which tends to be a bit noisy - but we are europeans, and SF temperature was good for us without needing to use it. I doubt it gets very hot there, but if I had, I would rate it like just above an average a/c unit noise - it would not scare me but not everyone sleeps the same way.We had breakfast twice at Dottie's true blue caf茅, I'd recommend it but get in line early and skip weekends. Sears also was ok, they have the dollar pancakes which kids enjoyed. We dined once at the Grand caf茅 in front, very good food and nice ambience (but a smaller menu). They have good pizza for the kids.We may return next year, to SF definitely I'll book here.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>redsuitcase
<Content>not crazy about this place We stayed her with my in-laws. It was recommended by their friend. maybe it's in an up and coming neighborhood, but I just thought it was sketchy and not a place I wanted to hang. There were a lot of aggressive homeless, graffiti and run down buildings. Not the best location for us, we were always leaving the neighborhood to enjoy the city. The 2 elevators were slow. Unfortunately, it was pretty warm when we were there so it got very uncomfortable in the room. The windows don't have screens, the ceiling fans weren't enough and the air conditioning unit was way too loud. The staff was extremely helpful but kind of snobby. We didn't eat in the restaurant but had drinks at the bar, which was nice but again snobby...  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	2	2	3	

<Author>cmichel36
<Content>Great, Inexpensive, Clean Our stay at Hotel Adagio was great. The place was very clean and the environment was very welcoming. I found a very good price on Hotels.com. The staff were all very accomodating. The hotel provided coupons for two complimentary organic beers at the Cortez restaurant. Although the bar staff was a little snobby, the beers were delicious. Overall pleasant stay. * We stayed on the side that faces Geary St so we could hear the clubs/bars going on at night. Wasn't too bothersome but you could hear it. Definitely recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andromedababe
<Content>fabulous food This is an excellent city centre holiday in a great location just off Union Square. The room was clean, comfortable and well-equipped. The hotel had a nice lobby/lounge with free tea and coffee all day.The staff were excellent - really friendly and helpful. The food was out of this world; the hotel restaurant El Cortes is Michelin-starred but it wasn't expensive and it had a lovely atmosphere. They do a very reasonably priced Continental breakfast buffet. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travellers321
<Content>Hotel Adagio San Francisco The hotel is located in the theatre and art gallery centre of SF very close to Union Square and all forms of transportation. As a result we found it well placed for all the touristy stuff we needed to do over 4 days. Above all the staff at the hotel were excellent, notably Joel who goes the extra mile to help you. He works Mon to Fri. The rooms are ok, not to top hotel standards but perfectly comfortable and well equipped. The restaurant, which is operated by others, is first class. Really good Californian food served by well trained staff who deserve the 20% service charge so much so that we ate there twice!! We would choose to stay there again if in SF, so that says enough. Oh, also reasonably priced for that city.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beukespew
<Content>Central Location We stayed at the Hotel Adagio for 2 nights over Labor Day, having found a great promotional rate of $99 a night through hotwire. It is very conveniently located near Union Square (great shopping and you can also hop on the trolleys there) and also only a short walk from the BART stop, which we took to and from the airport (fyi--this is very quick and easy and saves a bundle on cabs). Though the hotel was still working a few kinks related to the renovation (e.g. humidifiers in the hallways), we could not have been more pleased with the experience given the rate we paid. They clearly spent the most money redoing the lobby/bar area, but the rooms are also very comfortable and the staff is eager to please. The lobby has a beautiful selection of coffee and teas each morning and afternoon as well as complimentary fruit as an afternoon snack. I am not sure I would pay the full rate to stay here but if you can get a discount then I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KoolKoupleAZ
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel in San Francisco with great location       Hotel Adagio  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imluvnitblue
<Content>Loving it in San Francisco thanks to Hotel Adagio!       Thumbs up to the Adagio!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Athens85
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! We stayed four nights in Hotel Adagio in San Francisco. The hotel locations is execellent close to Union Squre. The Hotel was recently renwed so rooms look very nice. Rooms also bigger than normal. Staff is very friendly at both reception and restaurant Cortez. Breakfast in such restaurant is very good. Pay attention if you have a car: valet parking (with taxes) costs aproximately USD 40 each night. At all a nice place where to go again!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DragoDelMar
<Content>Personal Service at its Finest! We loved the Hotel Adagio. It was a quaint, boutique hotel in the heart of all the action in San Fran. Upon our arrival, there was a bottle of wine, a hand written welcome card, and a detailed list of attractions to see including a brief (also hand written) explanation of each spot. The room was quite spacious and it was filled with lots of windows to see the city views and buildings. The bell hop was passionate about the city and ALWAYS welcomed us back interested in where we went and what we did. In this day and age, personalized service is a lost art and this place is bringing it back. We would definitely return for our next trip to San Fran!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>croun7
<Content>Hotel Adagio exceeded my customer service expectations I recently traveled to San Francisco for a long weekend with friends traveling in from around the country. This is an annual sojourn and I booked with the Hotel Adagio, new to me as I usually stay in a Hilton, Mariott, Westin, etc.I couldn't have been more pleased with my stay. From the moment I arrived the staff was clearly committed to accomodating my needs and requests. My flight arrived from Honolulu at 6 am, yet I was able to check right into my room at that early hour, thanks to Alexandria.The rooms were contemporary, the staff was friendly, and the decor was just what I would expect from a San Franciscso modern boutique hotel.I will definitely stay at the Adagio again and would recommend this fine hotel to any of my friends or colleagues! Clare M. Rountree, Ph.D.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MortenM
<Content>Centrally located close to union square - great decorations Nice hotel. Small rooms.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelgirlkk
<Content>Excellent Location Stayed 5 nights during June. Excellent location, 5 minute walk to union square. My first impression when i arrived was the hotel looked didn't look as fresh in person as it appeared in the web photos. Hotel room was an excellent size as was bathroom. Our room cleaner did an exceptional job each day. There was a well stocked mini bar with coffee making facilities. Hotel Staff were very friendly. We attempted to have breakfast in the hotel's own Cortez Restuarant one morning. We placed our order at 7.20am and at 7.50 am we were informed our original selection was not available and were asked if we would like to choose something different. We had to leave without breakfast as we were leaving on a tour at 8.00am. There are at least 5 very reasonably priced diners within a five minute walk from the hotel. Would recommend taking the hotels own town car for the trip back to airport. Well priced at 鈧?5 for the trip. Our orginal taxi from airport to the hotel cost 鈧?0.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KAT615
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location Great hotel for the price! The rooms are nice and clean and the bar/dining area is very nice and trendy. I came in town for a girls weekend away and this was a great choice. The concierge was very friendly and helpful. The BART(transport from the airport) is close to hotel and very easy to navigate as well as much cheaper than a cab ride.The only thing negative I have to say really has nothing to do with the hotel itself. Around 3am every morning we could hear the clanking of bottles for about an hour each time as the bar directly across the street cleaned up. I would just recommend asking for a room not facing the main street. This would hopefully eliminate this problem.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tgiddybuff
<Content>Chic and Stylish This hotel has style and panache and the hotel restaurant with its Spanish Colonial style seems to be the hot property in San Francisco. All the glamorous people in the lobby at dinner, but you always feel as though you are the pampered guest here! Forgot my camera battery one day as I was renting a bike for the day and when I called the hotel, they offered to bring it to me. What personal service! Please forget the Hilton and Marriott unless you are a conventioneer and the hotel has been selected for you. This hotel has all the style of the much pricier Clift across the street, and little more low key and understated elegance than the brash Monaco nearby. The hotel restaurant's featured small plates were fantastic and the bartender was extremely helpful with selection of both food and cocktails as I was traveling solo. Please try the Adagio. You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stephstock
<Content>Wonderful stay at Adiago! We stayed at Hotel Adagio for 1 week on vacation. We booked our stay through travelzoo.com and got a great rate. As soon as we arrived the staff was there to assist. We arrived 3hrs before check-in and they went above and beyond for us to get checked in early. Our room was very clean and updated. If you like more of a modern feel this place is for you. Our room was a king suite on the 11th floor. The hotel staff was very friendly and showed us all the ammenities in our room. Bed is very comfortable/great linens. Air conditioning was available but was not needed. When you stay here please keep in mind that you are in the CITY. There will be street noise. Don't let other reviews you may have read make you think twice about staying here. TIP: at night we closed the windows and you couldn't hear a thing. Location is great, only 2 blocks from Union Square. There is also a Walgreens near the hotel. I recommend picking your snacks/drinks up here for the room instead of paying the mini bar prices. There is also free coffee and paper in the mornings downstairs in the lobby. You can make coffee in the room with mini bar charges or go to the lobby for free. The doormen was so knowledgable about the city and helped us along our way every day. I would stay here again and again. Great value, Great customer service, Great location, Great Experience, hope you enjoy it as much as I did!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jimmy4x4
<Content>OK place but it has problems My wife and I stayed at the Adagio because of the price and the good reviews. It was a clean place and the staff was friendly but our room did not have working internet. My wife needed the internet to conduct business while we were away. It was supposed to be included free in our room. I told the staff about this problem and they worked on it right away. Unfortunately after 3 days it still wasn't fixed even though each day I was told that it was working.. We were then offered a different room but that room was very hot because the AC didn't work properly. Eventually they moved the AC unit from our old room to the new room and everything worked on our LAST NIGHT in the hotel.This hotel also has a restaurant but the prices are VERY high even for San Francisco. As an example, they offer a cold buffet breakfast that includes 3 cereals, a small offering of fruit, yogurt, and juices. The price is $14. That is bad enough but then they add an additional $3 gratuity on top. THIS IS CRAZY. I have never been charge a gratuity when I serve myself! The total cost ends up to be (after tax) to be $20.Overall the place was ok but I felt that it could have been better. It is the typical city hotel that serves but seems to fall short of expectations.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Trave1Bugz
<Content>Tired Tenderloin Badly hung drapes and 90's trance music can't transform a tired old building on the edge of the tenderloin into more than a try hard inn. Ugly floor standing air conditioners sit beside the old models that still adorn the windows. Unless you have a reason to be in this neighborhood, try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>americaholiday
<Content>A hiddern Gem...Definately Worth Booking!       view from Macy's (Cheesecake Factory) at night  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marlow1227
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel in San Francisco Although I live just a couple hours away in Sacramento, I visit San Francisco often for a variety of reasons. I have stayed in a number of hotels in the Union Square area. I stumbled upon the Hotel Adagio, a boutique hotel, through an email advertisement. It was a very pleasant experience. My room looked just like the picture on the internet! It was clean, cute, comfortable, and I felt very safe. It's location in the Theatre district near fun restaurants is the perfect place. It is also within walking distance of Union Square.The employees were very helpful and positive. I would highly recommend this hotel to those who like the feel of small intimate hotel.... with a local fee.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KelownaKen
<Content>the PEOPLE made the Adagio a Wonderful experience My wife and i were looking for a little 5day get away and we had a chain hotel booked then came across the adagio on a different website and i decided to call directly and inquire and from the get go it was the staff who sold me on the experience and WOW we had a great time!Ken C. Kelowna BC Canada.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imaswede
<Content>Unbelievable Service, Great Hotel My husband and I spent one night at the Adagio last weekend. I had read reviews saying the hotel is not in the best neighborhood so I was litttle bit nervous. But when we arrived it was wonderful! The front desk was unbelievable professional and extremely friendly. Although we arrived a bit too early for check in, our luggage was stored while we toured the city. The Adagio is a 5-10 minute walk to Union Square and the start of the cable car line to Fisherman's Wharf. The room was small-ish but did not feel as if we were tripping over one another. If you are on the fence about staying here please reconsider. The Adagio will set you up with a FREE PRIVATE CITY TOUR!!!!! The hotel will also provide complimentary copies of suggested itineraries for San Francisco and a number of destinations in the area. We took a nighttime tour of Alcatraz and when we returned to the Adagio in the evening we discovered our hotel was right around the corner from a ton of night life. We did not find the noise a problem - we only wished we had the energy to enjoy the neighborhood clubs! Bottom line, STAY HERE. I can't wait to visit again!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vezis
<Content>Home-away from Home For sure, it is the best way to describe Hotel Adagio. I have stayed there for one week and it was all perfect: the check-in, the attention of staff, the advices, the apples in the hall, the comfortable room and the location. I could do every thing on foot since the hotel is two blocks away fron the Union Square. Besides all that, the restaurant in the hotel, Cortez, is very pleasure with great food!Definitely I would stay there again!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dalj
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have just spent 3 nights in the Adagio, and I must say that the experience was unforgetable. The location was very central -- 200yds. from Union Sq. on Geary St. There are several restaurants and bars within 100yds. of the hotel. We were also in the centre of the theatre area. The staff were most welcoming. We had a very large room which was very well insulated. A 20 mins. walk got us to Pier1. The Powell Hyde stop for the cable car is 5 mins. walk. I would heartily recommend the Adagio.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lopo147
<Content>Delightful Stay at Hotel Adagio We stayed three nights in late April 2008. The hotel is a bright spot in a not-so-nice area of SF (I believe the tour guide referred to the area as 'The Tenderloin'.) The hotel was inviting and attractive though. The decor is modern. We were able to check in a couple of hours early and the woman at the check in desk was very gracious and efficient. We scored a great price per night for our stay via the hotel's Website, too, which helped us to absorb the $33 per night valet parking fees (plus tips.)The room (on the 11th floor) was fairly large and clean and offered a king bed, a pull-out sofa, a refrigerator, desk, TV, radio, a small dresser and a large closet. The bathroom was a good size, too, and the water pressure for the shower was very good.There was a restaurant located on the first floor of the hotel, but we didn't have an opportunity to sample it. The hotel offers coffee and tea and apples in the lobby in the morning and late afternoon.It was a short walk to Union Square, but the hotel itself is not part of the Square. There were many homeless folks in the area, but none of them were nasty folks (meaning aggressive or insulting.) One fellow was kind enough to tell me that the meter I fed where I parked the car before checking into the hotel was for commercial vehicles only and the car could be towed while I was away. I wished that I had more cash on hand to give him for saving me from a potentially costly problem.Earlier reviews indicated that there was a lot of noise at night. Most of the time we didn't have this problem, but one night we heard very loud motorcycles starting up around midnight. After they drove off, all was quiet enough again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ThisGirlCanTravel
<Content>Great Hotel with Exceptional Service We got an excellent deal at the Adagio through Travelzoo. I booked a Deluxe Junior Suite and was pleasantly surprised by the size. The decor is hip and minimalist with fresh retro elements. The bathroom is nice, but the space for our makeup, shaving stuff etc was pretty cramped around the sink. I thought the shower tiling could use an update. Other than that, it was perfect. They have three Apple computers with Internet access for hotel guest use. The first 15 minutes is free. There is WiFi in the lobby only. The hotel restaurant looked cool, but we didn't dine there.The staff really made our stay enjoyable. We received three great restaurant recommendations from the front desk and they always provided us with accurate directions to our destination. The location is great -- within a few short blocks of the shopping in Union Square and the #38 bus at your doorstep. You must eat at Dottie's True Blue Cafe for breakfast. It is a 2 minute walk away. Prepared to wait in line, but it's worth it. The food is fantastic.There are a lot of homeless people on the walk along Geary (in fact, there are a lot everywhere in San Fran). I live in Toronto so I'm used to homeless people, but the SF homeless can be aggressive. A great stay overall! Thanks Adagio!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DublinLilly
<Content>loved this hotel! we arrived at the adagio after a roadtrip from vegas through santa barbara so we were very weary and tierd. very pleasantly suprised as i dont feel the pictures on the site do the hotel justice. we were met by very helpful and friendly valet and staff .free tea  coffee in the lobby and bottled water was a very nice touch.our first room was on the 7th floor was fine but was a little on the small side so we asked to switch to a more spacious roomwe got a much bigger room on the 8th floor again they were very helpful with our request.loved the rooms very stylish, spotless, bright and airy during the dayrooms could get very warm through the middle of the nite so we had to have the ceiling fan on all the time .never used the AC unit at the window as we found it too noisy!I would reccommend to stay on a high floor as geary street can get very noisy in the early hours.the bathroom was a little on the small side but okI loved the location of this hotel only a few blocks from union square.I found it very overwhelming and sad the amount of homeless in san fran and some can be quite aggresive. and also how expensive it is compared to other places in the u.s.having said that san francisco is a beautiful place  we had a wonerful time.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>vancouversurfergirl
<Content>Fantastic! There are not enough good things I can say about the Hotel Adagio. It is in a great location for shopping, nightlife, and AVIS car rental is behind the building (we rented a car to go up to Wine Country).The staff were extremely friendly, courteous, polite, and efficient. It was so nice to have every need anticipated before I even had to ask for it!We got a great deal through Travelzoo for this hotel and I was a little leery as in SF boutique hotel can be code for shabby and rundown. Not the case for the Adagio. And, unlike other older hotels where the rooms are tiny, our room was spacious and spotless. The hotel has been updated recently without losing its Spanish feel.Being in the Union Square area it is not the quietest location but we were close to great restaurants, theatres, and shopping.We loved it and would definitely recommend it for other travelers, and I know I will be staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>CHMomma
<Content>Hotel Agagio visit wonderful stay. gorgeous furniture, quiet, nice staff, great location, will return again  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MN_Sunshine11
<Content>The staff was wonderful! Four of us went to San Francisco to celebrate my 40th birthday. We had never been there before - and ended up picking a great hotel with a great location. The Hotel Adagio is located within easy walking of shopping, dining, drinks, cable car, the BART. The staff was the best. They were so friendly and offered to help with any of our needs - and they did.There are other reviews that metion noise from the street. That was the case for us on the 4th floor, but it wasn't unbearable. We should have had the staff remove the portable air conditioner. That would have allowed the one window to be fully closed - and I think it would have made a positive difference.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LalaLaine
<Content>Great stay for one night I got a deal through Travelzoo for a stay in an Executive king room on the upper floor for $139 a night, so I am happy with what I got for the rate. The staff were professional and friendly. The room was tastefully decorated and everything was clean and well maintained. This was my first time staying at the hotel, although I have eaten at the restaurant Cortez a few times, which has great food. The purpose of this trip was to spend a day in the city in freakishly hot weather, (so unlike SF) and to dine at the wonderful Michael Mina located in the St. Francis. The hotel was great because it was walking distance to the restaurant and to shopping. It's a great location for tourists. I chose this hotel because I wanted to be close to Micheal Mina but couldn't justify paying St. Francis's hotel rate of close to $300 for just one night. I would definitely stay in Hotel Adagio again, however if I stayed longer than two days in their rooms I might feel claustrophobic. The rooms tend to be small in size. But, the beds and pillows are super comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ostapak
<Content>My favourite hotel in San Francisco My husband and I wanted a special night in the city and were fortunate to experience the joie de vivre of Hotel Adagio. The location was great! Our room was stunningly beautiful and the hospitality could not have been more welcoming. It was my husband's birthday and upon our return to our suite, some lovely birthday cake was awaiting us with a lovely Sonoma County Red!When writing a review, you often want to be tight lipped so nobody learns about your secret haven, but the Hotel Adagio deserves a great review!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkKim00
<Content>Met Expectations Met expectation. It is a more modern style hotel in terms of furnishing and style. Service was very good. Rooms were average to above average. Nice rooms, decent furnishings, above avg. bathrooms. Location is ok if you are a tourist. It about 3 blocks west of Union Square. A BART station is within 3 blocks. Market St. is close by as well. I've lived in SF, so I'm used to the business/tourist areas of the cities and this area is just typical of that type of area. Not much going on at night.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>TrixieSB
<Content>Great Stay My friend and I had a great stay at Adagio. The staff was very pleasant and helpful and the lobby is very pretty. I especially liked the complimentary coffee in the morning and coffee/tea in the evening. (don't pay to make coffee in your room - just go to the lobby in the AM where it's free). The room - an executive queen, queen had a surprisingly good amount of space. The bathroom's a little small, as expected, but the 2nd shelf on the vanity made everything very workable. To criticize: The bed was a little soft for my taste; the carpet seemed a bit dingy; and I wasn't crazy about the stand alone AC unit with the hose going out the window. However, these were not major factors; they wouldn't keep me from staying there again especially when you spend most of the time out of the room.  The walk to Union Square is about 5 blocks or so - less than some hotels but more than others. I like to walk. Some people on this site have complained about the homeless. Yes, they can be aggressive but that's life in a big city. Get used to it and keep a little change handy sometimes. I like staying near Union Square better than the other areas -- especially if you like to shop. And on a sunny day, it's beautiful to sit out around the square. I recommend a meal at Hotel Adagio's restaurant - Cortez. The service was slow on our particular night but the food was good. We had driven in from Napa on that day and were pretty tired - so it was wonderful to have a good meal without leaving the hotel. We also enjoyed lunch twice at Max's down the street and you might catch a great band at Biscuits and Blues nearby. If you keep up on the news and pop culture, and you like satire and musicals - dont' miss Beach Blanket Babylon (a cab ride away). Everything's a little pricier - it's San Fran - so expect that. I would stay at Adagio again, especially for a good rate. We got a sale on the travel websites so we averaged about 160/day - lower than on the hotel's own website.  2 more recommendations: I rented a car for 2 days for Napa -- and got a great price on make a bid on priceline. And I had NO hassles with it. The total for 2 days (we picked up about noon on Tuesday and dropped off about 5pm Wed) with taxes was about 107 for a full size car.  Also - if you ask the hotel to get you a ride to the airport - BE SPECIFIC - if you want a taxi or a private car. They automatically got us a private car and it was a little more money -- albeit a more comfortable ride.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>everglades_gal
<Content>OK but probably better choices out there We booked a junior suite for 5 nights through priceline. We were bringing our 5-month-old daughter, so that's why we got the junior suite.The service started out great - they brought a pack-n-play up with freshly laundered sheets for our daughter, they emptied the minibar so we could use it for bottles. The hotel room is not gorgeous but it's better than acceptable. It's supposed to look muted and sophisticated but it's looking a little worn down.But then we had some problems. The room was overwhelmingly hot and it took them over a day to fix it. With an infant, that wasn't fun. Our cordless phone in the room didn't work at all. The front desk was sometimes unfriendly (eg, stared at me while I was struggling to open the enormous heavy front door with the stroller in tow instead of helping).The worst was room service. The menu is very limited and way overpriced. A tiny steak with some fries was $26. My husband's was way overcooked, and mine was only 2/3 the size of my husband's (and his was tiny). They never brought an extra receipt up so we constantly had to ask for them. A meal of two bowls of oatmeal was $20, seriously. Even though they have a full service restaurant, they would not allow us to order anything except for the very limited number of items from the room service menu. I even asked if we could go down and pick the food up from Cortez (the hotel's restaurant) and I was told no. This issue won't affect most people like it did us. Because we had an infant, we couldn't just run out and grab something to eat. I found the limited menu, extremely high prices, and poor food quality to be a real downer. It definitely negatively affected our experience and we wouldn't come back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	1	5	

<Author>clani
<Content>Nice Hotel in a Great Location We stayed at Hotel Adagio March 24-30 and were impressed by the quality of the room and the professionalism of the staff. The location of the hotel was a convenient striking distance to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, the Richmond district and other neighborhoods. As for the panhandlers, welcome to SF. And as for the noise, just ask for a higher floor. The staff was very accomodating. We stayed in rm. 1403, which was quiet. The work-out room was also one of the best I've every seen at a hotel.The only qualm was there was no fan in the bathroom. No biggie though.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>RLW-SFO
<Content>Not staying there again and Here's why Would I stay there again? No. Would I recommend this hotel? No. Would I say there was anything exceptional? No. Why, you may ask? First, I am used to all types of lodging in hotels, inns, you-name-it, throughout the world. I'm particular but not a fanatic. This hotel would rate maybe 2 stars. The front desk people are nice, but a bit confused. (They initially gave us the wrong reservation printout for another guest without checking, had to be reminded about sending wine to our room, did not give us the proper number of checked-bag receipts, did not call us back about restaurant reservations until asked two times, etc.). They provided bottled water but it was warm and pretty much huddled behind their small desk area while guests had to wait in line. Not a very friendly place to discuss one's needs. The front lobby: Okay, but a bit worn and tired. You sit on the sofa or in the chair and you immediately sink in, not in a good way. Even the front doors of the hotel need refurbishing. The free coffee is a nice touch, but the hot water container was bone dry. Just a little lack of attention here. The room was clean, but not really clean. Towels were scratchy and not new or felt good. Shower head was good, but the shower curtain was old fashioned. Toilet seat had a stain on it. Bottom sheet was lumpy at the end of the bed. Sofa bed was not made up and when it was there was no blanket. No turn-down service. TV had fits when it ran different hues of color. All bar extras were overpriced (Snickers bar for $2.17). Restaurant downstairs Cortez needs a make-over. Curtains stained. Smells stale. Food service spotty. Food is so-so, nothing Wow about it. Mushy crab cake, chintzy glass of wine overpriced, no real theme that made sense. Hostess kept us waiting 15 minutes for our reservation without asking us if we wanted a drink or letting us know what's up. Server forgot wine with meal. Entry door needs refinishing. Parking is $33 overnight. Bellman are helpful, but didn't offer ice or anything for our suite. Loud fans in room. Light comes through bottom of door so it lights up room in the dark. Windows not clean. You might wonder why an older hotel like this is being touted as being so wonderful in this forum? Beats me! I've stayed in Holiday Inns that were more together. Not that the staff wasn't nice, it's just that the attention to detail is lacking. Don't pay more than $200 for a room here if you really want to stay. And if you bring your laptop, you will pay for WiFi as well.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>tmbl
<Content>Small room, old hotel, bad service Booked a junior suite and it was so much smaller than the pic on the website! Bathroom looked old, and smelled. Staff didnt care about anything. The morning and afternoon coffee service were frequently just left empty. Member of Joie de Vivre loyalty club, didnt get any of the perks supposedly offered.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smokee55
<Content>Excellent Hotel       This is in the lobby, looks just as nice in person  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Biztraveler55
<Content>Oasis in San Francisco for business traveler I've been a regular at the Adagio for over four years. I travel to San Francisco frequently for business and find the Adagio to be my business home away from home! The front desk staff is always courteous and goes above and beyond to meet my needs. I often host team meetings and everyone enjoys the stay. The rooms are very well appointed for the business traveler with comfortable beds, spacious work desks and reliable intenet connection. The hotel is convenient to Union Square and a host of excellent restaurants. I also bring my family along for weekend stay overs and find the hotel to be just as accomodating for personal stays as well as business travel. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a break from staying at big hotel chains.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cerwen
<Content>Great experience I arrived at Hotel Adagio on the evening of February 29 and was immediately taken care of by the front desk staff. The young man asked if I needed the double-double that was reserved in my name, as they had a nice, large King they could put me into instead. I took the King and did not regret my decision. I was in room 511. It was huge, clean and well-appointed. There was no view to speak of, which was fine with me, as I prefer quiet over scenery.My 3 night stay was a great experience. My room was well taken care of by the housekeeping staff and the rest of the staff did everything they could to make my stay a pleasant one.I had a great rate that I booked on their site that was much cheaper than comparable hotels in the Union Square area.I would recommend this hotel to friends, family and colleagues.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DosJumboMargaritas
<Content>Pleasant Surprise I needed a place to stay in SF for a conference. My previous trips were designed for pleasure, so I stayed closer to Fisherman's Wharf and some of the other 'tourist' areas. I knew nothing about the place other than a friend saying, try the Adagio. So I suggested it to the Travel Agent and presto, I arrived to a very nice little Hotel. My room was very big for just me and the ameneties hit the spot. Free internet, nice bed, clean bathroom  helpful staff all worked out very well. The large windows were very nice and my view from the 14th floor worked out well. The A/C unit extending into the room was kinda funny, but manageable. If you're looking for a small, chic hotel in the theatre disctrict, near Moscone center, this will work out for you!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Mintern
<Content>Fabulous San Fran ... even in the rain!!!!! What a little gem! Loved absolutely everything about the Hotel Adagio - location, staff, amenities, decor ... well, except for the a/c unit in the middle of the bay window (but it's an old building) and the light fixtures that look like someone over-ordered and didn't know what to do with all the shades (lol)! We have stayed in many 5 star chain hotels and Hotel Adagio felt so much more personal on every level. The bar and Cortez restaurant were buzzing with locals both Fri.  Sat. nights and that alone speaks to the reputation of the catering side of the hotel - great martinis and fabulous food. We will certainly be back the next time we visit SFO. Just be wary which way you exit the hotel - left to the theatre district, shopping, tourist attractions, etc., BUT right is on the fringe of where the less fortunate make their home .......  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SophieJane
<Content>Clean, Great Location, but not worth the money This hotel had friendly staff, clean rooms, and great bedding. The drawback is the AC unit going out a pipe in the window, with the window having to be open for this to happen. The noise on Geary Street is unbearable, with a nightclub lineup on the sidewalk almost all night, and many drunks shouting and singing 'til dawn. Also every smoker forced to be outside for a cigarette, chose to smoke below our windows, and our room was constantly full of smoke. The price for our room was exorbitant with these consideration. I left before my husband, and when he checked out he was charged for honor-bar items that we did not consume. He paid because he supposed it was me who was not there to say it wasn't. I find that sloppy. Also our bathroom wall had some sort of stain near the toilet, that continued to exist the whole stay. I would assume that cleaning staff should also wash walls when one is paying way over $200/night for a noisy room. And no, I did not bring any of this to the attention of the hotel, since it was a business convention that brought us there, and the room was arranged by head office, even though we were paying. We also knew that the hotel was full, and it would not be possible to move us.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MimmyD
<Content>Lovely Hotel, but Big Issue I WOULD have rated this place Above average - Excellent, but after checkout, my husband realized he'd left his most valued set of single earrings in the bathroom. We also left some camera supplies. When I called to report this, they were understanding and cooperative, and indeed sent us the camera supplies (case  contents). There was never any success with the earrings, however. No confirmation that they were there; though we were/are positive. This is a loss of sentimental value, one of the earrings was a diamond, and most of the others probably cannot be replaced. It completely overshadowed all the lovely things about this hotel. Yes, we were wrong and failed to pack our things - not an uncommon oversight for travelers; but how a hotel houskeeping staff deals with exactly this kind of occurrence is something that separates them from the others.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Twinzin00
<Content>A great place in the Theatre District Going to a show in San Francisco or simply want to shop in Untion Square? Well the Hotel Adagio is the place to stay. Centrally located in the theatre district (a block up from the Curran Theatre) it's a great boutique hotel. Quiet, reasonably priced and excellent staff made our 1 night stay a wonderful getaway. From the moment we walked in the staff was pleasant, helpful and our room (recently remodeled) was quiet and cozy. It was walking distance to our show - Jersey Boys at the Curran Theatre - and to the great shops in Union Square. Given the price, location and quality, i'll stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>planotxdawg
<Content>Nice, but marred by rude staff Hotel Adagio is a small hotel located near Union Square. The lobby was small but nicely decorated. David, working at the front desk, managed to immediately insult me when we were trying to check in when he said how much he hated his home town, which happened to also be mine. (Each staff member at the desk had a little sign that showed where they were from.) After that, he entered my credit card info incorrectly, which caused my card to be denied. His attitude about this embarrassed me greatly. When he was confronted with the fact that HE was the reason my card was denied, he said it was the computer's fault and never apologized. When we complained to management however, he was made to call us and apologize - for what that was worth. Jason, the bellman, was wonderful and tried his best to make up for the rude behavior of David. Our room was nice enough, but the internet connection did not work, our clock radio was malfunctioning and would just randomly turn on and off, and our sink could not be plugged. I would probably not have had a single complaint about this hotel, even with the small issues in the room, if the first person I spoke to when I entered was not so rude to me. First impressions are important.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	3	2	

<Author>thatdog
<Content>Quite Nice We enjoyed this hotel immensely. It is filled with many pleasant details and a decor that is representative of a unique, boutique hotel. The visually pleasing amenities are backed up by good customer service. The hotel exceeded our expectations - I have no complaints.Some details:Pleasant decor throughoutThe room looks like the one in photosWell-stocked honor barPrice of our stay included valet parkingQuiet - even on Geary StreetGraciously accommodated our request for a lower floorGood location near Union Square, ACT, Curran TheaterI would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nannymaine
<Content>The Best Of The Best My family and I go to San Francisco every 4 months. Over the summer I came across the Hotel Adagio and joined their Joy of Life Club to get the awsome discount on the room. Honestly they have exceeded my expectations evrey time I have stayed there.  The staff is truely FABULOUS! They make you feel like the most important guest in the hotel. They will go out of their way to make sure you are taken care of with such a pleasant attitude. As a club memeber you have treats waiting for you in your room such as wine, chocolates, bottled water..what ever you choose at the time of booking. Also they have a hand written card welcoming you to the hotel along with a phone call from the front desk after you get settled in your room to see if you need anything at all. You are very well taken care of.They are top notch!The rooms are nicely decorated, comfy, and very clean. This is the ONLY hotel I will stay at in the City. You are close to Union Square and the large Malls, all with in walking distance. Everyone I have refered to Hotel Adagio says the same things that I have...How Impressed they were with the hotel and the staff.Try it out for yourself...I am sure you will be very pleased.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LinGrad
<Content>Luxury hotel experience in the San Francisco Theater District       Lobby of the Hotel Adagio  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>A very average experience  Aside from the huge AC unit in the middle room with a giant hose extended through the window and little pieces of cut-up foam as sound barriers (keep in mind the window is open and you're on Geary) this is an OK hotel. A lot of money was spent on the lobby and restaurant; the room decor is pretty average, however. Nothing uber stylish or memorable but fine. This building is very old and I guess they did the best with what they had. I don't think I'd spend $200 again, however, to stay here.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karenjchackett
<Content>Hotel Adagio - Elegant home away from home... Don't even entertain the thought of another hotel. Convenience - absolutely...imagine luxury, swank accomodations steps, yes STEPS from the best theatre and retaurants in the city. Imagine a staff that says yes to your every request, that not only meets your expectation but predicts and satisfies it before you've thought it. And this is nothing compared to the style you're surrounded with here. Sleek rooms. Whether we've stayed in the 'regular' (far exceeding any 'regular' before) to the suites, I have been more than satisfied, but overjoyed at the mood attention to detail puts me in. This is Hotel Adagio. I'm almost reluctant to give so glowing a review to keep my glorious, luxurious secret a secret, but the cat should be out of the bag - it's too wonderful not to recommend. I'm not a paid sponsor, but a completely loyal customer and after 10+ stays every one is better than the last. I'm picky - we travel frequently and far. We live in the wine country - only an hour from the city so if we're going, we expect the best. Hands down, Hotel Adagio is it. Nothing compares.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvvegan
<Content>Love this place! This was my first stay at a joie de vivre hotel, and found the Adagio to be above and beyond my expectations. The staff is awesome and very accomodating. We arrived early from out of town and straggled into the hotel at 11am straight from the airport. They let us check in early! We had a queen room with a view out across geary and the city - awesome. Very clean, very comfortable and the room service food was excellent. The hotel is just a few blocks away from Powell and Union Square and theatre district - an easy and smooth walk. Yes, there are panhandlers, but this is San Francisco and that's a fact of life. Having lived in the city for many years I offer this advice to out of towners: a) keep a wad of dollar bills in your outer coat pocket and give one whenever you feel moved. Remember, you are sleeping in a warm great hotel - the homeless population sleeps outside in the cold! or b) ignore the panhandlers and quickly walk around them. Your choice.Back to the hotel - it's really great. We loved the morning paper, the morning and evening coffee/tea downstairs, the fruit bowl, the scent of the aromatherapy candles in the lobby/sitting area. We ran out of time to eat at the Cortez, but it looked great, was always packed, and has a great decor. Definitely stay at this hotel if you have a chance! It has a really nice subtle trendy international vibe. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tedsimmons
<Content>Very nice My wife is picky about hotels and not easily impressed. The lobby was a good start-- easy on the eye, jazzy techno in the background. The staff was friendly and helpful with hints like don't waste your time at Pier 39. But when the missus entered our room, she exclaimed: Oh, hell yes. Cool furniture, nice bed and bathroom. Plenty of space. There was even a small couch and an i-pod adapter on the nightstand. I'd done well picking this place.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>momflee
<Content>Great Thanksgiving weekend! Very nice hotel, beautiful lobby. Very nice and spacious rooms. Centrally located, easy to get around. Good service.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shanehoustonlittle
<Content>Stayed Again...Restaurant is even better :) I stay here for the great central location on Geary ... Its in between the start and end of the Love Fest every year... The large room was great...the bed is great...the bathroom is OK :) The service was more on this year...Will definitely keep this as my hotel of choice in San Francisco...  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RozAus
<Content>Great stay A great hotel. Stayed 2 nights after booking on hotwire which is about 1/3 of the price! Great staff, awesome bar and food. 3 blocks from Union Square but beware there about 100 bums between the hotel and union square. They seem harmless though. Liked the hotel a lot.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJDxMKD
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Location Stayed for 3 nights at the Adagio in Sept '07. Easy to find, near union square. Easy to walk (i.e. flat land) walk to Union Square, the Ferry Building, Embarcadero, Fisherman's Wharf. The service at the door and desk were very attentive, the hotel has current hip, modern, minimalist feel. Very nice reception and lobby (not the grand lobbies you'd see at some of the more elaborate hotels, but nice nonetheless). We had a room 14th floor, not much of a view, but was quiet (some review mentioned noise from the restaurant, no such problems on 14). We didn't spend alot of time in the room, but when we did it was very comfortable. Had dinner at Cortez one night, it was very nice, right up our ally in terms of type of food and quantity (we basically sat in the lounge and ordered several of the tapas style plates and some cocktails.) In a real expensive city, the Adagio was reasonable (our package included free parking ($35 a night cost) that we got from Visa.com as one of the benefits of a Visa Signature card, check it out) and a great location. Would definately recommend to others if you are looking for a stylish hotel near Union Square (you certainly pay a premium for a boutique style hotel, but no as much as the Clift or some of the Kimpton hotels in the area (in reality, I was between some of the Kimpton Hotels and the Adagio, but the free parking put it over the top.)) Some have complained about the homeless in the area, but the reality is that we saw homeless people everywhere we went in SanFran, seems to be a popular place for homelessness (given real estate prices, I can understand why). Give the Adagio a try, you'll be happy.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SDallas
<Content>Great location, great price This hotel is near Hotel Monaco and the Clift Hotel and Union Square. It has a fun, modern, boutique feel at half the price. You do have to walk over to the Redwood Room at the Clift Hotel, which is currently my favorite bar on the PLANET. It's in gorgeous red wood, and art (on screens/ projections) that rotates around the room- Gustav Klimt's work was moving around when we were there, but apparently it changes artists as the night goes on. The Redwood Room is the bar for Asia de Cuba restaraunt, and you can get food at the bar. Yum. Blackberry margarita good, too. Sit in the Alice in Wonderland chair in the lobby. The Hotel Monaco is worth a walk through, also. Very pretty. Go across the street to Swig for live music. Sunday night is easier to get in, apparently, and it's an open jam session. Pretty fun. Sushi San Raku (sp) is also good. Sushi is a must have in San Fran as it is super fresh.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>brown801
<Content>Comfortable and convenient Very comfortable corner room. It felt like home for our 5 day stay. The location near Union Square was great for us and it had resonably priced overnight parking. Lots of natural light and a comfortable king bed. The things we didn't like; the TV in a box. The sound from the back of the TV was trapped in the box and sounded terrible. And breakfast at the hotel restaurant, it was terrible and overpriced. There's a great family diner across the street for breakfast. The staff was really nice and we enjoyed the tea/lemonaide in the lobby. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>monkey11Uk
<Content>Right in the heart of San Fran This boutique hotel is a great place to explore SF for a few days. It is right in the edge of union square and tenderloin so make sure you turn left out of the hotel and not right! The restaurant here is also surprisingly good but not cheap. The staff are very friendly and willing to help you out.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jantoniou
<Content>Nice, retro feel Hotel       Shot of the Adagio room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dieterella
<Content>coolest hotel in san francisco, union square we had a wonderful time in the city and the hotel adagio was in the perfect location for every activity union square has to offer. our meal at the hotel's restaurant was superb and the amenities and staff were wonderful. thanks.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janeyToronto_Canada
<Content>Good Location, Nice Decor The hotel had a nice contemporary decor. The 2 queen room was spacious compared to others we have stayed in. Little noise, other than garage pick up in the alley woke us early in the morning one day. Located just up the street from Union Square. The coffee/tea/juice offered in the lobby at various times was a nice touch. Breakfast at Sears Fine Foods on Powell St. was good. Busy place, so try to get there early. However, there are lots of tables so the line moves quickly. If you want a lighter/quicker breakfast (bagel, muffin, croissant) Cup-a-Joe on Sutter St. had very good coffee. Max's Restaurant was good for lunch or dinner, just 2 blocks down from the hotel toward Union Square. Our favourite restaurant was the Cheesecake Factory located on top of Macy's (across from Union Square). Expect a wait. We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>NWSouthernBelle
<Content>Loved Hotel Adagio! First time booking with Expedia on a recent trip to San Francisco and was not really sure what to expect but our expectations were surely exceeded! Our flight plans remained exactlly as requested and our stay at The Hotel Adagio was wonderful. The hotel was a very quaint boutique style building, clean, great location, along with a very accommodating and friendly staff. Great places to eat and shop nearby and Adagio staff will gladly make any reservations for you from dining to day trips as well as offer helpful recommendations for getting to know the city if you are first timers to San Fran as we were. First Crush and Calibri's were two great restaurants Adgio staff suggested and we were very impressed as well as a day trip to Sasalito/ Muir Woods which they booked for us. I would highly recommend this hotel to couples or adults. As far as Expedia, we were also satisfied; I would just take time to confirm your travel plans with your hotel or airline and there should be no problems.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Adagio is alright Just returned from a 5 night stay for business at the Adagio. If you are looking for transportation from SFO airport, go through Lorries door to door shuttle service. It was $14 one way for one person and it took less than 30 minutes. The Adagio rooms were nice, but did not have AC. Although the weather is much cooler than most cities it can still get a little warm if you are used to always having the AC on. The rooms do, however, come with high speed fans.Complimentary wired internet is in the rooms and worked very well. The fitness room onsite was decent and open 24hrs.The restaurant, Cortez, in the lobby was not that great. The continental buffet for $14 is not worth it. You are better off walking 1 block to Dotties True Blue Cafe (seriously good food!). There is usually a line in the mornings so get there when it opens at 730am (wed thru mon). You will definitely eat here more than once.If I go back to San Fran I will stay across the street at the Hotel Monaco a Kimpton Hotel. It is much nicer and has a better overall package than the Adagio.Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>Robbe
<Content>Friendly well-placed hotel We stayed at the Adagio at the beginning of August. It's very well placed for visiting San Francisco and the receptionists were very helpful about giving addresses for restaurants. The room was big and the bed was comfortable although I thought the bathroom wasn't really up to the standard of the bedroom itself. My husband and I were at the back of the hotel so it was quiet but my eldest daughter was at the front where it was noisier. One night she was woken by one of the many homeless who was singing at the top of his voice. Free tea, coffee and lemonade in the lobby is great. The breakfast was a bit expensive but you can always go out and have breakfast in one of many restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>nyangel1227
<Content>no AC! This was our first trip to san francisco. the hotel is close to the train and cable cars, and you can easly walk everywhere, but the area is dirty. there were lots of homeless people on the streets in front of the hotel, more than other places. some were getting pushy when we walked in the evening. they followed us until we gave them money. Please don't think that I am green and that's why I am writing a negative review. I live in Manhattan and walk the NY streets everyday. We were happy about the hotel in general. the rooms were clean and nicely decorated. having free coffe in the morning was a plus. there was no AC in the rooms. we were told only the executive suites have them. It was so hot. we had to keep the windows open and the noise from the streets was so loud that it kept waking us up. especially at 5 am when the garbage trucks passed by and all the deliveries happened. there is no AC in the gym either. it gets pretty hot in there, especially when you are running.overall, if you have the option, stay at the wharf or little italy area. It's much nicer and cleaner there.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>clipshowmaven
<Content>Great service I stayed there with my sister, my mom and my 5 year old - and we all loved it. The rooms were big and the service was warm, friendly and efficient - the hotel service hat trick! Good location, just a couple of blocks from Union Square.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>THPPFT
<Content>Great Room for the Price Booked 3 nights for a business conference at $149. Checked in at 2pm and was offered a larger room than I had paid for but on the second floor right above the restaurant and lobby (#204). Despite my reservations about that location the room was quite large and quieter than I expected, large bathroom, double windows to seal out the street noise, windows on two sides facing north and northeast so the room didn't heat up much during the day. No AC in the rooms, just a ceiling fan which moved the air quite well so no need to have windows open at night.. Decor is '70s browns and beiges but in good condition and clean. Staff was as friendly as anyplace I've been and locals told me the captive restaurant, Cortez, is decent 'tho I didn't try it. Only downsides: Tenderloin district is seedier than ever, with open drug deals on the streets at night just a block away,; and, they charged $2 for what I assumed were comp coffee packets - no warning (there's free coffee in the lobby). I'd certainly stay again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>kimz0519
<Content>Convenient and comfortable, although the staff weren't the best       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>AZJess921
<Content>Loved the Adagio!       Room 1111 from a different angle  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PhilBermuda
<Content>No airconditioning and bland rooms Checked in at a crowded reception area and went up to a bland room on the first floor. There was no airconditioning. Only executive level rooms possess this, I was told, but there were none left so I couldn't upgrade. I'll check out I told the unsympathetic and uncaring front desk clerk, even though I had earlier been informed of there being no rebate on this prepaid stay. I was still going to 'go' as I didn't want to put the fan on and open the windows and listen to the panhandlers and traffic. Then a lady manager met us at the elevator and she was concerned about any charge of false representation I may have levelled. She offered assistance in finding alternative accomodation and gave me a full refund.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>lovendasun
<Content>Hip  This was my 2nd visit to the Adagio and I was thoroughly pleased once again. My stay started on July 6th and lasted one night. My first time, I stayed with 2 friends, this visit was a romantic evening for my boyfriend and I. I stay up in SF 8-10 times a year, for business and leisure. I mostly priceline rooms last minute and have stayed at everything from the Four Seasons to the Pickwick (ew). I had forgotten about this little gem in the theatre district, and stumbled upon it while walking up the street a few weeks before to a dinner party. This hotel is part of the Joie de Vivre hotel group, which specializes in boutique hotels, located mostly in SF. I booked this hotel through their website because it offered the best rate (better than expedia, hotels.com, travelocity, kayak, etc.). And just for fun I tried the hotel matchmaker on the site, which was kinda cool. I paid $165. Nowhere else in SF will you get such luxurious accommodations for this price. The value is beyond compare.To begin, the parking is right next to the property. The hotel is in a beautiful historic building but has been refurbished. The dramatic wood front doors swing open to a fresh, modern lobby that exudes comfort and warmth. Check-in was a breeze and our Executive King Corner room was immaculate. This hotel also has the BEST minibar in any hotel I have ever stayed in. Full size treats and 1/2 litres of vodka and wine are available and not stupidly overpriced. The decor resonates the same influence as the lobby, and uses rich colors to create a serene environment. Oh, the bed was amazing. Full, fluffy pillows, a supportive, contouring mattress and soft sheets. I have read the other reviews about complaints of noise from the bar across the street late at night, but if you close the double paned windows, you hear nothing. The occaisional chairs were also exceptionally comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and the shower had a window with a great view of downtown (so does the room). While the room isn't huge, its roomy enough and furniture is thoughtfully placed so that you don't have to dodge it to move around. Check-out the next morning was a breeze and the valet was quick. The desk staff during check-out was exceptional.Now, the bar (which is called the Cortez and adjacent to the restaurant with the same name). Great selection of mixed drinks and champagne by the glass. I understand the wine list is exceptional as well, but we didn't see it. Service was swift and pleasant. There is a proper bar and small tables and a long banquette with tables and comfy chairs surrounding it. The decor is more dramatic here, with lowered lighting and rich colors. There is also a bar across the street called Swig that is worth a visit: In the evening hours it's a great place to start your night off and gets more lively after dinner.On this particular visit, we did not eat at the Cortez, but on my first visit I tried it out. The food and service were great... to this day I remember the fries and hangar steak as being delicious (which is a feat because I am not a meat 'n' potatoes girl). Anyway, the restaurant is mixed mediterranean and served small plate style, which is great to share and also nice on the waistline!Finally the location. This is in the theatre district. Its not Pac Heights so yes you will walk along the streets and see homeless people. But it's safe enough that I would walk alone at night and it is so convenient to Union Square, loads of great restaurants, lounges, bars and entertainment venues!I am definitely staying here when I am in SF from now on, no more priceline! :)  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CZNPFP
<Content>A great hotel in San Francisco: Great price, great location, great service Last week, My extended family and I stayed at the Adagio Hotel in San Francisco for a week. What a positive and great surprise it was! The value for the money is unsurpassed (I did a bit of negotiation after researching well--so be advised you need to do your homework first!). The location is perfect: two blocks from Union Square, amidst great restaurants, both expensive and cheap, and only a block away from a rental car agency. Although I did not necessarily required a lot of assistance, the hotel's personnel were always curteous and willing to help. The rooms are very comfortable and decorated tastefully and minimally. Very clean. Great sound system. Although it did not have a view of the city, it did not matter. I fully recommend the Adagio for your next stay in San Francisco. Try it, you will be pleasantly surprised.Adriana Medina  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awltse
<Content>Impressed by this hotel! I stayed at Hotel Adagio for two nights during Memorial Weekend.Rooms weren't available until 3 pm so the hotel reception was more than happy to hold onto our luggage. When I checked-in, I was given a corner room. What a space?! Comfy beds, lots of windows, standard desk for my laptop and the room faced the front of the hotel. The hotel lobby had a rich scent of coconut/vanilla. I swore if they had a bed there, I would sleep there. I do wish they that would've brought some of those colors used to accentuate the lobby into the rooms. Overall, pleasant experience. Free coffee/tea every morning!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LMCLILLY
<Content>Adagio- FANTASTIC I could not have been happier with our 4 day stay at Adagio this past week. The hotel was great. Modern, swanky and comfortable, but not over the top. Excellent location within walking distance to trolley and BART. Close to Union Square. Lots of good restaurants nearby, even good budget places to eat are close.The room was spacious and comfortable with a desk/chair AND a reading area, two CD players (one was a BOSE system that you could hook your IPOD up to) nice bathroom ammeneties and a relatively reasonable mini bar (yes, I mean it).I travel a great deal for work and generally find myself in hotels along the lines of Intercon, Ritz Carlton and such... so my standards for service are relatively high. Adagio, though a relatively budget priced hotel (in my opinion) lived up to EVERY standard of service I expect from the 5 stars I'm accustomed to staying in, even though they are not considered a 5 star hotel. In fact, I would take it a step further and say- Adagio did BETTER than some 5 stars- by being GENUINELY glad to serve and ready with a smile at all times. They make you feel completely welcome.In fact, when the front desk staff found out we were celebrating our anniversary, they sent flowers, champagne, a candle and chocolates to the room. *People- listen up- I paid like $170 a night to stay here WITH parking- I've stayed in $600 a night hotels that did not do that for me on a special occasion.* To say I was shocked is an understatement. THATS how much they care about their guests!There is not a SINGLE thing that I could complain about, without being extremely petty. Now- if you're considering SF- I'm telling you- you CANT go wrong by staying with the Adagio. You'll be in good hands.Thanks Adagio for making my stay FIVE STAR all the way.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kissedbythesuntanner
<Content>The Best Kept Secret in SF.....VIP Treatment We came to the Adagio to celebrate our 12th wedding anniversary and the staff made our stay wonderfully perfect. I had called in advance to let them know we we鈥檙e celebrating our anniversary and they were so accommodating . Nitra had champagne delivered to our room upon arrival with a dessert plate that was absolutely beautiful. They supplied robes (which are standard in their 1 king bed?) Anyhow, the robes are a nice touch. If you join the Joy of Life Clue its well worth it. Upon arrival you鈥檒l have a treat waiting for you in your room:) A news paper is delivered every morning. The Restaurant on site is really nice. The beds are wonderful. Plenty of fluffy pillows and the sheets are like clouds. The location is wonderful. Its kitty-corner from the Curan Theater (Jersey Boys was playing). Plenty of places to eat and easy to get around. We would come back to the Adagio for our next stay in the city and recommend it to our family and friends.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MSPXelaforNow
<Content>Huge Rooms The Adagio occasionaly has good deals on rates. The room I got was huge, especially by San Fran standards. The decor is a little bland, but it is a very decent place to stay.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dahrock
<Content>Exceptional Hotel in San Francisco with Friendly Staff Hotel Adagio is my favorite place to stay in San Francisco. Has reasonable prices, beautiful (and clean) rooms, a lot of amenities, and friendly staff who always have smiles on their faces ready to serve. I've stayed here twice already, and will keep patronizing this hotel everytime I am in town.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bellamom123
<Content>Great value at the Adagio! We stayed a week at the Hotel Adagio (my husband and 17 yr. old daughter) and really enjoyed this hotel. It was our first experience with a boutique hotel and now prefer this over the big hotel stay we usually go for. The lobby is decorated in a modern sleek, decor - somewhat minimalist but fits right into S.F. concept. Don't expect a door man to rush to help you at the curb but if you need one, he will help. Our room was larger than most rooms we have had in bigger chain hotels and the beds were comfortable. We did not have a/c but called the front desk and one was sent up that also masked the city sounds as well. Not as classy as central air but did the job. Maid service was excellent except for 1st day when we complained that bathroom floor wasn't cleaned well. After that everything was spotless for entire stay.  When you come back to the hotel after a day of sightseeing, you are greeted with lemonaide and cookies in the lobby which is a cute touch and in the morning you have free coffee as well. They also have a small restaurant/bar but we enjoyed a popular b'fst site directly across the street that offered anything you could ever want very reasonable. Location was fantastic, but homeless people did bother us but they are everywhere in S.F. so I don't think the location of hotel was to blame. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Warwickfamily
<Content>Nice hotel and location - restaurant closed We had 3 nights in the Adagio at the start of our Complete North America flydirve western tour. The location is great just a couple of blocks down from Union Square, although I don't think you would want to wander too far in the other direction at night. The rooms were very good, great size and good amenities. Staff were very friendly and helpful, giving good advice for places to see and eat. We had fantastic time looking around San Fran and using this as our base.The one complaint was that the restaurant and bar was closed for rennovation and the reopening seemed to be long overdue. This means you have a large number of guests taking their complimentary continental breakfast in a small lobby with a handful of chairs. Hopefully the new restaurant will be good. The quality of the pecan nut pastries for breakfast was particularly notable!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Olliepop
<Content>Could have been better I really wanted to like this hotel as it had a cool lobby, nicely appointed rooms, and a good location, but there were a few spots that they could improve upon. The restaurant was closed for renovation, which we did not know until checking in. This was a real disappointment and this meant there was also no room service. The hallway I was on had a strong incense-like smell that was not pleasant. It appears no one had cleaned under our beds in quite awhile: definite dust bunnies or something and an empty water bottle. I did like that you receive a free bottle of water upon check-in; it's a nice touch. Two windows in the room were already opened when we got up to the room so there just seems to be a lack of attention to detail in the housekeeping department. Parking prices were quite reasonable and the valet service was welcomed. There is a good little dessert spot down the street named David's.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>albertanprincess
<Content>Second time at the Adagio This was the second time I have stayed at that Adagio. I returned after having such a great experience the first time and was not disappointed. The hotel is well located about 2 1/2 blocks from Union Square on Geary Street, which is a main drag running through Union Square. The hotel itself is stylish and minimalistic without being cold; the staff friendly and accommodating. We had originally booked a king room, and when we were given the key to a double, I called down to the front desk. Within 5 minutes we were installed in the new room and a bottle of wine was brought up to us to apologize for our inconvenience. Little things like that make all the difference! The hotel's restaurant is closed for renovations at the moment, but we didn't notice. The staff provided a continental breakfast with tea, coffee, juice, pastries, muffins and fruit all complimentary. It was a lovely stay and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Indianaman
<Content>Loud and fading! I have stayed at this hotel three times in the past 2 years on business. Good location. Hotel just seems to be getting a little tired. Awful shower head and NEVER had really hot water. Bathrooms are all small and dreary.No AC or ventilation -so room was always still and warm. It is always NOISY at this hotel. With a popular bar directly across the street, and California no smoking ordinances in effect, people congregate on the street. It is not uncommon to hear bar patrons shouting and yelling on the street and crashing glass throughout the night. Throughout all of my stays here I am always awakened by LOUD garbage trucks dumping the glass and bar waste at 4am but accept it as a big city kind of thing. This is not an elegant, quiet, demure location.Every time I am here there is a restaurant problem. This time closed for renovations Valet parking is FAST and convenient.Negotiate a rate! I noticed completely different rates on my sign in form at check in. The clerk apologized at the rate differences and told me the computer is set to have automatic escalating rates for weekdays and weekends! She adjusted it.Prior to confirming a reservation I negotiated parking and the room for a good rate. Via telephone to reservations I played three SF hotels (Diva, Triton and Adagio) as well as expedia rates against each other to get a great rate. Parking can be expensive so negotiate it.I would probably stay here again (Crash!!) if the rate is good.(Crash!!)  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Carline
<Content>Large comfortable rooms in good location Stayed here at the end of Feb for 2 nights. We had a large double room with all the amenities you would expect. Friendly staff, good location, bottle of water when you check in  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MrMash
<Content>Pleasantly surprised, would go again I stayed for 2 days on a business trip and would definitely go back again. It's funny how the simplest things can make for a pleasant stay- like a free bottle of water when you check in and reliable free high-speed internet. I also liked that I could plug my iPod into the stereo system. The restaurant was closed for renovations when I was there so I have no comments on that, but the rooms were very comfortable and the bathroom was huge. A good place to grab a bite and a coffee for breakfast is Cup-A-Joe on Sutter  Leavenworth (slightly uphill). If you feel like living dangerously Edinburgh Castle is probably the best dive bar ever built and it's a short (but dicey) walk west on Geary.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>sabinaa
<Content>Good Price for great room We stayed at the Adagio one night in February to watch Beach Blanket Babylon, which is just a few minutes away from the Hotel. The Hotel Rooms were nice and clean, the beds were super comfortable and the design and style had a real modern, yet cozy touch. The lobby is large with plenty of seating for breaks and lounging. The Hotel staff was professional and helpful. There is no terrace, exercise or pool facility. Smokers stand outside on the street as there is no designated smoking area. All in all, the Hotel was worth its price for SF standards. The one thing that disappointed me was our waitress at the Cortez Restaurant, which is in the same building on the first floor. I asked for a refill on water and she forgot. I kindly asked her again and she gave me an attitude, saying, Mam', I will get your water in a minute, ok? Still, I didn't get any water. Finally, I asked the bust boy and he brought me water. Later, when we ordered a cocktail, the waitress again gave me an attitude, talking to me as if I was a nuance. For the money we left there, I didn't need to have that. She was simply arrogant and rude and people like her shouldn't be allowed to work in a restaurant like this. We will never eat there again for that reason! Other than that, our stay was wonderful and I would chose the Adagio again for our SF stay.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MChiddy
<Content>2nd Stay wasn't that great.... My husband and I spent two nights at the Hotel Adagio this past weekend, after having a really nice one night stay late last year. We were planning to visit their tapas restaurant Cortez this time, but it was closed due to some sort of major underground plumbing issue. Our room was nice enough, 6th floor, view facing a brick wall on the back side of the building (it sounds boring, but was nice and quiet with very little street noise). We like the Hotel Adagio for the modern decor, bathroom supplies, bed, cleanliness, etc. Everything was fine until Saturday morning. There didn't seem to be any hot water, even after running the tap for awhile (sometimes older buildings have issues, so I was being optimistic). Anyhow, we finally decided that there wouldn't be any hot water, so we called the front desk. They told us that it was a problem with the water pump and someone was working on it, but had no idea when it would be fixed. The person on the phone didn't seem very interested in explaining the problem to me, or very concerned either. Eventually, after a few hours the hot water was back. But not for long.....We got back to the hotel from an afternoon of shopping, wanting to freshen up before dinner and found that there wasn't any hot water again. We called the front desk and they told us there was still a problem with the water pump and it was being looked at again. Again, they didn't seem too concerned or apologetic which we found really annoying. We never did get any hot water and had to suffer with ice cold water (not fun!). Sunday was a little better, one out of two of us had a hot shower which was an improvement. We were never offered any kind of 'perk' for the inconvenience, just a half-hearted sorry about that. We weren't expecting to be comped for the two night stay, but perhaps a voucher for a future discount, or maybe comped parking. Most of the staff was pretty indifferent to the problem, and we were really disappointed at their attitude.Anyhow, in the future we will not be choosing the Hotel Adagio, opting for another of the many boutique hotels in SF.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>liltexas72
<Content>Great Place for the Price! This was a great hotel for the price! My boyfriend and I visited over the weekend. The modern furnishings were great and the lobby was a lovely introduction after a delayed flight! The hotel is centrally located by Union Square which makes it easy to catch cabs and hop on the trolley. We did not spend much time in our room because we were too busy enjoying the city. I highly reccomend this hotel if you are a young couple traveling without children. Yes there wasn't any air conditioning but it's San Francisco people... it's cold there. Open the windows and turn on the ceiling fan. The room itself was nicely sized and well decorated. If you are looking for a romatic weekend barricaded in your hotel room then this might not be the hotel for you. However if you are visting San Francisco and want a boutique type feel for a great price then this is the place!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ElenaAP
<Content>Good for business trips I've stayed at the Hotel Adagio twice now, both trips for business purposes. The rooms are good-sized and equipped with internet access and all the amenities you鈥檇 need for a successful business trip. The d茅cor is fine, and the staff friendly.In terms of location, it is near Union Square and the Tenderloin. I prefer the Adagio to other hotels in the area because it is seemingly in a safer location (isn鈥檛 it ironic how if you simply turn the wrong corner you鈥檙e suddenly in a less favorable area??) There is plenty of mass-market shopping and reasonable dining nearby, and cabs come through quickly enough to whisk you away to other neighborhoods if desired.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>davout
<Content>Sound choice for a hotel close to the main shopping My family stayed for three nights, using one double and one twin room.The rooms were comfortable, and reasonably well equipped. Our double room was just about big enough for two adults with two suit cases.Downstairs they have a restaurant and bar that seems to draw a big crowd every night, though it isn't a distraction for hotel guests. The restaurant room is used for breakfast, which is quite good but expensive.The hotel is only 4 blocks from the main shopping in Union Square.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LillemorBerlin
<Content>Very good hotel, great location We have really good experience with all of the Joix de Vivre hotels., but the Adagio was defnetly the best in San Fransisco. Great location for shopping, dinning, bars, public transportation. Easy to walk. Big rooms, friendly stuff. Very nice design, more than I expected for that price (compare the CLIFF, much more expensive!). We would always come back.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wimbrussel
<Content>Good location, friendly staff, nice rooms A good address indeed - excellent beds, well-isolated rooms, friendly staff. The location is top-notch: a five minute walk from Union Square. Book early and keep checking the prices afterwards on the net - we got a serious reduction when the prices dropped in the days before our arrival. On Saturday evening the place turns into a dating spot for overdressed youngsters. Breakfast buffet in the Cortez restaurant downstairs was OK, though the corner diner opposite the hotel lends itself for a more 'typical' experience.I would most certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bfords
<Content>Great Location We recently stayed here with our two young children aged 1 and 7. The hotel is in a really good location for shopping and main sightseeing. This was our second holiday in the city and I thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and the facilities on offer. The area in which the hotel is based is a few blocks away from the (tenderloin district), I felt very safe walking around early evening on my own with my two children, althought I did notice a bigger homless prescence than when we first stayed in the city in 2004. The hotel staff were courteous and the room was in a good condition we were on the 4th floor. Air-con would have been nice and a swimming pool/jacuzzi would have been a great addition to the hotel but there is so much nearby we did not spend much time in the hotel. AVOID the OLYMPIC FLAME CAFE opposite, its really groggy and overpriced. We walked a couple of blocks down to PINECREST on the corner of a block which was really nice, but a little pricey.We would stay here again, just for the location and the price, there are many hotels in San Francisco but I doubt we could have stayed anywhere more central cheaper.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>champ27
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at Adagio My mom, sister, and I just returned from our weekend in San Francisco, staying at Hotel Adagio. We've all been to San Francisco before, and planned to focus this trip on shopping and seeing a few local sights. We all enjoyed the Adagio--the location is great--just a couple blocks up Geary from Union Square and tons of great shopping. The hotel is very clean, retro/hip, and completely adequate for a weekend in San Francisco. We were impressed. We were actually surprised at the relatively low number of panhandlers on this trip as compared to previous visits to the city. Of course there are quite a few around town, but I remember being more shocked on other visits. The hotel is in the theatre district, so I think that is why. Walking up and down Geary was no problem for us, with very few encounters. There are significantly more panhandlers if you go the other way and down Jones to O'Farrell. We walked all over town, hit Chinatown a few times, and took the cablecar to Fisherman's Wharf. I have to mention breakfasts at Segafredo Cafe on Powell just off Union Square. Perfect breakfast place for us--great coffee, good food (smoothies, fruit  yogurt, breakfast bagels, etc), quick and convenient. We're not into the mega-breakfast sit-down scene, yet prefer to actually sit as opposed to grabbing Starbucks and standing on the street. All said, I would recommend Hotel Adagio to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, clean, convenient hotel in the city.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Garuda70
<Content>A great hotel My boyfriend and I stayed in the Hotel Adagio the last weekend of October 06. We reserved a deluxe king corner guest room, which was on the 7th floor. Compared to the last SF hotel I stayed at (Hotel Triton), the room was *huge*. The Joie De Vivre/Hotel Adagio website gave a pretty accurate preview and 360 degree virtual tours of what we could expect with respect to our room, the lobby, etc. Our bathroom was oddly shaped, but was also ginormous compared to what you might expect from an older property. (We theorized our room--which was not a suite--was actually two tiny rooms remodeled into a larger one. Again, this isn't a complaint.) If you're an Aveda user, you'll like the complementary shampoo and soap. ;-) The lobby was very chic and modern, spacious, really quiet, and the staff was friendly enough. PROS*The hotel is super-convenient to Union Square, the fancy new Westfield SF Ctr. with a brand new Bloomingdale's, ritzy food court, and the world famous Nordstrom with the curving escalator. Macy's, Saks Fifth Ave., and Neiman Marcus are only a few blocks away as well.*The Powell St. BART/MUNI station is probably a 7-minute walk to/from the Adagio. This was key for us because we could board the cable cars at Powell St., or take public transportation to the Castro or the Mission District (via BART) or the new DeYoung Museum in Golden Gate Park (via MUNI).*There's FREE WI-FI in the lobby, and FREE internet in the hotel rooms. (They'll even lend you an ethernet cable if you don't have one!) Since paying for internet connectivity at the other chain 4-star hotels annoys me to no end, I am so appreciative of the Adagio's free internet. Additionally, if you didn't bring a laptop, there are 3-4 computer terminals in the business center (really a quiet hallway behind the lobby) which are free for guests to use.*My boyfriend and I didn't take advantage of them, but the Adagio offers several complementary walking tours of SF with fun themes like hidden local cafes and breakfast spots, gay SF, a foodie tour, etc.*The entire property is non-smoking. Hooray. CONS*Not really a criticism of the hotel, but SF's homeless problem is well-documented. The Adagio is in the Theater District (is this a bona fide SF neighborhood, or the tourism board's spin?), which is only a couple blocks from Union Square--but also only a couple blocks from the Tenderloin. We never felt uncomfortable (we're from Seattle, and there's a noticeable homeless presence there too), but really--if you're staying in the city's most popular tourist destination, you should expect that panhandlers will naturally congregate in that area as well. MY TIPS*If you're a light packer, you can take Air BART/BART from Oakland to the Powell St. BART/MUNI station for less than $10 one way. Just be prepared to walk a few generous blocks to/from the hotel. (Believe me, it's an invigorating walk, not the Bataan Death March. Really.)*The Adagio offers free internet connectivity, both wired and wireless. We like free.*There's complementary tea and coffee in the lobby, or you can go a block and a half east to the Starbucks located directly next to the Hotel Diva. There's a Walgreen's less than a block from the hotel.*In the aformentioned Westfield SF Ctr., there's the *world's ritziest food court*, with a reasonably priced food (for SF) and a Beard Papa's (a Japanese chain selling yummy creme puffs), as well as a fancy-schmancy Bristol Farms supermarket.*We bought a 3-day MUNI passport, which costs $18 and gives unlimited MUNI transport. If you factor that round-trip fare on the cable cars = $10, you're already ahead. Also, my pass was good for $2 at the DeYoung Museum.In short, the Adagio was a very clean, spacious, and--dare I say--hip hotel, without much attitude. My BF and I felt we got our money's worth, and would definitely stay there again next time we're in the city.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>honeymoongalore
<Content>Great Stay We stayed here for 4 days right after our wedding. Overall, we loved the hotel - the location was great, the room was very comfortable and the staff was amazing. The staff had a bottle of wine and jelly beans waiting for us when we got there on our first night - given that it was our honeymoon. They were also a great source of great advice about good sightseeing and food options. The hotel is full of nice touches, like free computers with internet access in the lobbey, complimentary tea service in the afternoon, etc.The only negative to this hotel is the bathrooms. While the sink area is lovely and the aveda products are a bonus, the actual tub/toilet area needs a reno big time. Clean but old.Overall - for the price we paid (160/night), I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnkr3
<Content>could be excellent This boutique hotel is very elegant and recently updated. The staff was very polite. Location is very good.But they forgot one thing in their remodeling. The rooms have no A/C. The windows only open up about 2 inches. This is just enough to let in street noise but not much else. I could never get the room to cool down even though the temp was in the 50-60's outside. The designer shower heads are aweful. Water splatters everywhere. Ice has to be delivered by a porter. Fix these problems and you have a four star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NMTravelerr
<Content>Lots of attidue and little service The rooms are nice and well equiped. Location is great. The young staff has lots of attitude and needs a course on providing service. For example when we arrived at the valet area in front of the hotel no one was there. When we entered the front door a passerby on the street opened the door while the front desk folks just watched us carry six bags into the lobby. The service never got any better!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	1	1	4	

<Author>hal9341
<Content>Design oriented boutique We spent 5 nights at the Adagio. We booked an executive corner room. This was touted as having wondeful city views - it didn't! We had a room on the 12th floor at the rear of the building. One side faced a large flat roof and a few apartment blocks. The other actually faced the neighbouring empty building. When this is occupied your neighbours are going to be pretty close and personal! Other than that you should know that this is very much a design led boutique hotel. It's form over function in every respect (and if you like practical over fancy then this place may drive you nuts). The bathroom has lovely Aveda products to use, but the shower is a dud. No settings and not great water pressure. There is no where to have breakfast in the hotel, but there are several options within walking distance. They provide free coffee and tea in the lobby, but not in the evenings (which is just when I fancied a cuppa). Location is OK I guess. It's close to Union Square and near large hotels like the Hilton and Parc55. However, anyone who knows the city will know that these are very close to Tenderloin. This is the city's roughest and most unsavoury area. Adagio is only a block away from all this, so make sure you head towards Union Square everytime you leave the hotel. (Also as an aside, I would say that anyone with kids should to avoid this hotel. There's really nothing there for them.) I have visited the city numerous times and have stayed in quite a few of the hotels. I can't really say that I recommend this hotel to anyone other than young hipster types. Older guests and families just don't quite fit in with the mood of this place.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mattswiss
<Content>Minimal decor/minimal service I stayed at the Adagio for a business trip. The rooms are in a weird brown colour which was a bit depressing. The size of the room was not bad but the bathroom must be from the 60s. The tub is even for a child too small and just simply ridiculous for an adult.Well, I choose this hotel for the location but would not return. I stayed at the Ritz Carlton last time for pleasure and will for sure return to that hotel again. Overall, do not expect anything fancy.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>smeyler
<Content>Good Value at Adagio I booked a room at the Adagio for a single night stay, so I wasn't too worried about it since I figured if it was bad, so what. I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel and the room. The hotel is modern, decorated in muted tones. The lobby area is nice if you have to wait and there is a great bar. I didn't eat at the restaurant, but it looked good. This is San Francisco, however, so I would suggest many other restaurants. Still in a pinch, it looked decent.The room was large ( I had a two bed room). Nicely decorated, again in modern, muted tones. High speed connectivity (not wireless), good working desk, room to move around. For a hotel room in a city, this was really not bad. Fitness center was above average for a hotel. If you were visiting for business, the location might be a bit out of the way but it is very centrally located if you are a tourist.Staff was great, efficient, friendly, helpful. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GMAV
<Content>Nice hotel The Adagio is a nice hotel in an excellent location. We stayed in an Executive Suite as we got a good rate from their website and found the room to be a very good size with a lovely bed, sofa, coffee table etc. The decor was lovely as well, very modern and trendy. Our only disappointment was the dated bathroom! It was small compared to the room and had a tiny tub/sink. We were not impressed by the dismal shower and weird shower curtain! Apart from that, we had a lovely stay. The staff were friendly and helpful. We also liked having free coffee, tea, fruit and fresh lemonade in the lobby every day, thought it was a nice touch. We also had a few drinks in the bar downstairs which is overpriced (like much of san fran) but had a lively atmosphere!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Dianne8868
<Content>Loved it but a bit pricey I stayed at this hotel in September this being my last stop before heading back to the UK. A friend and I managed to get a good deal 3 nights but paying for 2 nights only. We felt the hotel was tastefully decorated and furnished and our room exquisite. We had an honour bar which we did not use.We did not really take advantage of the hotel facilities as we were out sightseeing most of the time and therefore did not use the restaurant and gym. One of the lifts was out of order for the entire 3 nights stay so there was only one working lift which meant you had to wait a while, this wasnt really too much of a problem. The staff all appeared very young but extremely friendly and courteous, a special mention to Anthony the bell man who was helpful when we first arrived. We stayed during Labour Day weekend which meant San Francisco was extremely busy, this coupled with the cooler weather and overcrowded cable cars was quite difficult.The location of the hotel along Geary st is very convenient as it is close to Union Sq the main shopping area with plenty of bars food outlets, clothing and shoe shops. However I felt San Francisco on the whole was extremely expensive and this was reflected in the prices we paid for food, the hotel and travel as compared to other places in California. I probably wouldn't to stay at this hotel again however I had a good experience.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>heathertraveller
<Content>nice place, bad service This hotel is in a great location and the executive-level room was nice and clean. Unfortunately, the service was horrible. They were really nice until there was a problem and then they were totally unhelpful. The front desk screwed up twice during my stay and seemed to figure that sending a bottle of wine would solve things. It didn't and I was totally unimpressed.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>john7glen
<Content>Nice hotel pity they are rebuilding while still open! Nice hotel pity they were rebuilding whilst we were there last week. They have done 4 or 5 floors but there are still a lot to go.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>markbs
<Content>Wonderful experience Great hotel. Large room. Well appointed. Clean. Friendly staff andgreat location. Would stay there again and recommend it highly  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brooklynprof
<Content>Adagio Rocks!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HonestTourist
<Content>Missed the mark! We spend five nights at the Adagio this month. It was a short break and our first time in the US. The lobby is beautiful, you may think the place is closed as it has huge church style doors opening onto the street! The whole place is modern and contemporary in style and that trend continues into the rooms but unfortunatly does not include the corridors which are outdated and clearly have only been given a lick of paint. The room was quite large with a sofa, desk, coffee table, side board, mini-bar and armchair. The bed was big also and very comfortable with lots of pillows, howver cushions and overthrow at the end of the bed could have done with a wash. The bathroom was functional, but the bath was very small and disappointing, the tiles were outdated and the shower only about acceptable. The hotels awarded restaurant CORTEZ was closed for all but one day of our stay due to plumbing problems the sign on the door advised they had sprunk a leak! As a result there was no room service, I thought it was quite poor that the closure lasted four days, how bad could the leak have been? We did eat in the restaurant on the final night of our stay, let me give you a quick word on it. You have to share your meal with your guest/companion, five or six dishes will be adequate for two people, the dish comes out and you both take a portion of it. A wierd way to eat, we got six dishes, five of them were poor one was perfect, we asked for steak to be well done it was medium-r. A cod dish was practically like sushi. All in all if you are hungary and after a deecnt meal I would bypass Cortez. Also for three days we got no toilet room in the room. Eventually we called reception to ask for some and within minutes a staff member brought up one roll bearing the name of a hotel three buildings up Geary Street!!! Did they run out of it too? I notice someone else say they would be afraid to go out on the street at night. The neighbouthood is fine, some nice old shops and art galleries. San Fran has alot of homeless people and it may be a bit off-putting but they are really quite harmless and in fact friendly. Out of ten I would day six. Service needs to be improved on and restaurant caters to specific tastes!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CherylStrobel
<Content>Not what we expected! We stayed in this hotel because of the reviews I read, the location and the price, they all seemed to fit our needs. Upon arrival no body smiled or were friendly at all, I was shocked! I wondered is this the San Francisco way? Our room was alright, we were suppose to have a king size bed but ended up with two double beds which were too small and very hard, we both hurt each morning we got up. The bathroom sink was totally plugged up and wouldn't drain so we called down to the front desk, they had their handy man come up, he said he fixed it and also the tub faucet dripped continually, said he'd fix that too but didn't. The drain was no faster to drain so we just decided we'd deal with it and tell them upon checkout. The hotel was having plumbing problems and the restaurant and bar was closed due to it. The hotel itself is is a pretty good location, very close to the Tenderloin district which is full of bums, it's filthy and sticks! The hotel is fairly plain, nothing fancy but we were out sight seeing so it was alright since we didn't stay in our room much. Very basic and not very friendly at all!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very pleasant hotel experience My husband and I stayed at the Adagio and greatly enjoyed our stay. At $199 a night we thought the hotel was a steal. We had a great room overlooking the city and found guest services to be very capable and friendly. All arrangements for an airport shuttle were made seamlessly and the staff went out of their way to answer any questions. The Adagio reminded me of many smaller European hotels I have stayed at and my observations were only supported by the largely European clientele. I never heard a single conversation in the lobby or elevator that wasn't in French, German, or Italian.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ndfan01
<Content>Disappointment in room  While I had a good time during my short stay in San Francisco's Hotel Adagio, I would not return to this hotel when so many other choices are available. Pros: Although the neighborhood is such that I would not have ventured out alone at night, the location is convenient to shopping and the financial district/government center which was what I needed. During the day I enjoyed walking around to see the sites, shop and experience some of the local eateries and pubs. I loved the Adagio's Tapas restaurant and bar in the evenings. Sat at the bar. Great food, wonderful service, attractive upscale clientele and space. Check in was rather perfunctory. I felt the front desk attendant was a little surly and snobby. I had booked a superior smoking room. Upon arrival, the desk clerk advised that I was booked in non-smoking. After I corrected him, I was given a key to what I have to assume was the worst room in the hotel. I had a single bed. Not a double, queen or king. A single. It was like summer camp. The mattress was old and lumpy. The room was by the elevator and noisy day and night. Housekeeping didn't show up until 3:30 or 4 on both days of my stay. She didn't empty the garbage even. There was no bell service either coming or going. My view was of fire escapes of some downtrodden multifamily dwelling. The room downgrade was not explained to me, nor was any adjustment to my room rate offered. Breakfast in the restaurant was underwhelming and overpriced. I have a pet peeve about arriving in a nearly empty restaurant alone and being seated in the worst possible spot. I had my newspaper and was dressed in business casual attire. For some unknown reason, I was seated in the darkest corner near the kitchen. This type of thing often happens in hotel restaurants. Presumably the idea is to fill up the bad seats in case some VIP comes along. I cannot stress what a bad impression this sort of treatment leaves in a guest's mind. From this point forward, I look for the negative, not the positive because I don't want to like the place. Advice to Restaurant management. Don't do this if you don't want to get slammed in reviews by travelers like me.I have read numerous positive reviews of this hotel on both this and other websites. I am sure they have some nice rooms and that some people enjoy good service. I was not so lucky. I am not a complainer, and perhaps that is what it takes to squeeze good service out of this hotel's personnel. I am not willing to spend a lot of time fighting. But even though I didn't demand better treatment this time, I demand better treatment from hotels I patronize, and therefore I will never return or recommend this place. (I might stop by Cortez again though...)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CityWalker
<Content>Adagio - Simple Excellence       Hotel Adagio Lobby  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>havanahipster
<Content>Great little hotel Stayed at the hotel last night. Booked a Jr. Execute King Suite. Nice, spacious room. I usually stay at the W but decided to give this place a try because of a promo rate. I was pleasantly surprised by the experience. My only hangup was I felt the carpets in the hallways could be replaced. They were old, stained, and torn.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Massingberd
<Content>All round good hotel Just got back from a 5 night stay at the Adagio during our first trip to San Francisco and I would definitely recommend this hotel.The room was a really good size with everything we needed. The bed was huge and really comfortable, didn't want to get out of it! The bathroom was modern and we were even given Aveda bath products every day which was a nice touch. The d茅cor was of a really high standard, very modern and in a boutique style which is what I like.The location of the hotel is really central and it's really easy to get around from there. The Powell Street cable cars are only a short walk away as is Union Square and all the great shops. I was a little bit concerned by the amount of tramps and beggars around the area but I never felt really unsafe, you just have to keep your wits about you.The only real downside that I can think of for the Hotel Adagio is the extortionate room service. We were really tired one night after a day of sightseeing so decided to eat in. We ordered a fish cake, pasta dish and bottle of wine and the total was over $90, the most expensive meal we had in San Francisco and we didn鈥檛 even leave the hotel! The portions were tiny too. I think the expense was because the food comes from the Cortez restaurant in the hotel. We didn't eat there but it has a good reputation if you鈥檙e into that kind of cuisine. For me personally though, I thought they were having a bit of a laugh charging so much for such miniscule portions.Aside from the food though I would certainly recommend staying at the Adagio as it has a lot to offer in terms of location, atmosphere, standard of rooms and value for money. San Francisco is such a great city, we had an amazing holiday, hope you do too!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>klein3
<Content>AWESOME HOTEL!!!!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zurich72
<Content>comfortable and welcoming Very comfortable, spacious, cleanly decorated rooms. Convient to union square (4 block walk). Staff was great -- especially when they let us check in at 11am. Bed and shower great, Aveda bath products, towels a little flimsy. Would choose this hotel again.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value! Excellent!! I spent 3 nights at Adagio. It was a corner suite. I was very impressed with their service.The front desk was very helpful and the room was very clean. The location of the hotel is great. Only 3 minutes to the Union Square. I can recommend this boutique hotel.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DarylFielding
<Content>Pretty and central Attractive exterior and public rooms, pleasant staff. THeye style is comfortable modern, with large beds, and bathrooms. Ask for a corner room on a high floor as you will have a larger room with a better view. Don't eat breakfast or room service here as it was extremely poor - can't comment on the dinners - the restaurant and bar seem buzzy and popular, so I assume that they are good. Instead, for breakfast there are many better very local alternatives; Dotty's cafe, just around the corner, if the queue's aren't too bad; the Olympic cafe opposite - looks unprepossessing, but the food is solid diner fare; one of the Lori's 50s diners - there is one just north of Union square on Powell; Sears, also on Powell - an old SF institution. An unique experience is to go to Sunday service at the Glide church, about two blocks away from the hotel. It's uplifting, fun with great singers and music. We are not religious at all and the unsanctimonious preaching, diverse ethos and intelligently modernformat pleased us alot.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, modern hotel in good location I stayed here on a three-day business trip in a spacious and comfortable junior suite. The third night was free, which made it excellent value considering the central location (about three blocks from Union Square). The hotel has a more personal feel than some of the bigger chains (particularly at the front desk) and the room decor was more designer/chic, too. Pretty good views from the 12th floor, so definitely ask for the highest room available. A quiet celing fan, windows that open and luxurious bathrobes were other nice touches.You do get some homeless people hanging around the immediate area, particularly at night, but they mostly seem to pick fights with one another and I didn't feel unsafe staying here. My only reservation would be the breakfast, which I would rate as distinctly average for the US.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thefellows
<Content>Merry Christmas and Big beds We arrived on Christmas Day afternoon and were greeted by the most friendly staff. We were upgraded on arrival and the room was brilliant. I really loved this hotel. I've stayed in several others on San Francisco but this is by far the best. Great amenities and a great bed. The free internet was a real treat. We were able to book the rest of our trip from the comfort of the room. Ask for a high room the views are spectacular. I'll definatly be back.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, friendly staff, nice decor We stayed three nights in the Hotel Adagio, San Francisco at the end of our California trip. Our deluxe queen-sized room was booked through expedia with our third night free. This made the hotel excellent value. Even more so when compared to our hotels in Santa Monica, Santa Barbara, and Big Sur.We had returned our rental car on arrival in SF, so no hassle with valet parking and the like. Haven't tried the Cortez restaurant or hotel breakfast so can't comment on that.We explored SF by bus, tram and on foot, thanks to the hotel's great central location near Union Square. We found the staff friendly, attentive and helpful.No problems with noise from hallway or other rooms. The bathroom was much larger than expected. And we liked the modern decor of the hotel.Free wi-fi in the lobby, cabled ADSL in the rooms, and two computers with internet downstairs.All in all a hotel we can definitely recommend.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Location Questionable We stayed at the Hotel Adagio for 3 nights on our first trip to San Francisco. Our room was a King on the 11th floor, and the size of room, and amenities offered (tea/cookies in the afternoon), workout room (which we used) were nice. However, the hotel is located next to the Tenderloin area. There were many homeless on the street corners in about a 3 block radius and were rather aggressive in their panhandling. We will consider staying in another area of San Francisco on our next visit. However, we would stay at another joie de vivre hotel and is one we would recommend.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CWatson
<Content>Convenient, Art Deco  I enjoyed this hotel's convenience, comfort and decor. The service was extra friendly and helpful, and everything was spic  span. My only complaint was the exhorbitant valet parking fee, but hey, what do you expect for downtown SF? The free internet was a nice perk (probably funded through the parking fees), and the bar downstairs is fun  funky. My tip? Take transit!! [----------] Driving in SF is aggravating and really, really expensive. Transit will take you everywhere and it's so cheap! Park outside of the city and take BART or Caltrain in.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eddy47
<Content>Don't stay here! I have to agree with the last reviewer. We arrived on March 24th and were given a standard double room after we had booked and paid for a deluxe queen. The next day we were moved but no compensation offered. The hallways are noisy from your room. Doors slamming, guests talking. The baths are small and old. The restuarant and lounge were full every night so could not get into them. There is no coffee maker in the room, instant coffee is available for a price. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>minkgirl
<Content>Little Aggravations At Adagio Add up to Big Disappointment I have a three strikes and you're out policy with hotels I stay in. I would not stay here again nor would I recommend that others stay here. There are too many choices in San Francisco to suffer the below-par guest treatment at the Adagio. Chaos at all points of contact with guest services. Always a line up at the front desk. Consistently long  confusing wait for valet parking. A nightmare especially when pulling up to the curb at the hotel in your car and waiting for other guests to unload their things and for the valet to finally appear to take their vehicle. We were 3 cars deep and had traffic on Geary at a standstill one afternoon from all of the cars backed up waiting for drop off. Noise! Doors slamming shut very early in the morning, other guests' conversations while waiting for the elevator and worst of all, the guests in the room above us decided to crank up their CD player at 3am when they returned from clubbing. It took 20 mintues for security to address it after my call to the front desk. Despite our reservation (and additional charge) for a King Club Room we were put into a Queen the night we arrived with no apololgies and no adjustment of our rate. We were told that some other guests had decided not to check out as planned which caused us to be bumped. In my opinion, this was not our problem and we should not have been asked to pay for it. We were able to switch our room over to a King for the last 2 nights of our stay, however it was little consolation for the time/aggravation of packing our things up again the next day. Bathrooms and the hallways are shabby and in need of some updating  a new coat of paint. ProsHotel Location, lobby area decor and the hotel's Cortez restaurant all fantastic. ConsNoisy rooms. King room too tight. Shabby bathtubs  hallways. Limited guest service. The Bottom LineNot a great experience for our getaway weekend in SanFrancisco despite the competative price.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>col456
<Content>Great hotel in good location I spent a week on holiday in this hotel. I found the staff to be friendly, helpful and able to answer any questions I had. I found this to be the quietest hotel I have ever stayed in - I had a room next to the lift but was never disturbed by noise. I had a standard double room which was a very good size, well decorated, clean with a comfortable bed. Hotel Adagio is well deocrated and clean. Free internet access is available to hotel guests, along with tea and coffee in the lobby during the day. The hotel is about 3 1/2 blocks to Union Square and can be walked in under 10 minutes.Overall I rate this hotel better than any hotel I've stayed in before (some of which have higher star ratings). Will be recommending this hotel to others planning a trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location My wife and I stayed at the Adagio in May 2005 for 3 nights. The location of the hotel is excellent, it is less than 10 minutes walk to Union Square and very central with lots of shops and restuarants nearby. The Hotel is very modern with retro style rooms. The room we stayed in was excellent, it had a couch and was extremely comfortable and quiet. The staff are very helpful and overall I would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, bar area, staff!! I only stayed for one night, but just from this short visit would definitely come back. Staff was helpful from the minute I got there. Free computers with internet in the quiet back room of the lobby were sooo convenient. Room was really well appointed and very clean. Loved the dark leather headboard, rich dark colors (but room seems light too). The only not-so-nice area was the bathroom. Loved the sink area off the room - but the shower seemed sort of budget. Thats just a little nit picky thing though - overall it was great.Great location, maybe 3 blocks off Union Square, right in the same neighborhood as alot of the other nice hotels - Monaco, Clift, Serrano. The bar was a great place to have a drink, too. Bar tender gave us a great dinner recommendation. The lobby isn't spectacular, but the lounge/bar area makes up for it. I really loved staying here - a special place!!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio is a great SF hotel Stayed here for a business trip. Loved the decor, the staff, location, and restaurant. Would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy bed and great location My husband and I stayed here for a Valentine's Weekend. The hotel location is very convenient to local restaurants and Union Square. The bed was the most comfortable bed we have slept in considering it being a hotel. The only downfall is being waken up by sirens in the middle of the night, but, cant do much about that.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Reviews Worked! I just got back from the Hotel Adagio, and I wanted to return the favor of previous reviewers by writing a review myself. I picked the Adagio based on a combination of the photos from the hotel's own site and descriptions of it there (not to mention it's very reasonable for SF price), and then it's large number of positive reviews. The reviews were right. I feel like I did a fair amount of research, and I looked at a variety of other hotels both in terms of coolness (decor, location) and price, such as the Hotel Vitale, The W Hotel, and The Clift, and I'm the type of person who not only does a lot of research for a living but also likes to feel like I've picked the best thing based on all the options. The Adagio seemed like the best combination of price and style and location, and I was so happy with my choice. My girlfriend and I barely knew a thing about San Francisco between us, so the research I did in the week before our trip was our only hedge against ending up in a dump on a desolate street. So, we were happy when we arrived late at night on a Saturday to see there were lots of lively places just a few doors away, as well as a drug store and coffee shop, both pretty essential when traveling, and of course, all the giant stores around Union Square, only a couple short blocks away (some of them the largest in America of their respective brands). The night desk clerks were very nice and with no prompting on our parts upgraded us to a very nice room, which I had reserved online at a pretty great price. San Francisco in general is a very expensive place to stay, not to mention the 14% sales tax on all rooms and hotel parking, so getting a good deal is greatly appreciated. The room, number 1200, turned out to be large and wonderful. It had a view, and a couch, making it sort of like a mini-suite, and came with white Frette robes. We were both extremely happy with the room, it felt very luxurious. The decor is very minimalist and woodsy, with framed retro-ish photos of trees. The woods, and browns and golds, are a hotel theme (no flowery bedspreads---that was a rule!). We slept great, the bed was very comfortable, clean, and the room quiet. The shower pressure and towels were fantastic. We also ate one night at the hotel restaurant, the Cortez, and the plates are smaller than normal so they encourage you to order more than one per person, we ordered three between us, and the organic chicken was the most tender I've ever had. We asked the hotel clerks at various times of the day for advice and directions and they were very nice (the hotel map definitely came in handy) and told us whatever we wanted to know. I have absolutely no complaints, and I'd stay here again. There is possibly a greater density of hotels in San Francisco than in any other city in America, so it's difficult to choose, but if you like a bit of modern minimalist style, and a certain level of quality, a perfect location, and a friendly no-attitude staff, I've just helped you make your decision.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>munjarra
<Content>great experience My wife and 2 young children (7 and 9) recently stayed at the Adagio in Jan 2006 for 5 nights. Overall a very enjoyable experience. The rooms were large with 2 queens and were modern. Many additional items were noted such as in room safe, internet access, double glazed windows, good quality furnishings and excellent bathroom facilities. Check in staff were warm and friendly. Complementary coffee and tea and fruit as well as newspapers including the New York Times were offered in the Lobby. No critisism could be made except that our taxi could not located the hotel the first time round as prominant signage outside was non existant. Location excellent. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JuanEsperanza
<Content>Great energy, great value I had the good fortune to have stayed at the Adagio for a weekend in December. This is a friendly, cool, well designed and well located hotel.The hotel's beautiful carved wood front door opens onto an intimate lobby space, filled with retro chairs and smiling attendants. The Cortez restaurant is located off the lobby, which I tried for breakfast twice. The breakfast menu is small but adequate and the food was delicious. At night this restaurant was packed with tons of gorgeous people.The hotel's small elevators took me to my tenth floor room. Great views of the city if you get an upper floor, try requesting when you check in and they will do their best to accomodate you. The room was beautiful, modern with warm tones, lots of space and super comfortable beds. The bathroom although on the small side has everything you need and the aveda bath products are a nice touch. Also loved the high speed internet access which is complimentary (you just have to leave a deposit for the wire connection which they refund when you check out).Also I had the chance to check out the suite on the 16th floor, which features a carved wood ceiling and spectacular views of the city.I can't wait to visit San Francisco again, and I will be staying at the Adagio. The hotel is very cool, has great energy and a great central location to go exploring all of San Fran's unique neighbourhoods. Best: free Tazo tea and cookies in the lobby, super comfortable beds,the Cortez restaurant, views from the upper floors, windows that open, cool vibe, and a great price! Forget: past reviews that mentioned surly staff (everyone was extremely nice to me), homeless people in the area (this is a city and unfortunately there are homeless people in cities, they are not threatening at all).Overall this hotel has great energy and great value for the price.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stay! After careful research, I decided on the Adagio for our 9 day visit over the Christmas holiday. Very comfortable,classy, casual and affordable. Rooms were neat and clean. You can鈥檛 beat the flat screen color TV! I had a 6am medical appointment one morning and the front desk was kind enough to offer their town car. Very impressive! Other perks were complimentary gourmet chocolates and a great location. The hotel is in walking distance to shopping and a variety of restaurants. There are always things you can find to complain about when staying at a hotel. However, the Adagio鈥檚 impressive service is what stood out in my mind. We had a memorable time. I would recommend the Adagio to anyone traveling to the Union Square area. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cozy with style We stayed at Adagio for 4 days and were very happy with the experience there. The staff is professional and friendly. The room is bright and clean with modern but cozy style. We also appreciate the thoughtful little things such as a big bowl of fresh fruit ( in season) in the lobby every afternoon, and free New York Times ( not USA Today) every morning. The restaurant in house Cortez serves refined and delicious food, plus: hotel guest gets a complementary glass of wine.The location of the hotel is very good, it is convenient to visit the standard tourist areas and to explore more real neighborhoods. Whoever complains about homeless people should go to Disneyland instead of a real city.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>scbelle
<Content>Great Weekend Stay I booked this hotel for a weekend getaway with a friend via usairways vacations. Everything about our trip was a breeze. Though we had only booked a deluxe room, they upgraded us to a Jr. Suite when we mentioned it was my friend's birthday (check the virtual tours on jdvhospitality's websites in addition to the ones offered by expedia). This was particularly unexpected as we had not booked directly through the hotel, and our money was essentially already in their pocket. The staff couldn't have been more friendly, we found, contrary to some of the reviews below. Of course, we are also pleasant people. Its amazing how far a smile goes.Back to the hotel: the lobby, restaurant area, and computer facility were all top quality. Space was a bit cramped in the lobyy, however, it didn't detract from our experience. The only meal we had in the hotel was on our last day's breakfast; it was good and well presented though the choices were limited. I particularly enjoyed the fruit and tea selections in the lobby.The room was well decorated with contemporary lines yet a homey, warm feel... Perhaps it was the earth tones they used, or that the furniture was actually quite comfortable. Our room was quite spacious, and though the bathroom was small, it was nice and immaculately clean. The Aveda toiletires were a nice touch (they use them at the Monaco as well).The bed was extremely comfortable, and we weren't bothered by the noise, though we slept with the windows open. The temperature ranged from 60-70 for our stay, so we were quite comfortable, though I can see how on a hot weekend, no AC might be a little much.Also, the location is excellent. Just two blocks from Union Square, it is out of the mad crowd, but not so far that you need a taxi.All in all, I would love to stay here again during mild weather.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kitgirl
<Content>Great Hotel stay at The Hotel Adagio! I just returned from a fabulous stay at The Hotel Adagio in the theater district in San Francisco. I went with two of my girlfriends for our annual Christmas shopping trip to San Francisco. We took the Bart from the Oakland Airport to the Powell Bart Station which was very convenient to the hotel. The accomodations at the hotel were very spacious since we were able to stay in The Great Room which included a King Size bed with a sleeper sofa. The hotel provided Aveda bath products which were a lovely addition. The hotel provides coffee and tea in the morning downstairs and has hot tea and cookies/fruit in the afternoon. The staff was very helpful and knowledgable. I was able to print up my boarding pass in the businesss center downstairs also. We had a fabulous dinner at Cortez which included delicious tapas for six of us including a 1 1/2 yr. old baby. We were given the private room for our meal since it wasn't booked for that evening. The Cortez restaurant at the hotel serves such delicious food which we all enjoyed. The best part of the meal was the beignets with Valrhona chocolate sauce. We plan to return next year for our annual Christmas shopping trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlsmsw
<Content>almost perfect Date: November 21, 2005Reviewer: A Trip Advisor member from Washington, DC. We had four very comfortable nights at the Adagio (Nov.9-13 '05). We received a warm welcome from the friendly staff, and were shown to an attractive, clean, spacious room (#404). The bathroom was large, and adequate, nothing fancy, with plenty of room for toilet kits. The high point was the bed! It was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on in my life. And it helped to have a lovely down duvet, too.  The hotel location is a few blocks from Union Square, which was perfect for us. The one downer was that it got a little noisy sometimes at night, as the windows were open and the bar scene is a little rowdy. I think we'll always stay at this hotel when we're in San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandyweb33
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price Just read the previous review and had to comment. I have asthma and yes, there is only a ceiling fan but it was adequate for this time of year. I had no problems with musty smells, etc. Our room was roomy and pleasantly decorated and the beds very comfortable. Overall, I think the Adagio did a good job with its remodel. Had appetizer and dessert at the Cortez restaurant attached to the hotel and loved the Beignets dipped in chocolate! There was a lively crowd there and the bar area was full. Only negative for me was I would have preferred a wine reception vs tea and cookies. Staff at the front desk were organized and professional. Parking valets very prompt. On check-out (Fri, Nov. 11, 2005) the desk clerk from Portland, ME gave us great suggestions on where to stop to shop on our way out of town. We stopped in the Hayes neighborhood and found a great travel store, Flight 001. There are lots of boutiques and restaurants there, too. Thanks, Hotel Adagio for making our stay very enjoyable! We'll be back.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>People with asthma, beware! This hotel only has a ceiling fan. No ventilation and the windows only open slightly. It is stuffy and when I came into the room, the whole room reaked of bleach. When they moved me, the rooms smelled of some type of cleaning agent, and they tried to cover it up in the building by putting aromatherpy that shot out of the elevator vents each time you would step into it. The linin was musty and if you have any type of breathing problems such as asthma, say a prayer and grab your inhaler! I had to leave and find a different hotel.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad we did NOT listen to the bad reviews!! We stayed at the Hotel Adagio from Oct. 27 to Nov. 2, 2005. We almost changed our plans due to a bad review on this site, but a friend convinced us to stay here , and we both are quite happy that we did. I hate that anyone panned this hotel, because our experience was the quite the opposite! The staff was extremely friendly, helpful, and had a wealth of resources for making reservations for dinner, bicycles, cars, for using public transportation, for recommendations for things to do...as well as help with all the things we forgot to bring, ie toothpaste. The location is excellent, the room very comfortable, and with the windows closed, there was no problem with outside noise. We were very pleased, and will stay there again!!Katherine Powell and Lynn Thomas  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heyindy
<Content>Loved the Adagio Hotel Adagio is located about 3 blocks from the heart of Union Square. I had some reservations about staying here given some of the previous reports about rude staff and noise. How wrong! This hotel was fabulous for the price. The lobby itself is welcoming and very hip with complimentary tea/coffee in the mornings (Tazo, in fact, for all you tea lovers!), lemonade in the afternoons, and cookies in the evenings. Close to the lobby was the high speed internet access, free, and there was never a wait. There was also access to free high speed printing on the spot. Our room was very contemporarily decorated--it looked just the the website photos..very clean..very simple with a wood/leather/orange/brown theme...like all the coolest furniture at Target--except higher quality of course. I loved it! Our room was also very spacious (we bought our reservation through hotwire and had a special deal, so I'm not certain if all the rooms were as spacious as ours). We had two queen sized beds, TV stand with full desk, chair with ottoman, and refrigerator. The beds were extremely comfortable, with both a down comforter and extra blanket at the foot. Our bathroom was large (both my husband and I could use it at the same time). I could see how some would be bothered by the noise--if the windows were wide open--which they were when we first arrived...but the fresh air was welcoming in a hotel. Once we closed the double-paned windows, however, we could barely hear a sound and our room was facing Geary--the busier of the two streets. The staff was courteous and tried to help us with whatever we needed. Lastly, the restaurant--Cortez was absolutely fabulous!!!! It specialized in Mediterranean small plates. My husband and I had to chuckle (as we are both big eaters) and joked about ordering a pizza when we were through with dinner there. Anyway, the food was excellent--and you receive a coupon for a complimentary glass of wine when you check in, so we took advantage of that as well. We ordered 4 small plates + dessert and didn't need anything else! Overall, we had an excellent time and I'd recommend this hotel for the 20-40ish hip crowd, couples or singles.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>5634
<Content>Fantastic hotel! This was our second stay at the Adagio and it truly is a treat. The staff are so friendly and helpful. Cortez is a real gastro delight and very funky inside. A very relaxed and welcoming atmospshere. The hotel location is first class on Geary Street with some great cafes and art galleries and only a few blocks from Union Square. The rooms are large and beautifully decorated with great city views. The Olympic Cafe across from the Adagio is a great breakfast hangout.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bratty
<Content>Loved the Hotel Adagio! This hotel is a fantastic find!! I checked the reviews on Tripadvisor before making a booking and I was not disappointed! It's a modern, funky hotel in a great location just 2 or 3 blocks from Union Square. The room was extremely spacious and had a modern, clean bathroom! The Aveda bath products were also a nice touch. And when we requested to be moved to an alternative room (ours was right next to the lift shaft which could be a little noisy during the early hours) we were offered an even larger room with 2 queen beds on the same floor without any fuss. The staff were extremely helpful and the atmospheric bar and restaurant downstairs was a real bonus (the bartender mixed a mean cocktail!) I would highly recommend a stay at this place  will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So many better options Yes, this hotel is in a great location, but so are many, many nicer hotels. Desk people are unhelpful and have terrible attitudes. Hard to find valet and long wait to retrieve cars. It was a hot weekend in SF and not only is there no air conditioning, the fan didn't work. No hot water for almost 24 hours and we had a group trying to get ready for a wedding. One of our bathtub faucets didn't work. There ore only about 5 items on the room service menu and there is no room service between 10 am and 530 pm, or past 10 pm. I've stayed in dozends of places in SF, this one does not measure up. Having said that, it was clean and well decorated.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ExitRowAisle
<Content>It's the little things they miss here. This boutique doesn't have Air Conditioning! If you like it cold, and don't want the interference from street noises by leaving the windows open...go elsewhere. They don't tell you this or mention on their web page. I assumed it had AC, never stayed in a hotel that didn't. Now...I make sure that when I go to boutique hotels, I ask. The front desk workers are snooty and need to step off their pedastal. This ain't The Four Seasons and this place isn't that exclusive. The food was good in the restaurant though the portions were small. The valet guys actually work for the parking lot next door and often were non-existent when you needed them. I just left the car, locked it in the valet zone and gave the keys to the snobs at the front desk. GREAT LOCATION THOUGH.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unless you are looking for the Ritz or Four Seasons, this is the place to stay! Don't believe the other negative reviews. I am picky, and have stayed at a great many nice hotels across the US and Europe. No musty smells or bad paint from what I saw, and I have strong doubts about how cash could disappear from a locked safe (as mentioned in one of those bad reviews). Unless you are looking for the Ritz or Four Seasons, this is the place to stay! The Adagio is a great hotel, excellent value - clean and comfortable and modern (without being too stark). Great location too, just a few blocks from Union Square. The only downside was a somewhat slow valet service and inconsistent availability with doormen and bellhops. Best hotel in this price range (by far) that I have stayed at in San Francisco, and given the Clift (half a block away) is twice as much, for a much smaller (basic) room, I may never stay anywhere else again!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dolphin100
<Content>Good Value This hotel is about a 10 minute walk to Union Square. It has recently been renovated but it is an old hotel and the rennovation cant change that - so dont expect a new hotel. This is an old hotel that has been papered over. Room was a good size, bed comfortable and hot shower with some nice little Aveda shower get and lotions etc. All in all no complaints whatsoever but at the same time nothing special for me to rave about. Pricewise I got a really good bargain but if I was visiting San Francisco again I would probably look for something a little bit more special.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Disappointed We stayed at the Adagio on our one year wedding anniversary. On arrival the desk staff were friendly and welcoming. On the way to our room (we had kindly been upgraded to a junior suite) we also noticed a a musty smell in the corridors (as mentioned by a previous reviewer). The room was pleasant enough but it could have done with a coat of paint.Unfortunately our stay was mared by all our spending money (some $1300) disappearing from our room (and yes our stupidity for keeping it all in the safe). We were very unhappy with the lack of help that we received with from the hotel management. We had to push for them to call the police to report the incident. Consequently we would not dream of staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value in San Francisco We stayed at the Adagio for a long weekend the week after labor day. We found the hotel to be clean and niceley decorated. We arrived at noon and even though this was well before the check in time we were able to get our room and even recieved a comp upgrade to a junior suite. The room was lovely and quite large especially considering that rooms in San Francisco are typically very small. The staff was always very friends and helpful. We had drinks at Cortez and the staff there was also great. Overall, I would definately suggest to anyone that asked.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely place to stay Just spent a week at the Adagio in San Francisco and want to recommend it unreservedly. The staff were always friendly and helpful. The concierge went out of her way to give us good recommendations for places to eat, things to do. The rooms are tastefully designed and always perfectly cleaned. The gym is large and airy and well equipped. The only drawback is that, given the location in Central San Francisco, the view from our room was of a car park and the streets around the hotel are not too pleasant.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They were overbooked! We showed up at 10 am to check in- told us that we could not check in until 3 pm. We came back at 4 pm and were told that they were overbooked! We were there on business and had to move to another hotel that was quite a ways away from where we needed to go. The Adagio found us a room at another hotel and supposedly we don't have to pay for it- but still it was very disconcerting and we incurred additional parking charges because we had to drive to our destination instead of walking.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel! I recently stayed at the Hotel Adagio on short vacation from my job in Hollywood, CA. I am a manager at a hotel in LA! I really loved this hotel. Having stayed at other hotels in SF, I would have to say that this is the best by far. Its really conveniently located close to Union Square which made it easy catching the MUNI (the subway). Lot's of great places to shop and eat and the bar at their restaurant (Cortez) makes some good drinks. The room I stayed in was a Junior Suite which was big enough for me. The mattress was like sleeping on a cloud. It was pretty warm when I was there so coming back from a long day of shopping, it was nice having a glass of chilled lemonade that was being served in the lobby. All the staff that I encountered were friendly and always wished me a great day. Coming from another hotel, my expectations are high. The Hotel Adagio met and exceeded my expectations. Take it from me, you will love this place.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Adagio was a pleasing choice We spent 4 nights at the Adagio in mid July. This was our first visit to the hotel and to San Francisco. We found the location of the hotel to be ideal and although as many reviews state there are a number of homeless people in the vicinity they were always good-natured and non-threatening. Also the fact that the hotel was only a 5 minute walk from Union Square and cable cars was certainly a plus point in our opinion.The hotel itself met all our requirements and expectations. We found it to be extremely clean, with very comfortable large beds and a good-sized bathroom with plenty of space and hot water. Our bathroom did not have a bath but had an excellent shower.The hotel staff we encountered were always helpful and friendly and responded to our requests and enquiries promptly and with a pleasant manner. We liked the little extras such as complimentary use of the internet (hotel has 2 computers which guests may use), plus the morning and afternoon tea, squash, etc.Overall, we are glad we chose to stay at the Adagio and would do so again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pretty nice- could have been better Stayed at the Adagio for 4 nights end of June- part of a long haul trip to various states.Room was an executive double- very roomy, earthy shades of decor, bit poor on some of the finishes- sort of Schrager on the cheap if you like. I thought there was a strange odour in the corridors.Beds were fantastic- quality bedlinen and so so comfortable.Lack of A/C not a problem but the weather had been on the cool side.( in fact, almost cold some days ) Be aware, take some warm clothing with you...We had requested higher up room ( were placed at front of hotel ) , windows had to be opened so it was slightly noisy.Would have hated to be on one of lower floors.There were a lot of homeless people and the area was a bit on the seedy side.The homeless guys ( and gals ) didn't really bother you though I did notice that there were a lot of homeless in all the downtown areas.Didn't try the food- ate breakfast at Dotties Cafe round the corner- queues to get a table but worth the wait, great food, atmosphere and music.Homeless guy ( selling the US eqivalent of the Big Issue ) entertained us whilst waiting one morning with Georgia on my mind....he was a gem! Olympic cafe across road from hotel was terrible in comparison.Dotties closed either Tuesday or Wednesday ( can't remember, everything became a blur ) Guy waiting outside it told us that we would get fanstastic breakfast in Olympic cafe- suckers.....we saw him come in and speak to the owner when we were having our less than wonderful breakfast. Was obviously waiting there to direct the unsuspecting to the OlympicCycle across Golden Gate Bridge into Sausilito- good day but tiring- watch for windburn. Alcatraz also worth a few hours of time- book your tickets in advance though.Fishermans wharf terribly tacky and touristy but kids love it and you've just got to do it.Ghardelli Square- waste of time.Was last in SF 15 years ago and did notice that overall, the place was less friendly that it used to be. Rude , ignorant staff in restaurants and on trams took the shine off those that were courteous and polite.( the majority it has to be said )Bit of a shame really but we saw it in SF, LA, Vegas and New York....you get it everywhere really.Adagio staff were friendly enough if you spoke to them but they didn't go out of their way to make you feel welcome- they were, in essence, on the chilly side.Summary- liked the hotel well enough but not sure if I'd go back- would probably try the Clift which is just down the road.We had also looked at the Argonaut down at Fishermans wharf ( the area had put us off thus our reason to stay downtown).Went in to have a look at it. Really nice, pictures on web don't do it justice--may therefore be a better option if you're travelling with kids.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and Bad We have just left the Hotel Adagio in San Francisco. Good Stuff: Spotlessly clean rooms (Bathrooms a little dated), wonderfully comfortable beds. Extremely quiet rooms....a good night's sleep. Only a 2 minute walk to Union Square....there are always a few homeless people on Geary Street toward Union Square but they are never any problem. Bad Stuff: Geneally the staff have a superior, unhelpful, unsmiling attitutude..this may be in part that they are all young men who give the impression that they would really rather be doing something else. They need more cheerful, customer facing people on the front desk.When we stayed the kitchen was out of action for 3 days, so no food or room service. Which was not as bad as it seems but we were not told of this when we checked in..we only discovered it for ourselves when we tried to get food and drink from room service. Also we made several attempts to request extra towels over a 2 day period but they never arrived.Having said all that the manager himself was superb and the hotel would be actually be excellent if they had the right staff with the right customer facing attitude.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Visitor_Thornhill
<Content>Not too bad Hotel was clean but definitely need more counter space in the washroom. Size of room with 2 dbl beds was quite spacious. Bonus:free hi-speed internet. Hotel location was close to Powel and was okay as long as you don't go further west even though some review said it was in a rough neighborhood.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio is a great moderately priced hotel. There are some fine features--the price for one,and the absolutely unbknown in the hotel business of allowing a person requesting 'early arrival' at 8 AM their rooms at no extra fee.The down side, however are the the lack of individual room A/C and street noise for one side of the hotel..it is the start of July( I am staying here right now!) Yesterday the room was very hot on my side of the hotel-facing Geary St. My son and d-i-l's room is on the opposite side and faces an alley but is much quieter and cooler. I tendered a small request this AM for a fan and was told they had none. When I returned to my room this afternoon, the was a nice sized quiet desk fan going and the room was much cooler inside even though it was quite hot outside, along with 2 nice bottles of mint falvored water presented in an iced bucket very elegantly..and a very thoughtful note. While they can't do anything about noisy traffic, do request a room on the 'odd' numbered side of the building..at least on the lower floors it makes a big difference. My son had 4ll and (smoking floos) and his room was nicely cool when mine was melting the chocolate bar I had left on the counter.I foubnd the front desk people to be as helpful as they could be, but directions wise-everythinbg was 'a couple of blocks down toward 'some locally known landmard that a tourist wouldn't have a clue about'. We found the map a better alternative because tghose couple a blocks were often uphill at a 70 degree angle!For the cable car rides--you do not need to buy a ticket! The price is $3 bucks and you are better off waiting 4 stops up from the main round about for space to be on a car-they don't fill them up at the bottom of the hill and our wait today was 90 minutes! It was a fun and scenic ride and prepared up for Disneyland tomorrow but OMG I am too old to wait in line for 90- minutes any more!The area around Hotel Adagio is simply typical of a downtown hotel area. I went out at night by myself (an old lady of 62) and had no proplems that I didn't have last week in Portland, ny home town. The SFO streets were trashy all over and I think I noticed that because PDX is a very clean town.I didn't find the hoted to be faux attitude driven at all. We had friendly staff willing to go the extra mile to make a guest happy.There is no wi-fi in this hotelo, but they offer modem cordw aqt the front desk for room use to connect to the internet and wi-fi cafe's and coffee shops are all around one.Book your Alcatraz trip online-they were sold out for 4 days when we arrive. It's worth iot to commit yourself to a specific time for the trip if thats high on your list.The BEST restaurant we hit was House of Nanking in China Town on Kerny. Absolutely the best Potstickers I ever tasted,,a bit if a crunch to the crust and never soggy or over cooked. Crispy Chicken was flavored very nicely. The owner was out order taiker and asked if it was our first time therei. When we admitted it was, he took away our menusand said 'Chef will make you bit of everything. We continued to be brought plates of foot until it was not moving off the plate any longer, then it stopped.and we willingly paid the bill!We had elegantly prepared California Chowder at the Blue Mermaid after we for off the cable car I was starving and aimed for the first chowder house. Had I known better, two blocks or so down (see Ive gotten the 2 blocks thing already)were kiosks selling suburb chowder in sourdough canon balls full of great meaty fresh chowderwas available for half the price as was fantastic and inexpensive fish and frys.For a short breeze thru town trip between PDX and LAX by road trip, this hotel met our rxpectations. Although we could have put all 4 of us in the double queed rha  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Squirrel-Nutkins
<Content>Disappointing! Arrived early evening after a lengthy trip from UK and were directed to our 'Executive Room with City Views'. Room was so small and cramped that we couldn't both open our suitcases at the one time. Although nice toiletries were provided the bathroom was very basic, with a sliding door that didn't slide. The bed was large and very comfortable but lack of air-conditioning was a problem.Still seriously jet-lagged the next morning we stumbled to the Cortez restaurant for breakfast and after a long wait for a cup of coffee we were asked for our 'vouchers'. I had to leave the restaurant and go to reception to obtain these - when I asked for the vouchers for breakfast I explained that the rate we had paid included continental breakfast (and I had the paperwork to prove it!) I was informed that the hotel did not offer that any package that included breakfast!! To cut a long story short, we didn't stay to have breakfast, in fact we didn't stay at all. We checked out of the Adagio and into the Grand Hyatt on Union Square for the same nightly rate of $169. A much superior hotel in a far nicer district.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Mandler
<Content>Good hotel, be aware of district First of all - the location. Some reviewers make the point that it is in a dubious area. This is true, we come from London and were surprised at the number of homeless people, begging and poverty in the Tenderloin district of SF. As any local wil tell you, it is a rough neighbourhood - but we at no point felt threatened as it is also a bustling district, really close to theatres and Union Square. The hotel itself was comfortable, the bar always buzzing and the complimentary tea and cookies in the lobby every day a nice touch. The staff were so-so, some great, others not so friendly. Overall a decent hotel - check online for much better rates than front desk can offer!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A is for Attitude This hotel is all about the superficial. Yes, it looks nice from the outside and the decor is 'Spanish modern' but the entire package just doesn't work. Here is what I saw as the major problems:1. The neighbourhood can be euphemistically described as gritty, which is not surprising because it is actually the Tenderloin -- a notoriously bad part of town. Our local friends were worried for our safety.2. The front desk staff are unbelievably uninformed about the neighbourhood. We asked where we could do our laundry, and were met with blank stares and no real effort made to assist finding a place. A few minutes of our own reconnaissance around the neighbourhood revealed two launderettes within a two block radius! Needless to say when my husband went to do the laundry in the early evening, he was worried that a homeless person would run off with our clothes, or worse.3. The restaurant, while trendy, is quite expensive and the service is not very friendly. 4. There is an overall attitude of unwarranted pretentiousness to this place. Really, its not worth the money to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MARKofSJC
<Content>Penthouse -- 'Pretty Woman' recreated Wanted to surprise my wife with a birthday trip, using a pretty woman theme.Our travel agent found a penthouse room for a price comperable to a regular room at a swanky hotel. While there wasn't a balcony, it was really great.Hotel and penthouse was awesume. Penthouse was beautifully furnished with nice sized bedroom, separate bathroom that wasn't palatial, but good sized, and huge living room with fireplace (burns candels, not wood) and views out of every window. Room was very quiet and hotel bent over backwards to make the weekend special. Arranged wife's fav flowers in the room and provided nice bottle of complimentry wine. They were great in handling reservations and directing us on best ways to go to various destinations. Even got us in to TWO restaurants that were supposidly very difficult to get reservations for.Would go back again!  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel Staying at the Hotel Adagio was the highpoint of 3 weeks in hotels across the northern west coast. The staff was excellent - very friendly and accomodating. The valet usually RAN to get our car, and always with a smile. The bed was HEAVENLY. The design was very much to our tastes and liking - modern, but with masculine and earthy colors. The word is that this hotel borders on a less-than-desirable neighborhood, but in reality it is not in the LEAST BIT unsafe. It is 2 blocks from Union Square, and easily accessible to just about anything. The parking is attended all night. I felt totally safe and didn't see anything sketchy anywhere nearby. We couldn't have been happier. Thanks Hotel Adagio!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cheab
<Content>Attractive Hotel But Unfriendly Staff and Noisy Our visit to the Adagio did not start very well since the directions given with our email confirmation were wrong (You cannot turn from Post onto Geary) and person that answered phone at hotel was impatient and unhelpful. After almost an hour of one-way streets and frustration, we were then faced with very pricey valet-only parking (had been told would cost $29 but was actually $29/day + 15% for not sure what!). But, I must say the hotel was lovely, very clean and chic. The hallways were kind of spooky - long, narrow and somewhat cramped-feeling. The room was large and had the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. That is - if we could have slept. Sirens and shouts and noises all night long made sleeping impossible. Old building so had to open windows for air. Bathroom and bathtub were small but very clean. Nothing shabby in this hotel. In a different location, this hotel itself might have been nice.Free internet service in lobby was great and convenient.We picked the location because it was close to theater for which we had tickets and we wanted to walk. But, we were accosted by transient and homeless every 10 steps. Not hotel's fault I guess.All in all, I don't think I would return to this hotel. The staff were very snobby and unfriendly - if they weren't it may have made up for a lot of the above.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kiwiuk
<Content>This was certainly different!       View of hotel  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location Hotel Adagio is in a fantastic location. Not far from Union Square (3 blocks) but far enough to get away from the noise. Our room was on the 12th floor and was very clean and quiet. The bed was a bit soft for my personal preference. Facilities are good including free Internet access in the lobby and afternoon cookies. We are really pleased we stayed near Union Square rather than Fisherman's Wharf. We were able to walk just about everywhere including Downtown, Financial District, Chinatown, Nob Hill, even Coit tower. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in SF.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Choice in SF Incredible hotel with exceptional service!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best kept secret in SF! We stayed in the Hotel Adagio for 2 nights in September. The food, service, and overall experience was excellent. Things that slip under the radar when chosing hotels is the life around the hotel. Adagio is walking distance to downtown and all kinds of nightlife!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab! I live in San Francisco and treated my boyfriend to a weekend at the Adagio for his birthday. The service and rooms were great. We had a great dinner at Cortez. The location is perfect for San Francisco nightlife and restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio is Amazing The Adagio is truly a unique experience of service, color environment and texture. The entire package was a pleasure to experience. The decor feels warm and comfortable and the hotel employees are beyond reproach. I can say that I will not stay at another hotel when I visit San Francisco. The location is also in a wonderfull section of town with easy access to the best parts of the city.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio the Place to Stay My partner and I stayed at Hotel Adagio over Valentine's Day--and we weren't disappointed. From the comfortable and spacious accommodations to the friendly, attentive staff, the Adagio doesn't disappoint. In addition, their prime SF location and trendy on-site restaurant (Cortez) make this an ideal place to stay whether you are a local resident looking to celebrate a special moment or an out-of-towner looking for upscale, yet affordable accommodations.We highly recommend the Adagio for any traveler!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Adagio: One of the best! What a beautiful hotel! I must admit, I was not sure about the area, or exact block either, but when you walk into the hotel it is incredible! Very soft, muted color tones with a burst of orange! Very classy, very nice! The rooms were even better, very well manicured and clean, yet very, very cozy! I stayed there for my 30th B-Day and had a great time! They were very accomodating and hospitable. I highy recomend staying there, I will be going back for sure!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JPB
<Content>Great choice! Overall, great place to stay. Room (King bed) was more than adequate in size and comfortably appointed. Loved the corner room which offered several windows and lots of light. Nice touches, like the hot water kettle and plenty of tea/coffee in the room, and coffee/tea/candy in the lobby. Cortez restaurant was wonderful for dinner. Staff was very friendly and helpful with all requests, including an upgrade when only a second floor room (queen) was available. The only thing I found curious is that despite all the advertisement, I didn't really consider the hotel to be 'in Union Square', though the 2 block walk was fine. Would definitely consider going back, considering the great price and pleasant experience.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>baharyt
<Content>This place definately rocks!!! Having been to San Francisco many times over the last fifteen years, We've got to say we were impressed. This hotel is in the best location and has a very hip vibe. At the same time it is very comforable and homey. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was good sized. We had a junior suite on one of the upper floors. It was quiet with very little street noise.We checked out the trendy Clift Hotel which is a block and a half away and more expensive. It seemed kind of sterile in comparison to the Adagio. Don't bother! The Adagio is less expensive and has a warmer feel.We are very grateful to Trip Advisor for helping us find such a great hotel.Michael and David  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has Potential, But Needs Work We stayed six nights at this hotel and, if not for the cheap $125/night rate, we might have looked elsewhere. I frequently stay at boutique-type hotels and love them, but this hotel does not have the polish needed to justify charging over $200/night. We will not be returning.SERVICE: Not great. Only one time did we have the front door opened for us, each time we wanted to park our car we had to walk down the alley and call the valet over to the street. The front desk is indifferent, unable to provide any management support on weekends and, when contacted during the week, management was nice enough but the sincerity was missing. They took our bags upon check in, but the wait for them was so long we went back down to get them ourselves. We also experienced the fire alarm at 1:45, with not a word of apology, explanation or attempt to make up for it. ROOMS: The rooms are true to the photos on the web site. The beds were comfortable, sheets a little itchy, nice down duvet, pillows could use more feathers. Beds are on rolling casters 鈥?housekeeping didn鈥檛 get them turned the right way which lead to a stubbed toe and split toenail, not fun for walking around the city so watch your step. No air conditioning and rainy days lead to hot rooms, even with the windows open and the fan on. Of course, with the windows open it does get very noisy so be sure to bring a noise machine if you are a light sleeper. Bathroom had a great sink (faucet is set back way to far though, tough to get your hands underneath without getting water everywhere) and nice Aveda shampoo, conditioner, soap and body lotion. The walls and bathtub/shower look like they weren鈥檛 updated when this hotel took over, except for the shower curtain. The tub is small and old, the walls tiled with grout turning black but the water is pretty soft and the shower had decent pressure. The hot water kettle and innovate coffee server were nice touches, but overall the room gave the sense that they were trying for a minimalist feel, but forgot to finish it.LOCATION: Valet parking is available at $30/night. Walking distance to Union Square (chain department store/specialty shopping), theaters, cable car, BART and MUNI. We walked all over the city and found more beggars in this neighborhood than anywhere else, but we still felt safe.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great find near union square I found the adagio to be a great choice. A friendly comfortable hotel on every level, with guest rooms way above average in design and details. The room was terrific, with comfortable furniture and mattress, atractive colors and nice quaity fabrics, and really good lighting, and an overhead fan. There were convenient outlets and data ports, a good minibar set up with a new and clean hot water kettle and complementary tea and coffee, all well designed down to the mugs and glassware. The bathroom was nothing spectacular, and a little too small, but clean and new, with all the right amenities: Frette towels, q tips, aveda products. I caught a cold on my flight over and delayed my stay one day - my partner and I had room service dinner - a great steak and a plate of warm fresh baked chocolate chip cookies. All the service was good. Things I liked: coffee and candies and cookies in the lobby, two computers with internet in the business center, the morning newpaper at the door, and guides to SF that can be requested, very good dinner and breakfast at Cortez (service was a little slow...but not too bad). All in all a great find, as good as the other very positive reviews make it out to be.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>10slady
<Content>Where's the hospitality? I recently spent three nights at this hotel and never once was I or my companion greeted as we came and went during the course of our stay. Twice I asked for restaurant and transportation recommendations and was met with complete indifference. The fire alarm went off at 1:45AM one night and when I finally reached someone at the front desk all I got was, Sorry folks, false alarm - with a chuckle. Pretty unnerving to say the least. Even upon check-out we weren't asked how our visit was or thanked for our stay. I guess we're just used to a little hospitality, or just plain common courtesy. We were happy with the room - the beds were very comfortable, and the location is good. But, for my money, I'd prefer a front desk staff that at least acknowledges my presence and cares that I'm staying at their hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hillstar
<Content>Great design, but no Air Conditioning spoiled my stay My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Adagio on Friday March 19th, but I had to check out Saturday morning because I couldn't get any sleep. The rooms have no Air Conditioning and even though it was cool outside and the ceiling fan was on High, it was still too warm. We opened the windows but then the sirens and buses kept me up all night. The hotel itself was very nice and modern with some nice perks. The staff was helpful, but for $215.00 per night, I expect a good night sleep. We checked out and went to the Clift Hotel accross the street for $235.00 with a very comfortable bed and great A/C! If you get a rate of $150 or under and OK without AC, the Adagio will be a nice stay. I wouldn't come back, though.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience My bf and I stayed at this hotel at the end of Jan. A great experience. Conveniently located near union sq. Room is spacious and nicely decorated. Complimentary internet.Aveda amenities.Frette bathrobes.Nice food at Cortez.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio was great again! I recently stayed again at the Adagio. The rooms are great, nice large size, well appointed and very stylish. The staff is so friendly and helpful. We had a problem with our luggage from the airport (lost), and the staff did everything they could to make sure we got it promptly. They even gave us discount coupons to shopping on Union Square to help us buy some outfits until we got our luggage. So sweet! We will definitely keep coming back and recommending to others. Also, Cortez, the restaurant, is still amazing!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bravo Adagio! Very cool hotel! The staff matched the decor perfectly - fun and modern. Rooms were surprisingly spacious and beds were comforable. Free internet was very convenient. Wonderful views of the city from our room. The Cortez restaurant and bar had great food and drinks - great crabcakes and prawns! Would definitely go back!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just all right... We stayed here for our one year anniversary celebration. We were very excited, and upon check in felt that since we were so young, we did not receive the service expected. Our jacuzzi (which was promised) was just a regular tub. The staff was quiet and did not offer to help us or even acknowledge that we were entering or leaving the hotel. Nothing was bad, but nothing was spectacular either.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LKCandACC
<Content>Lovely hotel in a great location We stayed at the Hotel Adagio for 3 nights mid-January 2005. It is a wonderful boutique hotel in a great location. Union Square is only a few blocks away. There are a lot of homeless people, but you can't avoid it in San Francisco, especially the areas with the tourists. We never felt unsafe, even walking at night. The hotel staff is very friendly, patient, and funny. The lobby is beautiful and intimate. Check out the light fixtures - very clever. The room is very comfortable and well decorated. Our room faced the back, so we had no street noise. The workout room had some nice equipment and plenty of tvs. The breakfast (not included with our room rate) at Cortez seemed a little expensive, but we received a lot for our money, and it was delicious. It was well worth it. They had Tazo tea available in the lobby, and brought cookies out in the afternoon too. The bed was very comfortable and the room seemed big for a hotel in a large city. We would definitely stay in the Hotel Adagio on our next trip to San Fran.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful hotel with fantastic staff My husband and I stayed at Hotel Adagio during a short trip in SFC this summer on our way to Hawaii, and this ended up being the better part of our trip! This hotel is TOTALLY worth the cost. When we arrived, we were a little early and our room was not yet ready. The hotel concierge didn't even bad an eye - she looked for immediate availability, found an upgrade to a jr suite, and let us have that room for no extra cost. The staff are perfectly attentive - never really seen or heard but always there when you need them. The room was clean, the bed was one of the best I've ever slept in, the towels/sheets were wonderfully crisp and white (which we had piles and piles of). Bathroom accessories by aveda. The bartender was exceptional and friendly as well. Room decor was very classy - minimalist with a little extra money put into the choices can go a long way in a hotel. Even the elevator was cool. The entire hotel had a sense of hipness about it without being pretentious. I HIGHLY reccommend Hotel Adagio to anyone visiting SFC - what a treat!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location We stayed at the Adagio over Halloween 2004 and enjoyed almost everything about it. Despite there being a problem with the restaurant's kitchen for most of our stay which meant it was closed, we did manage to get in on our last night and the food was excellent.We read reviews that concerned us about the location but we thought it was excellent. Not even 5 minutes to Union Square on foot and although we did pass a couple of homeless on our way we always felt safe enough. The room was excellent and the staff friendly. We were confused as some reviewers said they were rather rude and unhelpful. Absolutely not in our case. Perhaps it has something to do with the way you deal with them?We were in California for three weeks and got through quite a few hotels but this one was by far the best.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was not impressed with hotel adagio! After reading all the good reviews and looking up the website I thought the Adagio was the perfect hotel for my weekend getaway.The architecture lovely,the room clean comfortable.The coffeemaker they include is a total joke it was a plastic container used to boil water!The bathrobes that were suppose to be included were not and when I called the front desk they told me they didnt think they had any left.Finally one was sent . The people that work in the hotel all but 2 that I talked to were rude a lot of bad communication between staff I got a different answer from different people over the most simple things I would think staff should know when working for the hotel.Do you have a shuttle service to airport?I got 1 yes,3 no.I didnt find the coffee maker in room?2 yes its there,2 no there arent any in rooms.I can go on and on but it really isnt worth it,I just think if you plan on staying there dont say you were warned at least by one reader.The staff needs to work on people skills and good work ethics!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonLola
<Content>Good location, comfortable (except electrics!), and excellent food at Cortez Stayed at the Hotel Adagio in Oct.04, our first time in SF. Very good central location, appreciated the mini guides offered when we checked in. The room was nice  spacious, only problem we had was with the electrics. If you use the hairdryer whilst your partner is watching TV or boiling the kettle, you blow the fuse! it happened twice during our short stay and it's not very practical to be in your bathrobe trying to find the phone in pitch black  call reception... anyway an electrician came each time within 15min and replaced the fuse. he said this happened from time to time and suggested we didnt have all the lights switched on at the same time (?!) apart from that, the room was great (comfy bed!)Communication at the hotel was so-so. When we arrived we had pre-booked via the internet for 3 nights and requested to extend our stay by 4 nights. The gentleman at reception said there was no problem and made a note of our revised check out date. However 3 days later we were called by reception asking us why we hadnt checked out! In the end the lady found the note left by her colleague few days before and all was sorted but again, not the sort of things you expect at such hotel. We had dinner at the restaurant Cortez and that was absolutely amazing, i would definitely recommend it (you have to book). So overall a good place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the cheesy run-of-the-mill hotel room Stayed at Hotel Adagio on Feb. 14, 2004. Hotel Adagio is great! The room didn't have the cheesy floral bedspread that matches the drapes, like so many hotels (eg. Motel 6, Holiday Inn). The sheets and curtains were in nice earth tones. The bed had a comfy down comforter. Bathroom well-stocked with Aveda products. Room service food from restaurant downstairs was also great! Super close to Union Square. Highly recommend this place!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janet033
<Content>Enjoyed The Adagio very much I stayed at the Adagio over Thanksgiving weeekend and enjoyed the hotel very very much. I was upgraded from a queen to a king, the room was very comfortable with a nice couch, large desk and good sized bathroom. The Aveda products in the bathroom are an extra treat. My room was in the back of the hotel, away from the street so it was very quiet. I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Adagio The Adagio is terrific! My boyfriend and I stayed there in late August, 2004 for 5 days and loved it! The whole place has a hip vibe. Our room was always cleaned very thouroughly, the staff was courteous, and.... best of all.... after a long day of treking up  down San Fran's hills, there was usually complimentary lemonade waiting for us in the lobby area. It's also in a great location, central to a lot of things. We are so glad we chose the Adagio, it was the icing on a wonderful vacation.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>innkeeperford
<Content>Great Stay, I look frowar to staying here again. I liked the location, room decor and detail. The food in the Cortez was excellent as was the service throughout the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I surprised my boyfriend with a trip to San Francisco for his birthday and was thrilled with Hotel Adagio. The staff is excellent: made recommendations, were prompt with requests, reservations, friendly and helpful beyond expectations. We did not experience any of the problems with mechanical failures that some other guests have written about. The room was clean, airy, roomy, well-decorated, and the down pillow top mattress was an extra plus. We stayed in the king suite which has a large private balcony overlooking the city -The view is breathtaking. In fact, I wouldnt mind living here. The Cortez Restaurant is great too! If you want to avoid the 300+room, overdecorated theme hotels for one with more intimate setting and personal service, stay at the Hotel Adagio.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Perfect, But Perfectly Comfortable My wife and I stayed here October 15-18 as part of an anniversary trip before heading to Napa. I had read reviews here and would say that I found kernels of truth from both the extremely positive reviews and extremely negative reviews of the hotel. We were on the fourth floor on the street, which indeed was very loud--particularly Friday and Sauturday night because of the night club across the street. But we wrote this off as a typical big city experience... every large city I've ever stayed in has been louder than the burbs. We shut the windows, and it got a little better--but the room indeed got warm without the windows open.Other than that, the room itself was very comfortable and clean. We didn't have in-depth interaction with the staff, but the few dealings we had were very pleasant. There was one unfortunate incident one evening around midnight when the fire alarm went off... as the fire trucks pulled up and we started down the stairwell wondering what on earth was happening, a janitor yelled up that it was a false alarm. That was a bit unfortunate...The hotel's location made it great for taking off on foot, though. We enjoyed San Francisco, and felt like we got a good deal for the money compared to other SF hotels. I'd say if you want a convenient, comfortable place to sleep while you're touring the city, the Adagio is ideal. If you're into luxury hotels and are expecting more than just a nice place to sleep, then make a different choice.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a treat We spent three nights at the Adagio from 10/5 - 10/7. Although you can find cheaper accomodation near Union Square we were thrilled with the quality of the furnishings, the location and the overall ambience of the hotel.We had made some requests on our booking form e.g. high floor (to escape the street noise) and a roll-away bed, that were not forthcoming when we arrived. However a quick visit back to reception and we were moved from the fourth floor to the eighth and the roll-away was brought promptly. (A note: The windows have inner and outer panes - we did not realise this and found the room to be very noisy on the first night - in the morning, in the daylight, I realised that we could close the outer pane as well and the street noise was totally alleviated).The Aveda products in the bathroom were a treat as was the fresh lemonade in the reception area in the afternoon, to quench the thirst after a long day's touring.The only minor complaint was that the bath did not drain and the toilet did not flush. Although housekeeping was called, it was after 9pm and they had no-one to fix the problems. They were however repaired the next day.The rooms are exactly as portrayed on the website and I have never had a more comfortable bed at a hotel.The rooms have free high speed internet access (bring your laptop).I would highly recommend the Adagio for both business and holiday travellers.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Long time enthusiast about this hotel I have enjoyed this hotel when it was the El Cortez and the Shannon Court. Since it was renovated as the Adagio, I like it even more and recommend it to all my friends. I have never had experiences like those mentioned in the negative reviews: the staff are always friendly (recognize me, even though only a six-time-a-year patron) and very helpful. The new room decor is modern and minimalist; very comfortable; bathrooms clean; everything is new. I use the exercise room (which I usually don't use at hotels). The new small-dish restaurant, Cortez, and bar serve very interesting food. The hotel's location is perfect. Though close on one side to the undesirable Tenderloin district, we walk all over the neighborhood in the other directions. Many small art galleries, elegant shopping around Union Square (3 blocks), theater, nearby drug store and grocery, restaurants. Parking is conveniently next door; in and out privileges. It's my favorite hotel!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wurly_monster
<Content>Recommended I read many of the comments here before deciding on the Hotel Adagio, and I pretty much got what I expected. My room was on the 6th floor, and was refurbished and designed similar to the pictures available. The room was very spacious with everything I could hope for. The bathroom is great, and the TV and cable channels selection were good. One minor point is that the advertised CD player is merely a small clock radio type player that consequenly sounds really tinny - so I didn't use it.The hotel is a few blocks from Union Square - so in a very handy location.The hotel has a gymnasium that is quite decent.I think this hotel for its location and quality is very good value.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>josef3
<Content>Not again in my lifetime Contacted hotel prior to arrival to ensure early check in; was told no problem whatsoever. I arrived and the front desk clerk (male with dark hair and black rimmed glasses) proceeded to arrogantly inform me that they do not guarantee early check ins and to come back later. The rest of the staff at the desk were pleasant. Returned around 3:30 and checked in. Executive Junior Suite on 12th floor; minimalist pier one-ish looking if you are into that. Draperies had paint on them; panel by TV. Because of the floor heater the drapes on one wall were cut to fit over the heater and then were a different length on the second panel. Not aesthetically pleasing; who is the interior designer? Saturday morning from 8 am on, I listened to doors slam in the corridor for two hours and I thought I would lose my mind; Rooms are not sound proofed. And here is the best part of the stay, on Saturday morning we left for the day and left the used towels in the bathtub. When we returned, the same towels were hung back up on the towel rack which is strategically placed over the toilet (again designer?) We could tell they were the same towels as they were wet and one had a hole in it. For $219 a night, we like fresh towels without holes in them. Cornered a maid in the hallway and demanded new towels. She asked that I not say anything to her supervisor; I didn't. The bathroom: The wall that the extendable vanity mirror is attached to was in dire need of fresh paint and the walls in the bathroom by toilet were dirty. If management reads this, the room is 1209. WOULD NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. Usually stay at the Palomar or the Mandarin Oriental; they were booked.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Front Desk Staff Lack Customer Service Skills The staff was terrible. We purchased the pamper package directly from their website, when we arrived we were told that we didn't purchase it. The next day we paid for the previous night's bill and noticed that we were charged for the pamper package. The front desk staff weren't helpful at all when we asked for a credit. In fact, they looked at us in doubt as though we did in fact receive the voucher for a pedicure. After going back and forth several times, we finally received a credit. Only to find that we were still overcharged. The rooms were great, not too big but most rooms in SF aren't that big. That hotel should invest in some customer service/satisfaction training for their front desk staff. Unfortunately, I would not recommend this hotel to others, nor would I stay there again. There are hundreds of other hotels that I'm sure have much friendlier staff.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not stay at the Adagio again! Not worth the money! We found the bathroom to be small and dirty. The hotel was obviously remodeled, but they forgot to remodel the bathroom. The bedroom decor was nice (just like the pictures). The staff made several errors during our stay - didn't clean the room, didn't deliver the complimentary newspaper. It was the little things that made our stay unenjoyable at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent quiet hotel u must go to dottie's cafe for breakfast!! CAN'T RECOMMEND THAT LITTLE CAFE ENOUGH!Just a minute's walk from the hotel. Always has queues but worth the wait when you want a decent home cooked breakfast / lunch without any airs and graces. The owner does the cooking himself - so from the heart ;) ...try the fresh pancakes!! Closed Tuesdays and only open from 7:30am -3pm. But enough of that back to the hotel!!...Great location and hotel had a nice feel to it. Although not perfect (the room was decent, a good size, and modern but the bathroom looked a little worn in places). Liked the lounge area for my business meetings - had wireless, and lots of plug sockets for laptops and was reasonably quiet.Service was excellent.They also hand you a form on arrival where you can select the categories you want more info on (eating out, romantic places, good walks...etc). Which was very good.Also recommend Cha Cha Cha Cuban restaurant.Try the warm spinach salad! Was taken there by a local, again good food without the prices and great music (I liked it anyway!) reggae, latin and dancehall...Dotties and Cha Cha Cha details were provided by the hotel.Would stay there again... but also liked the look of the Clift hotel not far away - looked a bit noisier and less suitable for business meetings though.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>adagio with strings attached! We checked numerous hotels in the San Fran area prior to booking, the major difficulty was finding anything completely objective and that gave a good overview of the area. The location for the Adagio is super, close to Union Square (2 blocks/5 minute walk) however, you are on the border of the Tenderloin district which is a little on the rough side with many panhandlers on the street, although to be fair they didn't really bother us. There are reasonable eateries locally for breakfast/dinner, but, they do all serve much the same fare. Now back to the hotel! Its a nice, clean hotel only losing marks for it's location, hence the 3 stars, but don't let this put you off as many higher graded hotels are close by. Overall if I were to return to SF I would probably stay again as we got a good deal and reasonably happy with our value for money.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely! My husband and I spent the first five night of our honeymoon at this hotel. The room was extremely comfortable (we were lucky enough to get a corner room), the service was impeccable, there was no air-conditioning but the ceiling fan was fine. The location was perfect as well. After the first few nights we realised that we didn't need to go very far to find the best restaurants and bars. It is on the edge of the Tenderloin which means that you get the occasional homeless person passing you. But to be frank, show me any major city that doesn't have homeless people even in the nicest areas. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would be happy to return.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again! Two nights - never again! No aircondition, sloppy service, unsafe neigborhood, extrem noisy hallways (doors automatically slam shut), I could go on and on and on. Do NOT believe the flood of positive comments posted here (funny most of them showed up in the first week of August and are from CA, it seems to me the hotel employees had some spare time to post . . .).There are dozens of better choices in SFO.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingsmc46
<Content>Great Hotel + Staff = Great Experience My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was one of the best experiences we have had in terms of lodging. The rooms are a great size for San Francisco and have been renovated giving it a very trendy look, but yet still very comfortable to be in. The staff was very helpful in making sure we were having a pleasant experience and were very good at recommending places to dine, visit, and getting around the city.The hotel is near Union Square and is enough blocks away that you are away from some of the noise but are still a close walk. When we are back in San Fran, we will be staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are many choices....Pick this one I wanted to find something special for our 6th anniversary so I relied heavily on the reviews posted here. I lucked out!!!!Picking a hotel is a challenge since my wife is a Flight Attendant spending up to 18 nights per month in hotels. The chain hotels start to look the same very quickly and their cookie cutter style and perfunctory service would not win me any points.Adagio has a good location near Union Square, chic appealing decor, good sized room (we had an executive suite), comfortable beds and sqeaky squeaky clean bathroom. Free in-room safe and relatively cheap mini bar and my wife loved the Aveda products in the bathroom.The service from the desk was very helpful and attentive. The restoration of the building was impeccable.A special note for Cortez, the adjoining restaurant.The service was so friendly and personable I would have invited these people to my house. The small plate food concept provided an excellent opportunity to sample some very innovative cuisine.Eating at a classy uptown restaurant amongst apparently well-heeled clientele I was concerned that we might not be treated well because we had our 4 year old (very well travelled but 4 yrs. old nonetheless) with us for dinner and we were dressed for walking the city. Wrong...we were treated like royalty. The waiters all took the time to greet us and our waiter even timed our dinner perfectly so we could enjoy the experience and catch our car to the airport on time.We highly recommend Adagio, it exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel I like stylish hotels, this is why I chose the Adagio and here are my comments:Room: not too big but very well furnished and decorated. The design is modern and simple, there is an excellent selection of tea and coffee and the minibar has low prices. The bathroom was just OK, nothing special. Staff: I really can't understand why everybody liked the staff. We found the front desk staff very impersonal and not courteous enough. I work in a deluxe hotel in Rome and know exactly how it should be, so I even get more angry when guests are not treated in the proper way because I know what are my rights and what I should expect. When we checked in the boy was not at all friendly. The following morning I called him to say that our sink was not working properly and he told me that it would be fixed in a few hours. When I returned back in the evening, of course nothing was done and nobody apologised. As I expected, the following day as well no action was taken. I did not complain further, as I only had to stay for 4 nights in total. Parking: it is really expensive in San Francisco. In this hotel we had to spend like 35 dollars per night, which is really not comparable to the good rate we had for the hotel. Anyway, you don't have any choice if you have your own car.Restaurant: service there is excellent, the staff is great and the food is good. After 2 weeks of fast food and Mexican food, we really had enough, so we wanted to try a few restaurants in San Francisco. We noticed that there were a lot of local clients, not staying at the hotel, which is always a good sign. Food was very good, price adequate.I would definitely return to this hotel, despite the front desk staff.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio has more charm than most higher priced places! My wife and I were just in San Francisco for a week and absoulutely loved the Hotel Adagio. It is stylish, hip, and charming, all the while maintaining a cozy, homey feel. After looking at other hotels, even visiting many of them while we were there, we thought the Adagio had more style than most. The rooms are spacious (compared to most in the area), bright and airy during the day, and ambient at night with the neat lighting. the color scheme is fantastic. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom very clean and practical. The staff was mostly young, sociable, and extremely helpful and accomodating. As far as the location, it is very central and convenient to Union Square and many other sites. As I have noted on other travel sites, there are homeless people and panhandlers in the area, but that seems to be the case EVERYWHERE in SF, at least while we were there. Common sense and alertness is all that should be necessary to avoid trouble, particularly if you keep in the right directions. The staff is more than happy to help with the best ways to get to the sites and attractions. Just to note, we also stayed at the Hotel Palomar while we were there, and the Adagio holds right up alongside that very hip and popular hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantasic Value  Coming from a very conservative and modern city, my experience at the Hotel Adagio was excellent to say the least. The staff was very attractive and very helpful, we received service with a smile from the time we checked in to the day we checked out. The rooms are an excellent value for the price. I have very expensive taste and typically do five star resorts and this hotel is beautifully done. The room I had was a Junior Suite, and it was gorgeous. (even had Aveda products in the room) I travel to San Francisco quite often on both business and pleasure, and my stays within the city range all over the place. I would recommend the Hotel Adagio by far over any other hotel within the same area. A fabulous restaurant and bar, free internet service and friendly staff. What more can you ask for?  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>August 2004 at the Adagio Had a great time at this hotel last week. Clean, well-maintained rooms and friendly staff in a central location. The rooms have a minimalist decor that it is a welcome contrast to the overblown approach of comparable US hotels. You could quibble about the neighbourhood but the Adagio is inside the boundary of the creeping gentrification of the Tenderloin. Sure you do encounter a few street people whenever you step outside, but the hookers operate a couple of blocks further up Geary and the shootings didn't get any closer than that while I was there. I never felt unsafe of an evening with reasonable precautions - this location is no worse than many other US city hotels in its class and much better than some I have stayed in. Don't be too prissy, accept SF for the kind of city that it is and focus on what's inside the hotel - which is excellent value. Don't miss the breakfasts either - the French toast brioche is a knockout.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Getaway We enjoyed our weekend stay at Hotel Adagio, our room was lovely, the staff was very friendly and gave us great recommendations for restaurants. The location was close to shopping and good dining. The hotel is very reasonably priced for such outstanding accommodations.We would definitely stay there again in the future!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Place but Hotel Adagio I have placed several of my business associates here and they all have loved it. Service is impeccable and the hotel is very stylish. The Front Office Manager is very helpful and his staff goes above and beyond the call of duty.If your travels bring you to the city by the bay, STAY HERE~  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Adagio Wonderful experience; close by Union Square - I was impressed by the uniquness of the hotel decor and reasonable price for the cost of the room. The staff was very helpful. I would definately come back and stay!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Hotel Adagio I thought the Adagio was quite pleasant. The location could not be any closer than I want to go. Staff was nice, room was clean and peacefull to stay in. I would definitely stay at the Adagio again and already have recommended it to friends and family. All in all, it was no Holiday Inn or Double tree or Marriot,.... and that's a good thing. It was unique in itself.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful adagio The Hotel Adagio was absolutely beautiful. The view of the city was wonderful. All of the staff were extremely courteous. I would recommend the hotel to anyone who wants an enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The greatest hotel in San Fran I went with a few people to San Francisco for a long weekend, and we luckily stayed at Hotel Adagio. The rooms were incredible, the service was impeccable, and the restaurant was amazing! I am pretty picky about hotels, and this place really was great. We literally didn't want to leave. I plan on staying there whenever I go to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish Hotel and Friendly Staff Our stay at the Adagio was a wonderful experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was outstanding, with a fresh contemporary design that sets it apart from run-of-the-mill hotels in the same price range. The bed was extremely comfortable, and our room had a great view. I'm definately staying there on my next visit to San Francisco!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Adagio rocked! The service and the stay was wonderful. If we needed something brought to our room, it was there within minutes. I would recommend The Hotel Adagio to any of my friends or relatives.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!!! The Hotel Adagio is absolutely FABULOUS! The location was key, staff ever so accommodating, rooms extremely spacious with visually appeasing earthy tones, aveda spa products, a hot-spot restaurant located right in the lobby, timely valet service and an overall hip and upbeat atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this property to any of my friends traveling to the SF area - and already have. The Adagio is everything you would want from an upscale boutique hotel experience. Thanks for providing a wonderful time for my boyfriend's birthday weekend! :)  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazed by the Adagio The service at the Adagio and their restaurant Cortez is impeccable. The rooms are well appointed with beautiful details that you don't typically expect in a boutique type hotel, especially considering the size of the rooms! I will try to stay at the Adagio on my next visit to SF.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Always Adagio! I had the best time at Adagio...the food was great and most of all, the staff! I highly recommend it as one of the Hot Spots in SF.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty disappointing The non-smoking room smelled like smoke, the hotel doors slam shut (there's no way to close them quietly) so we heard people coming and going all night, housekeeping was vacuuming in the hall at 8:30am. Far from the worst place we've ever stayed, but the annoyances far outweighed any charm.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little too expensive for what you get I really have no complaints about this hotel, the staff was courteous, the room was clean (although very small). The sheets on the bed were sub-par, which I wouldnt complain about except for the fact that we were paying $180 a night. Overall, my stay was plesant but I would only stay here again if I got a significantly discounted rate. My advice is to check out the Chancellor Hotel...its closer to union square, has the same size rooms and service, but is half the price. The only difference between the two is that the Chancellor's lobby isnt as nice, and the carpet is older at the Chancellor as well.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kellybid
<Content>Good value, very minor issues, would recommend We stayed here July 1-3, 2004 and despite minor issues, I would recommend this hotel. I've stayed at far worse in the Union Square area and I think the Hotel Adagio is a good value.Yes, it's on the edge of a bad neighborhood, but what isn't in the Union Square area? And yes, it doesn't have AC, but most hotels in SF don't--they hardly ever need it. (It got down into the 50's at night in July.) If AC is that big of a deal to you, please read the hotel websites carefully or call ahead to ask!My issues, both good and not so good:1) I asked for non-feather pillows prior to check-in and had to call housekeeping myself after check-in to get them. 2) I booked via the internet (which sometimes worries me regarding room type) but we received a corner room that was larger than expected.3) The lighting in the bathroom could be improved (but this is a common issue with me in hotels). 4) The water pressure was unexpectedly good for being on the 11th floor. 5) We didn't see the list of available travel guides provide by the hotel until day of check-out. I wish they had been pointed out to us at check-in.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Zoezer
<Content>Great place, good value My husband and I stayed at the Adagio in April 2004. We lived in the Bay Area for 3 years and have also stayed in several SF hotels. We loved the hotel and decided to stay there again at the end of our trip. The hotel is beautifully designed, has a great restaurant and friendly staff. The location is excellent, there are homeless people everywhere around Union Square and you just need to accept that. There are a few downsides - lack of air conditioning is rarely a problem in SF but we did have some freakishly hot weather and felt it! The valet parking service is poor and service is a bit inconsistent. However for a hotel in this price range it is an excellent value, especially for lovers of modern design.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than expected! After reading several reviews of the Adagio we were unsure as to what to expect. We had booked in for a 3 night stay on a fly-drive of California. However, we were both pleasantly surprised. The valet came straight out to our car when we arrived and all the service we received during our stay was attentive and courteous. Our room did smell a little of smoke (we had requested a no-smoking room) however everything else in the room was clean and nicely presented. Very comfortable bed and minimal but nice bathroom. One of the best things about the Adagio was the new Cortez restaurant. Amazing food and a great atmoshpere. It's obviously very popular with the locals. Maybe my expectations were lowered after reading some unfavourable reviews, but we had an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ruined our trip Where do I start? The surly service? Being charged $25 more per night than the rate I signed up for? The cheap quality of the furnishings? Drove to SF planning to stay for several nights visiting friends and family. Used to live in SF so I knew the neighborhood is not good, but I figured the hotel would be since it had a 4star rating. First, waited out front for the valet for several minutes. This was at 5pm when the street is swarming with commuter traffic. Husband went into hotel with our luggage, the staff were laughing together behind the check in counter (probably at us struggling with our own bags). After a few more minutes, one of them came forward as the valet and took the car keys. The next surprise was that the rate I agreed to on the internet was $25 lower than the rate they printed on the invoice they wanted me to sign before checking in. When I pointed this out, the desk clerk only said in a snobby tone this is quite a good rate, I assure you. At this point I was so frustrated with these people, I just wanted to get in my room, so I signed and took my key. The room seemed nice, with a view, until we saw highly visible stains all over the linens. We immediately asked for a clean room, and were sent down the hall to a tiny dark closet of a room that was clearly less valuable than the room we had just had. Still, I prefer clean to view.The next morning, I went to the front desk and asked for the manager. I was told they weren't on until 11am. When I went back, the manager still mysteriously was not available. We ended up changing our trip to 2 nights instead of 4. I would never, ever stay there again, and I encourage anyone to look elsewhere if they want clean rooms and friendly, helpful staff.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gmansmom
<Content>Nice hotel for a good price We stayed here in late May 2004 for a very reasonable rate (about half of Tripadvisor's displayed rate). It has a trendy atmosphere and the staff was helpful. Attached is the restaurant Cortez which was also trendy and nice. I don't think there's air conditioning... They did charge us for mini bar things we didn't use, but promptly adjusted the bill. Yes, there are homeless in the area, but all in all I thought it was a nice hotel for a very reasonable price in a good location.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If it isn't the summer, this hotel is great! Stayed here in June 2003 - the first week it was open! Stayed for a long weekend while attending a wedding, wanted something a bit hipper than the usual suspects (though the W and Oriental are NICE, but only when on an expense account). The good: The staff and the decor. The room layout was great, and we had some friends over for drinks - nice couch/seating for 4-6 people. The location was convienent too. Yes, the neighborhood is borderline, but lots of the places we were going were in the neighborhood so... I go to SF about 1x a year and it was the worst I had seen the neigbhorhood looking in 8 years, but not unexpected. Not much different then other major cities (i.e. NY). Staff was friendly.The bad: It was RECORD HOT, for 2 days we were there and NO A/C (I overlooked it, like others on this board - at this point, I think the hotel should POINT THIS OUT). This totally sucked, and the first night we stayed out late just so we didn't have to go back to the room! So, if you are going in the summer STAY AWAY! Another annoying thing - since it was the first week and i pointed out all sorts of things that were wrong (internet, didn't get bathrobes etc.) they said someone would call me to discuss it - no one ever did! Don't say you are if you aren't! Lastly, at the time there was no room service available - a luxury my wife and i occassionally splurge for on holiday.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boutique My wife and I stayed 2 nights late March 2004. Full marks for an honest description on the website, what you see is what you get. Booked the pamper package which was nice although the included breakfast was'nt much of a breakfast. Rooms were spacious, bed was devine and my wife loved the Aveda bathroom products. Ample tea supply for tea lovers however we are coffee drinkers and not enough was supplied. Being our first time to San Francisco we originally thought to stay in Fishermans Wharf area but we were glad we chose to stay in close proximity to Union square. Homeless people, sure they were on every street corner but we found friendly and polite.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>circuitboitravel
<Content>Hello, I thought I was at Trading Spaces So you walk in the lobby, I thought it looked like Rob and Laura Petrie's livingroom from the Dick Van Dyke Show. I know Trendy, 60's is in, but come on folks work with me here, its UGLY, it was UGLY in the 60's.The Wi-fy, less than pleasant. I couldn't connect in the morning.The WATER PRESURE in the bathroom was worse than SUCKY. There is none!The bathroom sink is nice to look at, but you need an owners manuel to work the faucet. The safe to store your laptop, would not accomodate mine.The ICE machine is in the frickin BASEMENT. The signage on the hotel is not visable unless you look up. The neighborhood is really sketchy at night. 1 block with a wrong turn and you are in the bad part of the tenderloin.Lastly, there is NO AIRCONDITIONING! Our ceiling fan had a mind of its own, it comes on and off by itself, I understand that the remote controls from other rooms will activate your ceiling fan 1-4 rooms away.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lemonade
<Content>Nice! My husband and I (in our late 30s) stayed at the Adagio and found it to be a great pick. Our room was very quiet and the staff was wonderfully friendly. The room we had looked just like the picture on their website and was comfy. They have done a nice job with the modern renovation of the property. The hotel is close to many major bus and subway connections and is also close to the Powell and Mason cable car. There are tons of homeless in the area and certain streets should be avoided - they looked dicey to us and we are tough New Yorkers. However, noone hassled us. There are not many quality breakfast options nearby but there is a Starbucks a few blocks away. There is also a Walgreens in the vicinity. Great bonus: the hotel has two Windows workstations on the main floor where you can browse the internet for free and even print pages if need be. Perfect for those last minute travel reservations!  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be aware This hotel is surrounded by homeless. People kept asking for money as we entered the hotel. The lobby was really nice, but we were disappointed because of the bad attitude of the front desk clerk. Our room did not have A/C, which I thought was odd. Anyway, I'll try another hotel next time.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hutkov
<Content>Chic, cheap and friendly Don't pay any attention to the previous negative comments. They are unfounded or perhaps it was a different Hotel Adagio. My wife and I stayed here in February of 2004 for my 40th birthday and enjoyed every minute of our stay at the Hotel Adagio. To put this into proper perspective I travel frequently for work and stay at some of the best hotels in the country such as the Soho Grand and Le Parker Meridian in NYC as well as the Mondrian and Shutters in L.A. We chose the Adagio after considering several others such as the Clift (which is across the the street), the Rex and the Monaco. We could not have been happier with our choice. The Hotel Adagio ranks up there with all of them in terms of accomodations and helpfulness of staff. Upon arrival we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a suite for a mere $25 extra per night. What a bargain. The hotel compares to any of the Phillip Stark designed hotels, however, without all the attitude. After a long day of sightseeing and shopping we looked forward to returning to the Adagio for a couple glasses of wine at the stylish (albeit beautiful people scene) bar and then relaxing in our room. If I were returning to San Francisco tomorrow I would stay at the Hotel Adagio in a heartbeat. Do yourself a favor and stay at this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-So Let me be clear... this is NOT a new hotel! It's a refurbished old high rise close to the Tenderloin district. It's close to Union Square alright, but it's also very very close to lots of shady places in town. The immediate neighborhood looked dirty. Overall, the hotel has received a nice face lift, but there are definitely some issues here: the water pressure is god-awful, the furniture - though stylish - looks a bit cheap; elevators can take awhile; and parking really sucks. Staff is nice, but I frequently overheard casual conversations between the bell staff and the front desk employees (subject was usually cars) and some comments from the Maintenance crew (about leaks). The restaurant is great. Loved the bar! Very busy, too, so make sure to call ahead for reservations.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sure it looks hip but who cares when it's 100 degrees My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Adagio when it opened last year. We had a terrible stay and the staff was so pourly trained they could not even begin to help make our experice better. We knew that the hotel was just opening, so we expected some last minute work being completed. What we did not expect was to be shown to room after room with out working fans (yeah you need the fan because there is no AC!), wrong size of bed, no power, etc... The hotel attendant finally showed us to a room that had to be the smallest on the floor! The corridor ran right into the room. There was little room to walk or even stand in the room, no real closet and the bath room had not been remodeled! Besides the heat (you could open the window and risk falling out, hear lots of street traffic and have every bug in SF infest your room), you could hear every sound comming from the elevator and other poor patrons. The interior design and bath accessories are the only postives marks I can give this hotel. Not what I would expect from a large Boutique style hotel developer.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Tempo at Hotel Adagio. Arriving in the pouring down rain I was greeted at the cab door by the Bellmen who graciously extended his umbrella. Once inside the lobby I was eased into a state to relaxation by the warm lighting, comtemporary and inviting furnishings and some of the most accommodating hotel staff I have had the pleasure to meet. The theme continues to your room with a clean and contemporary design incorporating deep tones and fresh ideas. Being in the travel industry I pay very close attention to datail when it comes to hotels and from the look of thing it is evident the Hotel Adagio does too!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Warm and cool" I found the hotel to be warm and welcoming, and cool in its decor. The location is perfect for the theater, shopping at Union Square, has a fantastic restaurant, Cortez, and it was a totally yin and yang experience. I highly recommend!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I left my heart ...at the Adagio We stayed at the Adagio along with a wedding party, together taking about 15 rooms. The location is perfect, the bar and lobby are excellent informal and hip meeting spots for ad hoc groups, the rooms are fresh and not overly fussy, and the staff was incredible, responding to our group's needs for directions, recommendations, special requests, etc. We'll be back!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Next time you visit San Francisco you must stay at the Adagio. Great location, good food, extremely friendly staff.Very modern, trendy and affordable. Forget the rest Adagio is the BEST.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Adagio is Fabulous! The rooms are gorgeous and the staff are outstanding. A great location in Union Square with afforable rates. Simply incredible! Even Bay Area residents like me stay here for romantic or special occasions. Two word summary: Absolutely Fabulous!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Adagio and must say that it was one of the most pleasant hotel experiences we have EVER had. We are both accustomed to staying in high end hotels such as the Four Seasons (while traveling on expense accounts) and decided to give the Adagio a try for a new experience. We were satisfied with the modern decor and clean and comfortable rooms but what far exceeded any expectations was the staff. FANTASTIC. Each staff member that we were in contact with went out of their way to ensure a pleasant stay for us.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous We have stayed at the Adagio twice and each time the experience was excellent. We were so pleased with the decor, location and staff at the hotel. We have recommended the hotel to everyone who is heading for California. Thank you for the opportunity to comment.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spacious, friendly and comfortably hip. My stay at the Hotel Adagio provided me with the opportunity to experience the best of San Francisco. Within short walking distance to Union Square, excellent dining, shopping and theatre Hotel Adagio is a wonderful retreat. It's spacious rooms, wonderful views, hip decor and professional, friendly service make it hard to leave. The atmosphere at Cortez, Adagio's restaurant is fabulous and the food even better. I look forward to my next visit!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mendyinthebigcity!
<Content>Super hip hot bar! LOVED THE BAR! WHITE HOT! Great location for business AND shopping! Very cool rooms and the hip staff is in the know...  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotelconnoisseur
<Content>My Favorite City Now has My Favorite Hotel Every year I bring my sales team to San Francisco for an offsite meeting/ retreat. We are a team of very discerning well-traveled people. This year, we selected the Hotel Adagio after a high recommendation by our corporate meeting planner. Our high expectations were not only met, but were exceeded. The hotel is hip, but not too hip. The staff is gracious and knowledgeable. Our meeting room was the former penthouse apartment of the owner from the 1920?s, which has incredible views of San Francisco. George, the hotel?s onsite event specialist, did an awesome job organizing our meeting including a wine tour and theatre tickets. We had the most successful, enjoyable and productive meeting ever. Cortez, the hotel?s restaurant, was amazing. But make sure you make reservations, as it?s one of San Francisco?s newest hot spots. Thank you Hotel Adagio for making it a success trip. It?s now our preferred hotel in the Bay Area.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in San Francisco! I have stayed at the Hotel Adagio several times now and each time they have met all my expectations! The location is so convenient and the rooms are spacious and comfortable. I will continue to stay with them.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Trendy On my boyfriends first trip to San Fran we wanted to stay close to Union Square. When we got to Hotel Adagio we were delighted with the fantastic location. From then things just got better, we went into the very 'cool' reception, were met by friendly and helpful staff and shown very quickly to our Room. The Room we just loved. It got away from the typical matching bedspread, curtains and wallpaper (urgh) and instead we got contemporary, very trendy furnishings. The bar was fab, great look and atmosphere in there. My only regret was not getting to eat in the restaurant as they were not open for lunch. I hope to fix that on my next trip to San Fran.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location! Sophisticated design! I recently stayed at Hotel Adagio during the Chinese New Year festivities. This hotel is located in an excellent area of downtown San Francisco -- walking distance to Union Square shopping, Chinatown, Powell Street cable cars, and BART. I loved the room designs -- sophisticated and comfortable. I recommend Hotel Adagio!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cozy stay i had a wonderful stay at the addagio. the service staff was courteous and helpful and the rooms were well oriented and contained all the amenities I desire in a suite. The location is central and they have the advantage of having a wonderful tapas syle restaurant in the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>adagio is high class for very low price we love the adagio... just got married and had the whole wedding party and family staying there... everyone raved about it. the rooms are very clean with cool modern decor, and spacious too - especially for the unbelievably cheap price. the lobby and restaurant are great.. think ian schraeger hotel without the high sticker price or attitude. we found rooms for as low as $105.. which is unheard of in san francisco unless you want to stay at a best western with zero style. the restaurant Cortez is awesome... very cool bar, great food... we dine there all the time since we live in the city. the restaurant keeps in sync with the minimal modern decor... which might not be for everyone... but everyone i spoke with really liked it. i'm pretty picky, and i would not tell anyone to stay anywhere else in san francisco if they wanted to spend less than $400/night.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio is fantastic! I have stayed at Hotel Adagio twice. On both occasions, I had great experiences. It has a special feeling, that you get as soon as you walk in the beautiful wooden front doors. The design is fresh; the decor is stylish and modern but still very comfortable. I love that the hotel gives you free coffee and rolls in the morning...it is nice touch for such a reasonably priced hotel. I worked out in the gym downstairs, nothing fancy but has all the stuff you need. The restaurant, I forget the name but the I remember the food! It was delicious. I would definitely recommend it...which I guess is why I took the time to write this review.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Adagio! Myself and my husband have stayed at the Adagio on several occassions...We love the staff, rooms and convenience to the downtown area...We recommend it to all our friends!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio The Adagio has a warm and modern feel. The staff is incredibly nice and the food is amazing! Loved my stay!!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun, hip and convenient We live in the area but not in the city. So a night out extends all night to include a hotel. In comparison to the many options in San Francisco, the Hotel Adagio ranks up there. Close to everything, making all the fun only a short cab ride away. The decor is hip and there is a great bar to finish the night in. When the day begins, one can stop in for a reasonable and delicious breakfast. This is a great place for tourists and executives alike.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must see The Hotel Adagio If you are looking to stay near Union Square, The Hotel Adagio is the best place to stay. At most it is 6 blocks to Union Square. We walked to all of the great restaurants and bars with ease!It is amazing what they did to make an older hotel turn into a trendy, but comfortable, atmosphere.The Hotel Adagio makes you feel important and special. Each member on their staff was outgoing and very accommodating, even the bellman and valet!I try and refer The Hotel Adagio to anybody that visits San Francisco or anybody looking for a romantic getaway with a trendy twist!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun and Fabulous Adagio This is a fun, hip, and fabulous property. The people are nice, the location is great. Everyone should go and try it out. I went on business and will go back on vacation!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love that Adagio Loved the location Loved the room Loved the decorWe had a meeting in a beautiful room on the top floor - amazing view - everything was top notch!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! I have stayed at dozens of hotels in San Francisco, and none came close to the level of customer service I received at Adagio. Everyone was so gracious, from the young lady who checked me in, to the man on the desk overnight, to the woman who cleaned my room. I can honestly say that Hotel Adagio, for the price, is the best hotel in the City.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful all around! Great Rooms! I throughly enjoyed the best service in a hotel environment thus far... The service is impeccable. The Staff made me feel at home. It was truly a great experience! I will definitely stay there again. My guests visiting from out of town loved it!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprised with rose petals! I had a wonderful experience at the Adagio. To my surprise my room was upgraded to a beautiful suite, with candles lit on the fireplace mantle and rose petals scattered in the bedroom. Plus a bottle of white wine waiting for us in the room. Very nice romantic touch.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adagio is great! I spent New Year's Eve with my family at the recently refurbished Hotel Adagio in San Francisco. We had a wonderful time! My kids even thought the motif was cool. It is centrally located, comfortable, reasonably priced and a wonderful weekend getaway. I highly recommend it for both business and family trips to San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! I had the pleasure of staying at the Adagio recently and had a great experience! The rooms are very comfortable and the location is ideal. Staff was friendly and efficient.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The all new Adagio Though the hotel was open only a month, everything seems to run efficiently with professional and friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolineW
<Content>Great place!   showReview(1643255, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Adagio!   showReview(1533517, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(1496497, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Adagio is a really horrible hotel   showReview(1447251, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed review   showReview(1344239, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CartolinaTours
<Content>Accolades for the new and hip Adagio!   showReview(1282382, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A work in progress--not for allergy sufferers   showReview(1270652, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunfun1
<Content>Disappointed   showReview(1222001, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeteSimon
<Content>Not Quite As Described   showReview(1148942, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elarbolita
<Content>very clean, beautiful view, quite expensive   showReview(1082595, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bibahutzelmann
<Content>Sehr zufrieden!   showReview(20694652, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>alexandrejpmuller
<Content>Hotel Adagio : 100% parfait !   showReview(20081990, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un sans faute   showReview(20552843, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente situation en centre ville   showReview(19643867, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Polyph猫me
<Content>Une chouette adresse   showReview(18869724, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(15561726, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(15561725, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ayant un bon rapport qualit茅 pour SF   showReview(15561717, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage sehr gut   showReview(13193590, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je recommande vivement   showReview(13193589, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absoluter Tipp   showReview(13193588, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marjoreg
<Content>superbe hotel tres bon acceuil       lit  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yolySantander
<Content>C茅ntrico y de buena calidad aunque....   showReview(10772213, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht billig, aber gut   showReview(11659379, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LESARCHEUSA2007
<Content>accueillant , bon service et bien plac茅   showReview(8613281, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(11418566, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LaOvejaLucera
<Content>Cuidado, te enga帽an en cuanto puedes   showReview(7697050, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儭銉偒銇煡浜恒伀浼氥亜...   showReview(19920631, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

