<Author>Annasites55
<Content>Home away from home. We LOVE this place. Of the 8 times we've been to NOLA, we've stayed here 7 times in a row. The balcony room we've booked the last 2 times (223, I think...) is awesome! Nothing like having your own balcony to have coffee on each morning. The breakfast could be a bit better, but it's not bad, and we love this hotel anyway. : )  
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Verdun96
<Content>We will be back! My wife and I just returned from a 5-day New Years getaway to New Orleans If you want to get a real feel of the French Quarter I would highly suggest the Place d鈥橝rmes. This is no cookie cutter chain hotel. It is a splendid property made up of a series of buildings that surround a beautiful courtyard. It seems that no two rooms are quite the same and the hotel fits into the European charm that surrounds you while enjoying the French Quarter. Our room had a huge sitting area with a sink and a very comfortable king sized bed in the adjacent room. Though we spent very little time in the room, what time we did spend there was in a clean room that was very pleasant, comfortable and accommodating to our needs.What made our trip to the Place d鈥橝rmes special was the staff. Everyone we encountered was outgoing and helpful. From the bellmen who first greeted us to the desk clerk that checked us out, we found that all of the associates we encountered in-between genuinely seemed to be glad we were there. And last but not least, the Place d鈥橝rmes location is awesome. You literally fall right into Jackson Square as you leave the property. Upon exiting the hotel if you look to your left you will see the Caf茅 Du Monde and if you look right you will see Royal Street with Bourbon Street the next block down. No more chain hotels for us on our next visit to the Big Easy, the Place d鈥橝rmes will be our hotel of choice!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>angeleyes27
<Content>Nice Courtyard, but Just Okay I stayed at this hotel last week. The courtyard was quaint and cute. The lobby was nicely decorated with a Christmas tree and trimmings. I was booked along with someone else and they gave us rooms in two different buildings, quite a distance away from each other. I thought that they could have done a little better on that, but it is a small hotel so maybe not. The rooms were inside rooms and were clean and nicely furnished. The hotel was in an excellent location. But to he honest, the service was courteous and adequate, but we got the Omni for a lower rate than this hotel where we were pampered and it was a nicer hotel. The breakfast consisted of croissants and jellies and orange juice. Also when we made the reservation, the person was courteous yet not really welcoming. Everything was clean and the bathroom had a hairdryer as did the other hotels that I stayed in.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	3	-1	5	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>khc5
<Content>Comfortable, though no frills The hotel was nice, with the location being the most ideal quality. Steps from Jackson square and Cafe du Monde. The room we had was a room facing a narrow courtyard, which made it wonderfully quiet. The only problem I have is the room was realtively no frills and not totally clean. There was a little bit of mold in the bathroom and the room had a bit of a strange smell. That being said, it wasn't disgusting in the least. It's just an older hotel where the rooms haven't received too much of a facelift in a long time. The location was what sold me, and if I went back I may try a different hotel. Still, not a bad experience, really.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>parrotheads03
<Content>Loved Place d'Armes The Place was great! I would recommend it not only to my best friend, but my worst enemy too!! We stayed for 4 nights right after Christmas. Since we arrived prior to check-in time, they kept our bags and took my cell so they could call me when the room was done. Our room overlooked the courtyard, which was beautiful. The room was very nice and due to it's location (219), was a little funky shaped, but that added to the charm. As prior reviews pointed out, the continental breakfast was so-so, but you're a block and a half from Cafe Du Monde so we really didn't care. The staff was very nice and would always greet us when we entered. And of course, the location can't be beat - half block to Royal and 1.5 to Burbon. Keep in mind, it's not the Hyatt, Marriott, or any other chain hotel, it's part of New Orleans. The only place we'd stay in NOLA is the Place.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Wheedler123
<Content>Great place to stay! Ideal location for New Orleans French Quarter! Overall, we were very happy with this place. It's location was ideal being very close to Bourbon St, Jackson Square, Cafe Du Monde, Decateur, etc. The building and courtyard is really charming. The price was reasonable and we liked having the garage on premises b/c parking can be tough in NOLA. The room we had was a basic room. It met our expectations for what we paid, but it was a little dated (bathroom was probably last updated/styled in the 80s?). We feel the cleaning service could have been a little better; but nothing worth detailing here in this review. Their breakfast was disappointing....coffee, croissants, danishes...thats all, but as Cafe due Monde is a 3 minute walk away....just go there! Would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>gloriajean47
<Content>Great value! We have stayed at Place d'Armes a number of times over the years and always find it charming. It has a great location and we felt very safe at this property. The staff was helpful and access is easy to about anywhere. We got a great price and even with added parking fee, it was a real value. Our room did not have a window but that was fine with us, very quiet. The halls did have an odd chemical smell several days we were there. It was enough to be annoying. The bedding shams on our bed also needed cleaning attention as there were visible stains. But, overall, the location and charm of this hotel are a great value. We attended the free concerts at St. Louis Cathedral and they were just wonderful! We plan to return next year for the pre-Christmas festivities..  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>K8eros
<Content>Authentic New Orleans       Place D'Armes  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>trinkets
<Content>Loved It!!!! My husband and I stayed at the Place D Arms Nov 24-28th 2008 for our 10 year anniversary. We LOVED the place...LOCATION was the main reason for my choice of this hotel, it was between Bourbon Street and the French Quarter, easily walking distance to both areas and very safe at night. The unexpected bonus was how great the staff was with their knowledge and friendliness, making us feel right at home. ..say Hi to Lyn and Nathanial for us...Our room (129) was fantastic...it was a window room, first level, with a seperate entrance hallway. It was an older room but very clean and furnished with all the amenities we needed. And for the price we paid ($99 P/N) it was well worth every penny. The courtyard was charming with the lights and water fountain, to cold for us to swim but not for us to hang outside at a table and have a beer. Breakfast was included in the price, supplying crossaints and danishes and orange juice, not a lot of food but enough to get you through to lunch time. A few things to see on your trip: the Cathedral, Cafe Du Monde, the day Cemetary/ History walking tour, but the BEST New Orleans experience was the carriage ride. They have 2 options, a carriage to yourself for $60 1/2 hour ride (or longer if you wish for more money), or option #2 was a group carriage ride for $12 Per Person. We chose the private one and if you decide to do this ask for Dennis and Mercedes...amazing ride, lots of laughs and just a romantic wonderful experience....Thank you New Orleans for a GREAT 10 year anniversary trip....we will be back for sure ;)  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nyctocanada
<Content>Top Tier Hotel - Great Stay Place d'Armes Hotel is well-located and an excellent place to stay in New Orleans. It is very clean and well-managed. I am also working with their Group Sales Manager, Karla, on a room block for my March 09 wedding and she is amazing. By far, the best hotel sales rep that I have ever worked with. A true pro.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SisterTraveller
<Content>Great Hotel Stay My sister and I met up with four friends for a few days in the French Quarter. We really liked this hotel. It is small and beautiful with a great location and good rates. Our room was comfortable and quiet. Being October, it was too cold to use the pool, but it would be fun in summer, and the surrounding courtyard is very nice with romantic little white lights scattered among the trees. The hotel buildings are historic and well-maintained. For a great view of the activity on Jackson Square, take your breakfast up to the communal balcony overlooking Chartres Street. We felt like we had personal tour guides in Norma and Robert at the front desk. They made our forays into (and outside) the city so easy. Their knowledge of the area and which tours to take helped us use our time wisely and see so much more than we would have on our own.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>harleybonz
<Content>Not Nice I was shocked when we got to our room.This place must be a hundred years old,and it smells like it.The room smelled like your grandfather's old cedar chest.We had to wash our clean clothes because of the smell on them when we got home.The bed was not nice ,the shower had low pressure,the coffee maker did not work,and there were pennies on the floor.They still use keys and the door could easily be opened even if locked.Use the deadbolt when in the room.We had windows,thank god it probably is aired out sometimes.The courtyard rooms may be nicer,it was pretty back there.I feel like I threw my money in the garbage.Two very nice hotels a short cab ride from the Quarter are the Loews and the Renaissance Arts Hotel,you will be very happy.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>bluedottraveler
<Content>A great place in the French Quarter I really enjoyed the Place d'Armes. The location is perfect. The ambiance is old New Orleans (if your tastes run to Marriott Modern this isn't it). And the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful.I wish I could have stayed longer and am anxious to return.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>StillSteamed
<Content>Robbed - then stiffed by management On a Friday night, a burgler broke into our room and stole several hundred dollars in cash. The burglar did not take credit cards or anything else, just cash from a pants pocket and from a purse.Early Saturday morning we reported the theft. We were told repeatedly that there was no manager on duty, and that nothing could be done until Monday. On Sunday, the story was the same - no one from management was available. On Monday we contacted management who refused to meet with us - agreeing only to a brief, unpleasant phone conversation.We were told that the hotel had thoroughly reviewed surveillance tapes and that no one had been observed breaking into our room. Period. In effect we were accused of making up the story - with no attempt by the hotel owners to hear about our experience.Place d'Armes is part of a small group of New Orleans hotels. We regularly advise travelers going to New Orleans to avoid this hotel group at all costs.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tigergrl
<Content>Hidden gem in the Quarter We walked in off the street looking for a hotel, and the Place d'Armes was a lucky find. We were able to get a 3rd floor room (without a window) for an excellent rate. The room was small but comfortably appointed with all the necessities. We didn't experience all this hotel had to offer (courtyard, pool) but it was perfect for our quick overnight stay. Parking was $25 for the night, and we also easily found street parking within 2 blocks of the hotel. Just read the signs and obey the parking rules  you will be fine. This charming hotel seemed like a hidden gem in the middle of the French Quarter!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>RIRedGirl
<Content>Will Stay Here Again        The stairs up to our courtyard room  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>goooden
<Content>A good deal My wife and I stayed here the week of Oct 26/'08 having booked a 'superior room' supposedly with a view. Upon entering the room, 4th floor loft suite,we discovered the 'view' was a rumor. a very small window that you had to get on your knees to see out of the view a roof a few feet away. The next morning we requested a change. Lynn, the front desk mgr was very accomodating,and arranged a better room with a nice view of the courtyard and a shared porch Its a quiet spot, with proximity to all the quarter has to offer. Id reciommend it for those wanting a trues taste of old New Orleans. But if you need a full bar,fine dining, mini bar,room service, its not for you. Stick to the big box hotels with vanilla rooms. This hotel has real character but at a price of a few minor inconvieniences. The staff is both friendly and courteous as are most people in general we met in the city.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sensitiveartist
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I stayed at the Place with a pair of friends for one night before heading over to the murder mystery weekend at the Monteleone. We loved the Place. We arrived much earlier than the typical check-in time, around noon, and were able to check in then store our bags with the front desk. The woman who was working the desk was very pleasant and helpful during our quick one night stay. Since we checked out early in the morning the following day, before starting our touring, they held our bags until we caught a taxi over to the Monteleone to check in there. The Place is lovely. It was a great way to start the NOLA trip. Their courtyard is beautiful, we enjoyed haning out there in the early evening before heading out for our ghost tour, dinner and drinks. We also enjoyed breakfast fountainside. Our room was on ground level, right across from the fountain. It was quiet and nice. The matress wasn't all that comfortable and the room wasn't of high style, but the charm of the hotel and courtyard made up for it! Our friends stayed in a room that faced the street and they said it wasn't overly noisy in the late hours. The breakfast included danishes and croissants, coffee, tea and orange juice. The danishes and croissants were good, we did see a few people with Cafe du Monde bags though, which would have been a little tastier. Cafe du Monde is about a 5 minute walk away.The hotel was very convenient to everything. I think it's a fabulous place to stay, if not for the whole trip, maybe just a night.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>alamocitykit
<Content>A Wonderful French Quarter Experience - The Place D'Armes When I planned our trip to New Orleans with friends from Europe, I wanted to show them the best that America has to offer. We've stayed at a number of other French Quarter hotels, some very well known establishments. We didn't want glitz or the high price tag. We wanted true hospitality and the ambience of the places we visited. The Place D'Armes exceeded our expectations and more. Just a block from Jackson Square. Reasonable rates, and gracious New Orleans hospitality. After a day of walking around the French Quarter, the courtyards create the perfect setting for visiting with old friends. I feel we've found the perfect hidden boutique hotel. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cfsnow
<Content>perfect in every way Our group of 8 stayed for 3 nights at the Place d'Armes. We enjoyed many happy hours in the beautiful courtyard. Our rooms were large with balconies overlooking the courtyard, one even had a fireplace. The high-speed internet worked perfectly. A grocery is conveniently located 2 blocks away and Jackson Square is only around the corner. We would absolutely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>ManfromtheOC
<Content>Location, Location, Location We were in Room 506 with 2 queen beds. Warning: car parking charge of $25/day could add up. Better to take a cab ($30+tip) or shuttle from the airport and walk around town.Pros: Location is close to everything; inexpensive rate; quick check in/out and friendly staff; continental breakfast included.Cons: No windows in this particular room; others had balconies overlooking quaint courtyard. If this matters to you, ask when reserving your room as most overlook a nice courtyard.The beds were comfortable, linens clean, and a 21 TV with basic cable. There was Ethernet access but no safe or mini-bar in the room although ice, cheap drinks and snacks were available in vending machines near the elevator.The bedroom area was quite large. I have to say that staying in a room with no windows took some getting used to...it was good in the sense that it was quiet and no sunlight allowed us to sleep in; it was bad in that we didn't know the weather outside until we went down for breakfast. Breakfast was croissants, fruit filled danishes, OJ and coffee. Not a large spread but there was plenty.The bathroom was basic with a single sink, toilet, and shower/tub. There was plenty of clean (medium thick) towels and hot water. Only the basics of shampoo, lotion, and soap were provided.Location, Location, Location鈥?Centrally located within French Quarter鈥?1 block to Jackson Square鈥?1 block to St. Louis Cathedral鈥?2 blocks to Cafe du Monde鈥?2 blocks to Moonwalk鈥?2 blocks to Bourbon StThe desk help and bell captain were always smiling and friendly. We're outgoing folks and always engaged them in some chat as we passed through the lobby.We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ralph069
<Content>Felt like home       Courtyard at Place d'Armes  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sholum
<Content>Lovely hotel and great location We just returned from a three day stay at the Place dArmes. We had a wonderful room with a courtyard balcony view and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. It was our first stay at this hotel. The staff is well trained and helpful. The courtyard is really a wonderful place to enjoy and relax after a long day in the French Quarter. The location is beautiful right next to Jackson Square and close to wonderful restaurants. We booked our room through the hotel's website and were happy with the results.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>caligalbri
<Content>Absolutely perfect! This hotel is the only place I will ever stay in New Orleans. It is right in the heart of the French Quarter, a block from the Mississippi River. Bourbon Street is only 2 blocks, a very short walk that gets you just far enough away from the contant stench of the famous street, but can be reached within a couple of minutes. The hotel is next door to the St. Louis Cathedral and Jackson Square, the only hotel I noticed in the area at all. You feel very safe in the hotel vicinity, even late at night, walking back from the bars (we are girls in our 20's that travelled alone and felt perfectly safe in this area). It's quiet and extremely peaceful, and the courtyard is breath-taking. You will not find a more beautiful hotel than Place d'Armes, especially with the location and history this establishment boasts! It's the only place to stay in the French Quarter if you're looking for both convenience and historical beauty, as well as great customer service for your stay... and the bonus is the affordable prices!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sisaac51
<Content>wonderful experience at Place d' Armes The Place d'Armes Hotel is in the heart of the French Quarter, two blocks from the Cafe DuMonde but far enough from the noise of Bourbon Street (two blocks) so that you can enjoy a quiet night's sleep. The rooms are clean and well kept and the staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms range in size but all have comfortable beds, a.c., cable tv, private baths, continental breakfast, and wifi access, all at no additional charge. There is also a garage adjacent to the hotel at additional charge. There is a lovely courtyard filled with iron chairs and tables, lit at night by Christmas tree like lights on the many trees and shrubs, all of which, along with a curved pretty outdoor swimming pool, draw in guests and provide an inviting and comfortable space to relax and visit. These amenities also make this hotel a perfect gathering place for a large group, such as we had when there recently for a wedding. (the wedding was not held at the hotel but the wedding party stayed at the hotel). The hotel is not for all. It can take awhile to get hot water in the shower, and there could be better lighting in the rooms. This is not the place for you if you are looking for a 5 star luxury hotel with room service, mini bar in the room or on-site full service bar or restaurant. But you are in the middle of the French Quarter and great restaurants, bars and other forms of night life abound within a short walk and will more than satisfy. There is also a good local grocery store a couple of blocks away for those traveling on a budget wishing to save some money on food.A word about New Orleans. Although there are large parts of the city that have not recovered from Katrina, and if you engage locals in conversation you will quickly learn that few residents were untouched by that disaster and many are still suffering, you will nevertheless see no evidence of that catastrophe in areas such as the French Quarter, the garden district with its magnificant antebellum houses and gardens, and much of the rest of the city that would attract visitors. The City is very much alive and filled with restaurants, music establishments, unique and beautiful architecture, wonderful antique shops and art galleries, etc. All the members of our party (over fifty of us) highly recommend staying at the Place D'Arms.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Funtime01
<Content>Wonderful My wife and I just returned from a 4 night stay, and it was wonderful in every aspect. After many hours of research I had narrowed my hotel choices to Place d'Armes and another hotel. I asked a co-worker with family in N.O. and a neighbor for recommendations in the French Quarter, by chance they both recommended this hotel.  We arrived at 11:15 on Tues. morning expecting to check our luggage and begin exploring the city, by 11:20 we had keys in hand and were heading to our room. Our room was large(approx 200 sq ft) overlooking the wonderful courtyard. There were 2 walls of exposed brick with the rest of the room decorated in wrought iron and plush linens. The courtyard is a great place to start your day or take a break in the afternoon. You cannot say more about the location, 1/2 block to Jackson Square, 1 block to The French Market, 2 blocks to Bourbon Street, and just around the corner from Pat O'briens. The front desk staff was very helpful and accomadating.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CincinnatiKidOhio
<Content>Great Location For a first visit to New Orleans, the location couldn't be beat. Coming back to the room to cool off and then head out to another site was a real plus. The room was spacious, but the bathroom barely big enough to turn around in. Though we had done everything possible to assure an upgraded room that would take advantage of and give access to the beautiful gardens, we were stuck in the back facing a brick wall. Still not sure what a Deluxe room is or what you have to say to get a room that faces the gardens or pool. That seems to be a secret. The staff was super friendly, helpful and efficient. I liked coffee in the breakfast room in the morning. Our room was acceptably but not impeccably clean. Bedspread could be newer, less dusty.I would definitely stay there again because of the price, location and staff, but only wish I could figure out how to book one of the better rooms.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>beautiful-listener
<Content>Relaxing!       my room from the street  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>KYUSA
<Content>Location and Staff I booked 2 rooms for Decadence at the Place D Armes. I have stayed at the hotel before and know it is not the best ran hotel in New Orleans. I knew the rooms would be dated and the staff sub-par. My past experiences all told me no, but due to the courtyard, pool, plus location, I booked. Gustav. I arrived Thursday and got my two rooms. Dated as usual but one kudos for the size of 222. The real story here is how the staff handled the incoming storm. When I arrived, a manager was telling us that we may have to leave on Sunday. Reservations were through Monday. When we went out, no others had heard this info. The staff continually kept us updated. They even posted signs and put stuff on our doors. Again, few others had heard anything from their hotels and several did not make plans to leave. The continuous flow of communication from the hotel staff, who were much nicer this time, allowed us to change our flights and get out with little stress. Additionally, I prepaid for the rooms and they refunded me for the missed day. WOW! That was unexpected since anything other (like passes) were refunded. The staff seemed to go out of their way to help get taxi service also which was hard when the cab companies were closing. All in all...it was not a 5 star room but I knew that going in. What was unexpected was the 5 star treatment of their guests in an uncertain atmosphere. We had more info than most others and that was something most others did not get. Great job!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>bskthound1
<Content>2nd time a charm! March was our 2nd stay at the Place and we were much happier with the room and the service this time. We booked a double interior room for 4 of us. The room was a nice size, the bathroom much nicer than the first time and it was nice and quiet. We were very, very happy and will book an interior room again. The price was good and the staff friendlier.Please give the Place a try. Beautiful New Orleans experience, close to the square, location can't be beat!We are coming again in October and March next year.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Eula54
<Content>Perfection Squared Before Katrina and after, the Place d'Armes has been always my favorite place to stay when I'm visiting my hometown, New Orleans. Perfectly located, just steps away from Jackson Square, the hotel never disappoints. The staff is courteous and helpful; the rooms are charming and intimate; and the room rates are amazing. Safe, convenient, and a link to the city's pre-casino past, I'm already looking forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlbertaNana
<Content>Two years in a row! We recently returned from a trip to New Orleans (the second in two years) and stayed at the Place d'Armes both times. The rooms are great, clean, priced right and the hotel staff are wonderful. The courtyard is most attractive, the pool is a nice blue and in general our stay was so comfortable we can hardly wait to go back. If you are considering a trip down there the place to stay is Place d'Armes.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WI_Snowflake
<Content>So New Orleans!       View of courtyard  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Jan428
<Content>Loved the Place d'Armes Hotel My husband and I celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary at the Place d'Armes Hotel in New Orleans, where we spent ourhoneymoon. The Place dArmes was a wonderful place to stay. The staff was very courteous, helpful and pleasant. The room was spacious, we had our own courtyard balcony, and the view was amazing. The location is wonderful, just adjacent to Jackson Square, a couple of blocks from Bourbon Street, a block or so from the Mississippi, and in walking distance of all the attractions that we wanted to see. It was quiet, clean, and we will stay there on any future trips to New Orleans. The Quarter is very clean, well lit, lots of infastructure changes, the Moonwalk and park along the Mississippi are beautiful, and we felt very safe walking at night as well as in the day time.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OCJudy
<Content>Charming! This rating would have been ABOVE average, but the housekeeping staff leaves a great deal to be desired. However, the front desk staff was PHENOMENAL!Les, the night front desk manager and Othello went above and beyond the call of duty - when I had to deal with a horrendous experience with a local restaurant. These gentlemen are a class act!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>ABKeys
<Content>Excellent, once again We stayed at the Place d'Armes before and just loved it. We had not been there post-Katrina and were so happy to find the same wonderful accomodations! Dionne at the front desk and Chris the bellman were particularly helpful and went out of their way to assist us. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The location is fantastic, the ambiance is amazing and the staff very friendly.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Joel_in_Tennessee
<Content>Fell In Love All Over Again! My wife and I stayed at this lovely French Quarter hotel over 20 years ago, during the Thanksgiving weekend. Two teenage daughters later, we were at the Montelone and decided to treat our daughters to the real New Orleans experience at the Place De Arms. They loved it, we loved it and it brought back some great memories. We even stayed an additional day. The hotel is a collection of 7 buildings around a wonderful courtyard that includes a pool, bar, etc. The Place de Arms is only a half block off Jackson Square and close to the great restuarants in the Quarter. We had a ground floor room that was bigger than the Montelone hotel and service was excellent. We are going back during Fall break our girls loved it so much. I would heartily recommend the Place de Arms!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ksm99
<Content>Wonderful, friendly hotel This is the second time that we have stayed in this little gem (once before Katrina). It is tucked away just half a block from Jackson Square on a safe street. We just park the car and can walk or ride the streetcar anywhere that we want to go. The staff was amazingly friendly and helpful both times. The first time, we stayed in a interior room, which was a little small for me. This time we paid a few extra dollars for the larger deluxe room, which was perfect. I have recommended this to all of my friends for a quiet little getaway to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>idawmn
<Content>Charming old hotel but... We stayed on the nights of July 26th and 27th.Went in with an open mind knowing that this hotel was very old. Loved the courtyard and the look of the exterior of the buildings.Showed up for our room at 4 pm only to be told that we'd have to wait another 25 minutes as our room was not cleaned yet. We did not get into our room until an hour later.Found there to be a very strong odour of oil (not cooking but refined) in the room. There had been a major oil spill out on the Mississippi River three days previously however this odour was not in the air outside so where was the smell of oil in the room coming from? Also noticed cobwebs hanging from the ceiling and from the ceiling fan. Rather than fitted sheets being used on the bottom of the bed, top sheets were used. Pillows definitely need to be replaced. Each night I had to ask for an extra set of towels and washclothes as there were three of us in the room and we were only given a towel and washcloth for two despite having two double beds in the room.As one poster pointed out, the continental breakfast consisted of croissants and a pastry along with butter, jam, coffee, orange juice and water.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Mistress_8
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans, in the quarter       Courtyard 1 Place D' Armes  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ta2Gerrit
<Content>Great hotel, super location. We stayed here for 2 night and it was awesome.We had probably the largest room in the hotel, 2nd floor in the main building, poolside and enjoyed every minute. A bit of a downer the windows did not open, but that's all.Very friendly staff, really relaxing, nice comp. breakfast and a few yards away from everything you want to see in New Orleans. Bourbon Street, Jackson Square, the Mighty Missisippi, all just arround the corner.We especially liked the courtyard and pool, were you could sit and relax a few steps down from our huge room.I would recomend it to anybody, great hotel, fair prices.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MeauxsMom
<Content>Wonderful Experience Place D'Armes can't be beat for location, history, charm and beauty. The Courtyard was enchanting and a quiet and cool refuge from the summer heat. The breakfast room was a nice place to people-watch in the morning and use the wireless internet (not available in all guest rooms - ask in advance if that's an important feature for you) and have some complimentary coffee and a pastry. While I was a bit disoriented from time to time from the lack of windows in my room, I was thrilled at the incredible affordability of the interior rooms. House-keeping was respectful of our do not disturb signs and did a fine job of keeping us in towels and clean sheets. The staff were efficient and friendly - I was there for two weeks and I started to feel like one of the family. I whole-heartedly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a classic/romantic New Orleans experience. If you want windows don't book an interior room, if you want silence perhaps a modern high-rise hotel is more your cup of tea. However, if you want total charm immersion (complete with the St.Louis Cathedral Bells and the sound of mule hooves passing out front), hospitality and the most perfect French Quarter location possible - then this is the place for you. I will be back whenever I can get there and I would recommend Place D'Armes to anyone who asked.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Wiz33
<Content>Great Place! I only stayed in New Orleans one night and picked the Place D'Arms based on reviews. My rate was $79/night and I stayed right above the front desk in room 229. It had a balcony and was beautiful queen bed. I expected sort of an older musty type room but was very surprised at the updated appearance of the interior of my room. Although it had that older style look to it, it ddn't feel dated at all. Looked classy and clean. The couryard looked beautiful but i didn't have much time to sit at the pool and enjoy it's beauty. I basically checked in and hit the town. I stumbled across The Chart House bar and started off meeting some locals and getting a game plan together. I took the St Charles light rail over to the Garden Distirct and went to have a drink at the Columns Hotel. Very nice classic hotel with lot's of history and character. Then I headed back and made my way down Decatur St and headed over to Frenchman St and just decided to go to the Apple Barrell based on someone's recomendation. Very cool little bar with live music. Cash only by the way. I walked over to bourbon just to see it at night. It lives up to it's reputation. All in all I must say that New Orleans lived up to my expectations perfectly. Normally you have lot's of ideas about how a place will be and you get let down in some way. Not in NO. It is exactly what you dream it will be like plus very friendly people.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MBroyhill
<Content>Perfect Location I surprised my husband with a trip to New Orleans in June, 2008, and we booked Place d'Armes based on the positive Trip Advisor reviews. I would echo most of what others have said. The location was stellar! It was right between Bourbon Street and the River and right on Jackson Square. We were able to easily walk everywhere. This was the best part of the hotel. The price was decent. Breakfast consisted of coffee, OJ, and two options of store-bought pastries. Good to save a few bucks, but better to walk to Cafe du Monde two blocks away. Do not book for the free breakfast! The room was o-k. It was NOT as nice as what was pictured on their website. But, we did get a quiet, courtyard room in the back, which was nice. If they just updated a few things the rooms would be much nicer. They could start with the bedding, which was pretty old, thin, and getting dingy. Pillows were old and flat. It definitely had character, but it could have a little more character with some updating. The courtyards were nice and kept the hotel pretty relaxed and quiet. We didn't use the pool, but did read by it for an afternoon. The employees were generally extremely helpful and gave great recommendations. The only problem I had was that two days before our scheduled stay we got an email saying that the reservation had been cancelled. I had just called a day or two prior to confirm our reservation and to get the cheapest way from the airport (2 or more--take a cab!). Apparently there was a typo with my credit card and instead of calling me, they just cancelled it. Thankfully I was able to re-book them before the hotel itself was booked.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>clejeune
<Content>We'll Be Back!       Balcony  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>StaceyMom
<Content>We Loved It! Our stay was June 26 - 29, 2008. This was our first trip back to New Orleans since Katrina, so we were a little nervous about how things would be. We were pleased to find that this hotel far surpassed our expectations in the things that we look for in a hotel. First of all, we arrived early, around 2:00 in the midst of a storm. Our room was ready and we were given the option of help with luggage or to take it ourselves. Our friends' room was not ready at the time as it was being painted, but would be ready at 4:00. We put all of our things in our room. We found exactly what we hoped for...quaint, old rooms with the same charm as you find throughout the Quarter. We were next to a shared balcony which no one else used, so it was great, but we wouldn't have minded company if there had been others out there! Our room was cleaned and straightened every day, with all of the toiletries replaced daily. Because our friends' room had just been painted and there were no other available rooms, they comped parking, but there was really no odor by that evening anyway.We did a lot of coming and going and every time we walked through, we were greeted and received several suggestions on placed to eat, things to do, routes to travel, etc by the front desk staff. We especially liked the bellman who had a great sense of humor. I truly believe that the nicer you are to the people who are there to help everyone, the nicer they are to you, so we always said hello and asked questions as we were walking through!So much has been said about the beauty of the courtyard and I definitely agree with that. It gave us a great place to meet before we began our journey each day.We were excited to learn that this hotel was the first stop on the Haunted History Tour! We found out we were staying in the haunted building which gave us a lot to talk about, laugh at and scare each other with.One last thing that I was impressed with was on our checkout day. We explained that while we had to checkout, we weren't quite ready to leave. The staff allowed us to store ALL of our luggage in their lockup and allowed us to keep our car in the garage until 1 pm. That gave us just enough time to finish up the souvenier buying that we wanted to do.To those who think that these reviews are written by the staff, let me assure you, this one is not. We truly enjoyed our stay and will very likely stay at this hotel on our next visit. Please remember that you are getting what you pay for. If you want the Omni, pay for it. The hotel and rooms are old, and yes, there may be a stain on the carpet or other quirks in the room, but if you are visiting the French Quarter for its charm, then this is a great match for you!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>radiowitch
<Content>Quiet with a Prime Location I visited New Orleans for two separate trips in June of 2008 and stayed at two different hotels in the French Quarter. I've visited this city numerous times pre- and post-Katrina, including this hotel. I stayed in Room 112 for my first trip this month, which is located in the front section of the courtyard, near the pool. I had requested a different room, but the staff seemed to have lost the request which I submitted and confirmed in advance. However, I have no complaints whatsoever about this room or my stay at the hotel, which is saying a lot for me. This room was equipped with two queen-size beds, exposed brick walls, and had plenty of light (a big plus with this hotel). The room smelled fine and was extremely clean. The bathroom wasn't as big as some of the other double rooms here, but it was fine. Unfortunately, though I had requested it, the staff did not allow us an early check-in upon our arrival, which is typical of my experiences in New Orleans, but was still annoying as we had to kill five hours before our room was ready. As others have noted here, the main perk to this hotel is its central location, just yards from Jackson Square. Secondary to this is the exquisite courtyard, which is perfect for relaxing or a swim. (The loud children I could have done without though.) Overall, my experience at the Place d'Armes this time around was very positive, and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>cerelife
<Content>Disappointed! My husband and I stayed at Place D'armes several years ago and had a lovely room with a private balcony on St. Ann Street. When we decided to stay here again, I called the hotel to find out how to request a similar room, since their website doesn't specify balcony rooms. I expained that the private balcony was central to our decision to book here, and was told to book a deluxe room, and in the special request area, ask for a balcony room. The hotel e-mailed me and said the only balcony room they had was a queen bed instead of the king I had requested. I told them the trade-off for a private balcony on St. Ann's was worth the smaller bed, but if a king room opened up, book that instead. When we arrived, we were given room 221. No one offered to help with our bags, so we lugged them across the courtyard and up the stairs ourselves. When we opened the door to the room, I couldn't believe my eyes!! The room was the size of a postage stamp. The queen bed took up most of the available room, with enough room to walk on one side, and a desk stuck in an alcove you couldn't get to because of the luggage holder. The bathroom was literally 5 feet from the bed, and all it had was louvered doors, no real doors, just something you would expect to see for decoration. The real kicker was that someone was already occupying our balcony. We quickly realized there was NO access to the balcony (which was on Chartres St., not St. Ann) from our room. We had to leave our room and go down the hall to get to the PUBLIC balcony. It was nothing at all like the balconies that face St. Ann Street. It was uncovered and public, so we were unable to use it for much of our trip due to rain and others occupying it. I immediatley went to the front desk to tell them there must have been a mistake in our room reservation, only to be told that was all they had available, since they were completely booked. I pointed out that I had made reservations several weeks in advance in order to secure a room that was acceptable and was told that special requests were only granted if available. When I gave up and went back to our room, I realized that the pillows were very thin. We found one extra in the bathroom, and I gave that to my husband, and called the front desk for another. He told me all the rooms were booked and since he would have to take one from another room there were no extra pillows. No extra pillows??? Unbelievable! I slept with all the towels piled under my pillow that night, and in the morning found a maid and asked her for one, which she produced within 5 minutes. No extra pillows, indeed!If I had known that I was paying for a tiny room with a public balcony, I would have booked elsewhere. The hotel had previously e-mailed me that they could meet my request if I would accept a queen instead of king room. I feel that they completely misrepresented what I was getting. The room type I wanted was the same price as the awful one I had. I paid premium price for a terrible room. I asked to me moved to another room if one became available, but no one even noted it. Every day of our six day stay, I asked. Each person said Sure but when I asked if they recieved our request from the previous shift personnel, I got a blank look, and a No, Ma'am!One more thought - on the first night, as we lay down, we realized the bed was canted to the left. Throughout our stay, we woke up to find ourselves piled together against the wall, due the sliding toward the lower edge of the bed.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>choocie
<Content>Disappointing       Room  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Elliotterae
<Content>Charming, clean, comfortable and close to everything We stayed June 18-23 and had a wonderful time. I was concerned by previous reviews that the hotel was not clean but we found it to be very clean and the staff was more then accomodating. We arrived around noon and was not able to check in until 3:15, but check in time is listed as 4:00 so you cant fault them for that. They checked our bags while we went and had lunch and did some explploring while we waited. The hotel is apparantly a very busy one because everytime I walked through the lobby there were people at the desk. The staff was super friendly, and quick to answer or find the answer to any questions we had.The room was dark, we had an interior room without a window and we choose that room because of the great price. (we booked online and paid less then $350 for 5 nights!) However, in retrospect I would have paid more for a room with a balcony/window just because it was very dark in the room- dark enough to make it hard to see if I was putting on brown or black shoes unless I went close to the lamp. The beds however, were very comfortable, extremely so for hotel standards,We did have one incident- the light in our bathroom burnt out, I called the desk and asked for another light bulb- they brought it up within 2 min. When I put it in, it shorted our whole room, so I had to call maintance- they had to replace the light fixture but it was done before we got back from breakfast at Cafe du Monde. So, it was handled very well. Or room was cleaned well each day and smelled very good- not like room spray and not too strong, just clean and fresh.The courtyard was stunning and we were literally steps from Jackson square. In fact we had a running joke, whenever my mom asked how far something was - I told her 3 blocks because nearly everything was within 3 blocks from our room. I would not stay anywhere else if we visit New Orleans again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AbitaBear
<Content>olde world charm To be honest at first I was skeptical about being in the French Quarter, but after doing some wandering about I was well on my way to falling in love with this gem. Old world charm, romance and history abound in this lovely hidden oasis of comfort and creole warmth. Well placed to everything local and within walking distance of many different attractions and eateries. For those who can not get enough of the Cafe du Monde this is the next best thing to living there! The staff is more than accommodating, friendly and professional. They make you feel as if this your home. Smiles a plenty, any information you may need, and more than eager to show off their wonderful city. I met the owner quite by chance and it seemed as if he was a neighbor of mine, going out of his way to tell us of local neighborhood happenings in the area and to explain some old ghost stories, telling us about a particular room that is rumored to be haunted. I didn't stay in this room, but I was more than intrigued by it. By all means I'm going to go back . My fiance and I loved it and now we are hooked by its charm and romance. Thanks for the best vacation I have had in a long long long time!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pomsr
<Content>Enjoyed a Classic Stay I studied TripAdvisor reviews before selecting the Place D'Armes Hotel. There were lots of great reviews, but a few really dreadful ones, so I didn't really know what to expect.I'm happy to say that my weekend at this hotel was a classic New Orleans stay. The Place D'Armes is a little old looking, but in a classic, New Orleans way. The courtyard is absolutely breathtaking, so you should book early enough to get a courtyard room. We didn't book early enough, so we didn't have that option. But I spent plenty of time relaxing in the courtyard, and it was sensational.We were booked into a street side room, which was noisy one night and quieter the next, so that's a tossup. Our room was large and well appointed, considering that it is an old hotel. It's not a brand new freshly decorated Best Western, but, if that's what you want, you shouldn't book any hotel in the French Quarter.The location is magnificent. You will not find any hotel more centrally located in the Quarter. Considering how close you are to everything, the price was surprisingly reasonable.Now, I'd like to address two areas that caused others to leave negative reviews: cleanliness and helpfulness.I found my room to be very clean, and cleanliness is a huge issue for me. We had no trouble with the maid service or towels or anything like that. The common areas are clean and my room was clean. I'm not sure what else to say besides that.I found the staff to be helpful. From visiting with the happy fellow maintaining the cleanliness of the courtyard, to the desk clerk calling a taxi for us on Sunday morning. People were professional and helpful. I was particularly impressed with the gentleman in charge of the parking garage. He was friendly and accommodating.If you realize going in that this property is historic (old), then you will not be disappointed. If you want a more common stay, choose a chain hotel outside of the Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MsRed
<Content>Location x 3 Less than a block from Jackson Square and only a little further to Cafe du Monde and the Moon Walk and other attractions means the location and charm makes this a great place to stay. If you want local charm, old buildings with balcony and period furniture, rather than American bland, you will like this place. Breakfast is light, good coffee, orange juice, selection of furit flavored pasties, and rather tough croissants but can be eatern inside in dining area or sunroom, or outside in lovely courtyard. Just as well to have light hotel breakfast and eat more later in the wonderful restaurants in the Quarter. Staff was friendly and helpful. Have had inside room with no windows and much nicer room on outside with balcony. Parking by the hotel can cost extra if not in reservation that includes it.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jrfox
<Content>Nasty! Just like other reviewers warned. This was the third time we have stayed at the Place d'Armes. It will be the last. Yes it has a great location and the pool courtyard is very picturesque. That still does not make up for a dirty hotel.  At the end of the second day, our room was not serviced by housekeeping. My wife found us fresh towels on a cart at the pool area. Hotel staff later delivered us clean wash cloths and did not offer to clean and straighten the room. They claimed we put out the Do Not Disturb sign. We did put out the sign but it read Maid Service, Please.  On the morning of our third day, I found fingernail clippings in the bed I had been sleeping in. We stripped the beds of the linens and searched the rest of the room for filth. I found a pair of men's underwear on top of the television armoir! We immediately went to the front desk and talked a manager. She apologized, comped my parking fees for our entire stay, and promised that the room would be cleaned before we return. We did return a little over five hours later. When we got to our room, there was a Do Not Disturb sign hanging on the doorknob. This surprised us because we did not put it there. We opened the door and our room was exactly like we had left it. Housekeeping had not touched our room at all! I went back the the front desk and I spoke with the same manager again. She used the excuse that since the sign was hanging on the door, housekeeping could not touch the room. This just enfuriated me more, especially since she saw my family and me go into the parking garage to leave for the day. She knew that we would return mid-afternoon and they still did nothing with the room. The manager told me to go back to the room to meet with the new housekeeping supervisor. When she did get to the room I showed her what we were so upset about. She did give us her apoligies that followed that with excuses: 1. She is new to the job. 2. It takes time to train the staff. 3. She had to come from another building (read hotel). 4. Housekeeping staff was following the Do Not Disturb sign request.  My wife and I talked this over and we decided to cut our vacataion short so we checked out and left. We are lucky enough to have relatives just 2 hours away.  Later that night I did get to speak with Mr. Volentine, the general manager. He offered his apologies and admitted that The ball was dropped not once but twice in the mishandling of this whole situation. He offered other incentives to get us to try Place d'Armes again. Even with the offer of gas reimbursement we are never going back to that hotel. I have worked in the people service industry for more than 28 years. I feel that qualifies me to say that I did not detect an ounce of sincerity in any of the apologies, much less the excuses, that we received.  Please, protect yourself and your family. Go as far back in the reviews as January 1, 2008. There are other complaints. I believe just like some other reviewers, that hotel staff or other administrators must be the ones giving this place such a favorable review score. I read those same reviews. The first two times we stayed there without incident . We tried them for a third time and are shocked that this is what happened to us.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>ednol1942
<Content>Place D'Armes Hotel: Exceptional personal attention, very accommodating The charming Place D'Armes setting is what one seeks in New Orleans. Conveniently located on a quiet side street , it's an easy walk to anywhere in the French Quarter, including the famous bignet and coffee spot to major restaurants, the Riverwalk, antique stores, and, of course Burbon Street. The courtyard is simply lovely, the pool is clean and well-maintained, and the rooms are individual in style rather than step-and-repeat hotel fashion.What made our stay special was the outstanding personal attention and warmth of the staff. I had just completed a business trip to a Ritz location and had a fresh comparison. While the Ritz service is legendary, this location had shabby and dirty carpet as well as A/C issues. While staff said sorry with great warmth, they did nothing to rectify or change my situation.Upon arriving at Place D'Armes, my husband and I had an inconvenience. Not only was it immediately addressed by a lovely Linda Cooper, the Executive Housekeeper, but the vigilant and consistently attentive Lyn Castenada, Front Desk Supervisor, told Warren Valentino, the General Manager who asked to speak with me personally. I was stunned! My husband and I had some suggestions. They were implemented WHILE WE WERE VISITING! Mr. Valentino checked in with us several times during our four day stay.But this hotel went above and beyond. I was part of a meeting group. When they learned that many of us were there for the same purpose, they accommodated us as individuals and as a group in many small and thoughtful ways. Linda Cooper went out of her way on more than one occasion to help (even hunting down a pair of scissors!). Equally important, every time we crossed paths in the courtyard, she greeted me with a nod of recognition and a smile.The morning croissants and pastry breakfast was enhanced by the simply delicious coffee of Miss Mary (Kelly). That coffee was every bit as good as in Cafe DuMonde, and I enjoyed several cups each morning.Here's the criteria for evaluating a hotel: Would I stay there again? Absolutely.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ABCFellowes
<Content>I absolutely LOVE this hotel!!! Place d'Armes Hotel is an absolutely WONDERFUL charming hotel. We stayed for 6 days this time and thoroughly enjoyed the courtyard and pool area. This rustic hotel is beautifully maintained and the ENTIRE staff are very friendly and fun. We visit New Orleans every year and have stayed at Place d'Armes many times. It is now our permanent vacation destination. The hotel is reasonably priced and you meet people of all ages. So don't worry if you're too young or too old. You will just LOVE the courtyard. It's quiet, centrally located right near Jackson Square in the French Quarter so you're close to lots of shops, restaurants, casino, EVERYTHING! It's just a perfect, wonderful, cozy atmosphere. I recommend this hotel to everyone. We had a great time  I can't wait until it's time to go back next year.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Casey81597
<Content>Great atmosphere but don't leave anything behind! Beautiful atmosphere! The rooms were a bit dingy for the price but you don't come to New Orleans to stay in your hotel room for hours. Also, we were put in a ground floor room directly across from the elevator. Avoid at all costs if you can!! Reception was very nice and the location can't be beat. My only complaint is that as soon as we checked out and were in the cab heading to the airport I realized with alarm that I had left my brand new, very expensive prescription glasses on the nightstand in the case. I called the hotel immediately (we had only been gone 10 mintues) and they said that room service had not found anything. I know they were lying so that was a bit of a let down. But other than that, it's a charming hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NotarySojac
<Content>Perfect hotel in a perfect city       Courtyard fountain  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glennmiller
<Content>Place to be as a visitor! Stayed at your hotel, Place de Arms, May 27-30, how interesting to lodge in a strange city and have the privilege to meet so many hotel guests due to the uniqueness of your court yard. We had researched and thusideas as to where to visit, tour or dine. Yet during breakfast or other times when one wishes to enjoy the courtyard the ambiance allows for guests to visit which allows for one to know first had if the proposed establishment is really good. We had planed to dine at a well advertised restaurant, however the talk that morning from others was very negative, so we dined at another recommended and it was GREAT. I will return and will strive to get a reservation with you. By the way, your staff are very well trained in how to make patrons deserving of their stay. It is a wonderfully centrally located establisment, thank you!Glenn L. Miller  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tiffany1478
<Content>The Best Place Ever! This is a hidden jewel in New Orleans! The location is prime, the staff is hilarious and soooo helpful and the courtyard is TO DIE FOR. Quiet, serene and private. And the exposed brick walls are a gorgeous reminder of the history and charm that brings me back to my home turf again and again. You can't go wrong. The city is ALIVE and RUNNING! Don't miss out!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marmot1995
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Atmosphere, OK Rooms The location really cannot be beat. The hotel is about 2 blocks from Cafe DuMonde (24 hours by the way). It's on the western edge of the square. Basically the hotel is in the middle of the French Quarter, with the French Market and such towards the south east, the steamboat cruises and casinos/shopping to the west. Bourbon Street is walkable in about 5 minutes, but also far enough away that the craziness can't be heard from the hotel.Everyone entering the hotel has to walk through the small lobby to get to the rooms, which seems like a small but still nice security measure.Parking is an extra $25 a night, but this is typical for the area. Had no problems leaving the car for 2 nights. Valet was very nice.We were in a room with no windows, and knew this going in since it had the lowest rate. The room was smaller than some, with a king size bed, but with ample walking room. The sink/toilet and a closet are separated off from the main room. Air conditioning/thermostat worked well, and there was also a ceiling fan. The bed was just ok...it had a significant slope towards the middle, but was comfy nonetheless. The rooms are definitely a bit older. The comforter had a couple of cigarette burns. Carpet a tad worn. But the place was very clean, which is what I care about.There is a nice small courtyard surrounding a smallish pool. A nice place to read or rest the feet after a long day of sightseeing.For the location, safety of the area, and character, this hotel can't be beat. The staff was very helpful and nice. I would highly recommend.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Utopian2008
<Content>Great hotel, unbelievable value I stayed at this hotel for 4 days, 3 nights in May of 2008. Here are the highlights:- clean, large, charming room- nice pool by which to lounge- free breakfast snacks- central to the French Quarter- super helpful, friendly staff...and the price was great. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. The *best* place to stay in the quarter  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ciaobeau
<Content>LOVE LOVE LOVE PLace D'Armes hotel AMAZING expereince at the hotel.Great roooms, helping staff, perfect location, good price, wonderful atmosphere...what more could you want in any hotel?  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gogogotravel
<Content>Fantastic The Place d'Arms was a fantastic place to stay, everyone makes it so easy for you from the personal in the breakfast room, the front desk and the back room. They all had the answers to all questions and were very helpful. I would go back in a minute. Our room was beautiful, the sheets we crisp, the room was very clean.Thank you for being there for me to book into.The history of New Orleans is a trip back in time.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Momwolf
<Content>Loved, loved loved it! Great location, beautiful courtyard, Lovely people We loved this place. It was very European in feel. It has a perfect location just off Jackson Square and the staff is hepful and friendly.I can't think of even one drawback.We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jrfreak
<Content>quaint and beautiful the courtyard was breathtaking this hotel is wonderful. its courtyard is overwelming with huge magnoilia trees and blooming flowers and an inground pool. the staff was very helpful and the building is amazing it was built in1725 and was the first school in new orleans so there is much history the tour ever talk about it. we are booking again for new years rooms are affordable and location is great, it is 1 block from the st.loise cathedral 1 block from bourbon street and maybe three blocks from the river. this is a jewel. it has 8 buildings for guest to stay you will love it. christy and scott rogers birmingham  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LTownsendMD
<Content>Genuine New Oreans almost for free       family  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>travelingshepherds
<Content>The Place is haunted you know!       From the street  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Jamison
<Content>Aged Dowager Needs Assistance! Location is perfect - on the end of Jackson Square - 2 blocks to Bourbon  a quick sprint to Cafe du Monde.The hotel has been lovingly restored, but has not addressed the onerous issues of maintenance and refurbishment. The A/C isappalling- recirculating mold spores is hardly pleasant  non opening windows only magnifies the problem. The hotel needs a serious HVAC overhaul. Yes, New Orleans is 'tropical', but that is no excuse for an outdated  ineffiecent system.Thank heavens for the VERY lovely courtyard. It is well cared for, thoughtful in design - tables  chairs galore, nooks and crannies and a sweet dipping pool. Next to location, it is the hotels most notable feature.Our room was well sized, but everything was WEARY. The beds were over slept in ,judging by the lumps and the sheets were very thin and the pillows more so. The bathroom was adequate, but far less luxurious than the room rate. The drain in the tub was stubborn, as well as the sink. Towels were thin and edging towards being ragged. Housekeeping tried to plump the worn coverlets and pillows each day. Staff was pleasant, but scattered. It took 3 tries to find our room ( the hotel is designed like maze!) Good bell hops in summoning taxi's on time. Breakfast attendant kept the area clean and well stocked ( note: unless weak coffee and Sam's Club boxed pastries are your idea of heaven - walk the 45 seconds to Cafe Du Monde). Garden staff are phonomenal.All in all, a wonderful spot to explore the French Quarter and a sweet spot to relax in the courtyard, but a mildewy, tired place to retire into.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Mzscahlett
<Content>A Trip Back in Time ~ Place D'Armes When my husband and I arrived at the Place D鈥橝rmes, I felt absolutely transported back in time. Standing under the gas lights in the beautiful brick entranceway, I could imagine myself in another century, and I could hear the locals chattering away in an 18th Century French patois. If I closed my eyes I could imagine them in their finery, dressing up for a night on the town filled with good food, wine and social intrigue, perhaps even a brush with a handsome Vampyre.And that鈥檚 what I had hoped for, so my visit here was perfect. If the setting and location is not your top priority, then you鈥檇 be better off at a chain hotel whose focus is on service and pampering alone. If you would prefer to really submerge yourself in the local culture and get a feel for the heart of New Orleans, then Place D鈥橝rmes is for you.As for the accommodations themselves, we found the rooms to be clean. They vary in size and 鈥渟tature鈥?but if you ask, the hotel staff is extremely forthcoming about what to expect. They warned us repeatedly that our room was an interior one, without windows, so we were not disappointed to find we had no view. Frankly, as we were there during the height of Jazz Fest, the lack of windows provided silence and a darkened room when we found we preferred sleep to the bustle and activity out on the street. I would love at some point to have a street balcony, but would expect it to be loud and perhaps something best appreciated by 30 something鈥檚 out for a great time in the Quarter.This hotel is old and that is its charm. The rooms were really pretty, in that authentically French Quarter sort of way. The staff was friendly, authentic, helpful and really cheerful, in spite of the fact that many of them were still displaced from their own homes or had family who was still struggling, even after three years. If the plumbing was a bit faulty due to the age of the building and the lack of tourism dollars to perhaps repair it entirely, I didn't find any minor discomforts I couldn't overlook. We had a 鈥渟ink issue鈥?and the hotel took care of it for us, but it did take until the next morning. None of these minor problems impacted our visit. I felt that the tiny difficulties we had were negligible, and certainly understandable, in light of what New Orleans has been through in recent years. This is, after all, a City struggling to, in the words of Marc Cohn Dance Back From the Grave.It is easy to forget this, and to evaluate the city and its inhabitants as though their lives are like our own, and to perhaps hold them to standards we would expect in New York or San Francisco. But I know from the tour I took of the devastation left by Katrina, that contractors are in short supply, and there is little that has been done. This is a town that is still missing two-thirds of it鈥檚 population, is still waiting for almost non-existent government assistance for damage done by a monumental national disaster. Everywhere I went I was met with kindness and a smile, if not the 鈥渟peediest鈥?service or attention. But after all, it is the South, and they just don't move at the frantic speed we do on the Coasts. It may be that they have a better appreciation of the fafact that life is, indeed too short.If they need some slack, I鈥檓 going to be inclined to give it to them.I loved this hotel, and it's staff, and its location and I will definitely make it my new home in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>niugirl21
<Content>The Worst Rip Off EVER I am not one to post reviews at all, but this place moved me to tell the world not to waste their money. If you book here, take airfreshner, your own bedding and towels, and a high tolerance for being treated rudely! We had an interior room for jazzfest, and it was awful! There were no windows, so good luck knowing if it's the middle of the night, 11 in the morning, sunny, or pouring rain out. The room's air conditioning units were pumping out a foul smelling 'moldy' odor, that the staff seemed to not care about. We spent $30 extra dollars at Walgreens to purchase our own de-odorizers, which only masked the stench. When given the key to an alternate room, we found it stunk worse that the original!!!The room was filthy, we found a presntation board, from a previous guest, under our bed that was dated 2002, if that tells you anything about the cleaning staff's dedication. It seemed that everyday as we were leaving the hotel, the cleaning staff was always sitting in other rooms watching tv and lounging around.In addition to outragous room rates, we were charged $25 a day plus tax for parking!! Plenty of other Quarter hotels don't charge if you are a guest!And the kicker is, the front desk staff got caught talking smack about us as we were leaving the hotel. And although we called hotel managment on it, we still saw the same staffers in the lobby each evening of our stay. So, I felt uncomfortable the entirity of my stay, everytime I came or went through the lobby area. And beware, this hotel is owned and operated by a company that owns two others in the area, so beware of them also!The only positives about this place were that it had a beautiful courtyard and an extremely friendly and helpful parking staff!!!! (you can find that almost anywhere in the Quarted by the way!)  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>sugar111
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! Place d' Arms was the highlight of our trip to New Orleans! Besides being in the perfect location, right in the heart of the French Quarter, the accomodations were perfect and the ambiance was out of this world. Mornings were spent in the glorious courtyard sipping the delicious coffee and eating the fabulous croissants - we enjoyed the breakfasts there better than Cafe du Monde, which was only a block away! And after a long day of sighseeing, we couldn't wait to get back to the courtyard for cocktails and the lovely weather and fragrant smells of the honeysuckle in bloom! Our courtyard double room was a perfect size for the 3 of us, with a nice separate bathroom and dressing area, so we could have privacy. The staff were accomodating and kept us in good supply of extra coffee each day, since we are big coffee drinkers. Everything was perfect and I would definitely recommend Place d' Arms to anyone who wants a relaxing vacation in NOLA.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KathyVancouver_BC
<Content>Lots of character       Cafe du Monde  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>dlphn_lvr28
<Content>Loved It~ My fiance at the time decided to surprise me and take me on a romantic motorcycle ride to new orleans..we took off and when we got there he took me to this hotel he had heard about , which happened to be this one..the rooms were nice and very romantic...we had a great time that weekend....and the staff was excellent....Unfortnately, my fiance was killed two months ago in a motorcycle accident.....i miss him very much, but I often think of the fond memories of this quaint hotel and the romantic trip.......I recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to get away for the weekend with the person they love......I will stay here again soon.Thanks for the memories!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobojones
<Content>Horrible! RUDE staff, Shabby rooms, hair in the sheets, just plain AWFUL! I think the hotel was disgusting, and the managers dont care! I TRULY believe the good reviews on here were written by the managers! No WAY would i suggest this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bo1790
<Content>Be warned I wished someone warned me about how dirty this hotel is.I'm surprised at all the great reviews and no mention about cleanliness. The carpet, towels, blankets and pillows had many noticable stains. The mattress and pillows were very uncomfortable. The rooms are all different, many very small. We requested a street balcony. We got a public street balcony and a very small room for the price of a deluxe room. The pool only had 3 tables and about 4 or 5 lounge chairs, and they were always occupied. The positives, price and great location, in my opinion do not make up for the discomfort of the stay.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>imAgoinToKeyWest
<Content>Great Hotel- Good Experience       View from sitting at our balcony table  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>davidcarol
<Content>smooth stay the two of us stayed 4 nights mid-April , booked in advance from trip advisor reviews infor. Secured a deluxe room (with windows) -- - some rooms do not have any windows! Found a really nice hotel ,lovely courtyard, clean room whose position just off Jackson Square ideal for all NO attractions yet like a beautiful oasis away from it all .The staff were great , ideal place to be!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Ghostl8y
<Content>Has character and charm This hotel is simply amazing. It has old-world style, character and charm. The room was lovely, and we were fortunate enough to get a balcony room that overlooked Jackson Square. The courtyard is one of the prettiest in New Orleans. We found the staff extremely friendly and pleasant. They bend over backwards to accommodate guests. Lyn at the front desk was a joy to deal with.I was amazed at how quiet and peaceful the hotel was. Being just 2 blocks from Bourbon, and literally across the street from Jackson Square, it was amazingly quiet.My only complaint would have to be that the bathroom area is a bit small, and the doors are basically just louvered shutters. Doors that afford a bit more privacy would be nice- but this is a minor detail, as the room was perfect for our needs.We will definitely be staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>NDK123
<Content>Love the Place d'Armes My husband and I just returned from a week in New Orleans, and one of the reasons it was such a memorable trip was the Place d'Armes Hotel. The location couldn't have been better. We started off in an interior room for the week-end of the French Quarter Festival, but were moved to a great outside room as soon as one became available. Both of these rooms were very clean and well taken care of. The staff was very helpful, especially Sue and Les. I would highly recommend the Place d'Armes and plan to stay there on all future visits to New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wind2730
<Content>Fabulous Charming, lovely, and more than I ever expected. This place is perfection.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missnmsy
<Content>Fabulous Fabulous!! This is the most perfect hotel in New Orleans.Everything about Place d' Armes is the best! I had an interior room on the 3rd. floor and it was NOT dark, NOT moldy, NOT small. We spent minimal time in the room anyway. You could of ate off the floor it was squeaky clean every day. Maid service is top notch.We spent most of the time at the hotel outside in the fabulous courtyard.Terrific pool and landscaping also. The location is the best in the center of the FQ.The entire staff ( front desk-bell hop-housekeeping-maintenance-breakfast lady-painter etc.....) were friendly and helpful plus interesting to chat with. I can't say enough about this hotel and I've been to New Orleans 20 times in 16 years so I consider myself an expert :) Special thanks to Dionne, Nate, Frank, Carlos, the 2 sweet guys helping out the housekeeping staff and their superiors. We can't wait to return!!!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tripwork
<Content>Poor Customer Relations This was our 15th visit to the French Quarter - We love the food and atmosphere of the Quarter and have always enjoyed ourselves while visiting. We always stay in or near the quarter for the convience of walking to all the local spots. This trip we reserved our room at the Place d'Armes hotel- our room was dark but clean and had a great almost private courtyard access. However upon check out - which took nearly 35 minutes- we were brought our vehicle from the onsite parking garage - the passenger's side door had a huge dent! We waited another 20 minutes to see the manager and fill out claim work given to us by the manager. Several photos of the dent and a video of the manager looking at the damage were also taken. After several phone call and emails we began getting a huge run around from the manager. We were NOT compensated for the damages. A year later we have not heard from the hotel or manager and he will not return our phone/emails any longer.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fellowtraveler101
<Content>Great Location, but no window in my room The Place d' Armes has one of the best locations in the French Quarter, but I had an interior room with no windows and it felt dark and musty. Once outside my hotel room, however, the hotel had character and atmosphere.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>heidiAtlanta
<Content>pretty good The location of this hotel is great... Cafe'de Monde right down the street, far enough from Bourbon so you will not get the nightlife... Clean and accomodating. However, make sure you ask about your room first.. Ours had No windows, which was strange, but they immediatly found us another room with windows... The courtyard is very cute, and it probably is the best to get a room facing the courtyard... it really is very pretty. It is a small hotel, do not expect big hotel stuff!! No restaurant, but they serve a perfecly ok continental.. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>siroblio
<Content>Very Dark Room Decided to try Place d'Armes. Negatives: Room had no window. Very dark. Small room. Dirty bedsheet. Bathroom had some mold.Saggy bed.Floor felt icky.A bit on the dirty side.Positives:Great location.Fairly cheap.Nice enough staff.Overall: Be sure you get a room with a window. Otherwise you will be in a very dark room.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>TnChik
<Content>Charming and quiet stay in the French Quarter I just came back from a visit to New Orleans-my third trip and second stay at the Place d'Armes. The hotel has a beautiful courtyard with a pool, great atmosphere, and a wonderful, friendly staff. My best friend and I were there for a literary conference and our four days were packed with events, dining and shopping. The Place d'Armes is on St., Ann, next to the St. Louis Cathedral, and is so convenient to everything the French Quarter has to offer. One block to Cafe du Monde! Muriel's on the corner! (Try the Sunday Jazz Brunch). One block to Royal Street and two blocks from Bourbon. Request a courtyard balcony room, and you will not be disappointed. It is definitely my hotel of choice in all of New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IUGrad
<Content>A wonderful Easter at the Place D Armes       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MNtraveler1399
<Content>Location! This is the 10 or 11 time I have stayed in NOLA, but the first at the Place D'Armes. I chose this hotel for location as we had stayed at The Ambassador last year and liked it quite a bit. This year however, we wanted to stay closer to Bourbon. We arrived approximately 2:00 pm on Wednesday March 19, the valet service was very quick. We were told at check in that our room would not be ready until 4:00 and the bellhop would hold our bags. Had just enough time to go to Cafe Du Monde for beignets and cafe au lait, walked up to a couple of shops we always visit, and came back to the hotel at 4:00.Our room was ready and the bellhop was quick with the bags. Contrary to earlier reviews, there is an elevator, and no need to carry your bags up the stairs. The room was interior and the furnishings were old looking. Not enough to cause an issue, the price was right and the location was excellent. We were able to walk easily to everything: Bourbon Street, Market, good restaurants.The bathroom was clean and large enough to include the sink vanity, bath, and toilet. Staff seemed friendly, smiled, and talked us up in the elevators and hallways.One word of advice - if you are afraid of the dark, opt for an exterior room. Since there are no windows in the interior ones, it is extremely dark when the lights are off - pitch black. My traveling companion and I loved it, especially after the long nights on Bourbon led to late mornings asleep.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>keyguys
<Content>Loved our stay at the Place d'Armes I'd like to recommend the Place d'Armes Hotel in New Orleans. I recently spent 3 days there with a group of friends. Our double room opened onto the courtyard where our group spent time organizing our day, drinking coffee, and just enjoying the day. The staff was more than helpful at all times. The hotel is very convenient to everything in the French Quarter and we were able to walk everywhere. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cruze-lover
<Content>I wish I could love this hotel We stayed at the Place D'Armes for New Years/Sugar Bowl. Note that when you book this hotel during a special event, the stay is non-refundable, but the website is very upfront about that.While there is many positive reviews about this hotel, I am afraid the negatives outweighed the positives for this stay.First the positives. The location is excellent, right in the FQ, very close to Jackson Park. The courtyard and outside of the hotel has that old New Orleans charm. Fortunately, the weather cooperated enough so we could sit in the courtyard, rather than the dismal room. The hotel has parking and the valet was quick. I have waited for hours on my car at other hotels in the quarter. Our room was quiet. That too is rare in the Quarter.The negatives. Our room was dismal. Dark, dirty carpet, flea market quality brown bedspread, 80's 19 TV. While the room had some shabby chic charm, it did not make up for the saggy bed that honestly, I didn't even look under the sheets at the mattress. Bathroom was so small, tub and toliet and the sink was outside. We used extra towels to cover the dirty carpet and pulled a chair over so we could put our shoes and socks on right after our showers. AC was right next to the bed so you got a constant draft. Windows were painted shut. We were in a second floor room, so you have to lug your suitcases up a narrow flight of stairs. We were traveling with others, some of their rooms were nicer, very hit or miss. Due to the full hotel, we could not change. Fortunately, New Orleans is so much fun and you don't stay in the room. I guess you could call it a good drinking then crashing hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>gogirl1
<Content>Loved Place D'Armes! We chose to stay at this hotel based on reviews from this site. We were not disappointed. We had a very brief stay, one night, and were treated wonderfully! The general manager Mr. Valentino directed us to a great place to eat (Irene's) and in the direction of some awesome live zydeco music that night. We had a great room, it was very comfortable and our quaint room had a wonderful balconey which allowed us to look from Bourbon Street to Decatur. It is close to everything in the French Quarter: Cafe Du Monde, shopping on Royal, etc. We felt very safe and secure! You can't go wrong! It's a delightful place to stay and we plan to stay again next time in NOLA!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>VanNuysBear
<Content>Great 50th Birthday Celebration While celebrating my 50th Birthday, the Place d'Armes was used as our 'home base'. I've stayed at this hotel at least once a year for the past 14 years. But as I had 21 people coming from out-of-town and staying at the property, I was concerned how my friends and family would like the property. Well I should have known not to be concerned The hotel staff was wonderful, and took care of everyone's needs. The rooms were great, and of course I already knew everyone would love the courtyard and location in the heart of the French Quarter. Many thanks to the staff at the hotel (especially Dionne at the front desk) for an exceptional job. You helped make my 50th birthday special.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>dbaughart
<Content>Has some problems, but mostly a great place. I have stayed at the Place d'Armes hotel many times pre-Katrina. My wife and I returned for the first time since the storm. It is still the best location and a hidden gem. The courtyards are really beautiful. There are some rooms that exit directly to courtyard. I generally stay in the cheaper no window rooms.The owners have newly decorated the interiors and it is comperable to any little boutique type hotel. The interior rooms can be dark, not so much due to the lack of windows, but the lack of bright bulbs in the room. This is a great place for older travelers because of the location. However, older travelers be aware of the lack of bright light in some of the rooms, and some rooms are accesible only via stairs.This is not a perfect hotel by any means, as some of the reviews may suggest. The building is old, but maintained fairly well. The main problem seems to be lack of housekeeping staff. We arrived at 12pm, checked our bags and the room was ready at 5pm. That is fast for this hotel. On the next three days, there were 15-20 people waiting for their rooms to be ready, well past 6pm.  Also, when we arrived, there was no remote for the tv. After two calls, one came.  The staff are mostly friendly, especially the bellcaps.However, the breakfast lady was not very friendly. I felt as if she thought I was going to steal something. I am sure she is just trying to be attentive, but it came across as overbearing. It would help if she smiled. In four days, I never saw her smile, not once. Not even after a five dollar tip. The rest of the staff, especially the housekeeping staff, were very friendly. I am not sure that all the staff realizes that friendliness makes a difference when people go to a hotel. It does to me. Speaking of the breakfast, go get a real one from a restuarant, or better yet, get some bienyets from Cafe D'Monde. It is only a block away, as is The Coffee Pot which has the best omlettes in town.The Continental Breakfast here(Place d'Arms) comprises of croissants (a tad stale sometimes) and on somedays a cinnamon roll is available. They provide coffee and orange juice.All in all, this is still a great place, as long as you have a back up plan for what you will do with your time if your room is not ready.I hope this helps anyone considering the Place d' Arms.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	2	1	

<Author>Kennedy311
<Content>great stay I just got back from staying at the hotel with a bunch of my friends, and we all had a great stay. I booked 3 rooms, never having seen the hotel before except for pictures on the computer and was very pleased. I stayed in a room that overlooked the courtyard. It was like we had our own private area, with some french style doors that opened onto a large private balcony. the other rooms were very nice also with different layouts, but i would definately recommend a courtyard room if available. The staff was very friendly as well. I would recommend this hotel to all different types of people. It is about 2 blocks away from the all the cool stuff in the French Quarter, and also only 1 block away from Bourbon street. Lots of things to do. very convenient.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>VIPalltheway
<Content>Loaded with charm       room 227 on 2nd level  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dragyi
<Content>New Orleans Post- Katrina March 2008 Just returned from 5 days at Place D'Armes Hotel 625 St. Ann Street near Jackson Square. Beautiful old hotel with courtyards, pool, continental bkfst, centrally located with attentive staff. Need to select courtyard room. New Orleans is up  running. There are still a few vacant shops  restaurants in the French Quarter but for the most part everything is operating well. We have visited New Orleans many times pre-Katrina, now recommend traveling to New Orleans once again.Ellen from San Diego, CA  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ofines
<Content>100% Perfect My husband and I (from Northern VA) got married in the French Quarter on Feb. 24, 2008. We (and most of our guests) booked rooms for the weekend at this hotel. I cannot say enough about this establishment. The rooms are amazing, the courtyard, pool, and breakfast rooms are incredible - but to top it all off the service (staff) was phenomenal. To give a perfect example, I realized the day of my wedding that I had forgotten my garter belt. My bridesmaid called down to the front desk for a recommendation of where to get one... the manager personally took the call and said not to worry, she'd have someone from the staff bring one up. She sent someone from the hotel to find the much needed item, and had it up to my room in 20 minutes- and it was perfect. They bent over backwards for us the whole weekend - we'll never stay anywhere else when we are in town. Perfect place! 100% perfect.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>matthewboh
<Content>My favorite hotel We've been going to Jazz Fest since the beginning and stayed all over town, in Slidell, in top hotels and the cheapest ones we could find. Nothing beats the Place d'Armes. In years that kept us from attending Jazz Fest, we've sent family and friends to experience the hotel so we would never lose our standing reservation. On top of the location, the staff has always been wonderful! They've been helpful, courteous, caring and accommodating. It's like coming home, year after year.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>hermesMaine
<Content>Great locally owned hotel in the heart of The French Quarter This is a great hotel in the heart of The Quarter, right behind St. Louis Cathedral, 2 blocks from Bourbon Street, 1 block to Cafe du Monde and a 5 minute walk to Frenchmen's Street and the jazz clubs(65 minutes, or more, if you stop for a drink at Coop's). It is a very well maintained property, locally owned with a beautiful court yard and caring staff. Simply put it is the only place to stay if you care about price and convenience. I have stayed here on all my trips to N.O.LA ( 5 weeks or so each year since Katrina), except for 2 nights last year when the hotel was booked. On that trip I stayed at the Hilton and while it was an efficient business class hotel, it wasn't friendly. I am not a morning person and stay out listening to jazz until the wee hours. In the mornings, at the Place, on the way down to the beautiful breakfast room both guests and staff say hello. Frankly a little jarring to my sleepy self. Well, there was none of that to be bothered with at the Hilton. Nobody said hello, and there was no free, continental breakfast.Most importantly, the hotel is owned by a local family that cares about the city. The money you spend to stay there will stay in New Orleans: only part of the money you leave at the chain hotels will stay in New Orleans. If you love New Orleans you will stay local, shop and eat local and help New Orleans get back to pre K levels.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trav55
<Content>Still a great find in the Quarter I have stayed at the Place D Armes several times over the past year when I travel to New Orleans for business. I have never had a bad experience at the hotel. My rooms have always been clean, the bedding comfortable, and the staff friendly and helpful. I usually stay in the interior room without the window because of price. I figure I am not in the room enough to have it make a great deal of difference. Most of the rooms are different sizes and layouts but I have had no problems with any of them. Just remember this is an old establishment. It is not a new cookie cutter chain. The hotel is well located, at Jackson Square. It is close to the attractions of the Quarter with out so much of the noise.As I have mentioned before, the breakfast could be a better, change something from time to time. It has been croissants and a sweet roll along with coffee and orange juice every time. It is still better than having to go out however. If you want more, there are several place offering full breakfasts close by.I have no hesitation recommending this hotel to anyone. And no I do not work for the hotel or its management.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	-1	5	3	

<Author>mittmott
<Content>still moldy I decided to give the Place one more try. Had been there just after Katrina, and found it dirty. Blamed it (maybe) on lack of staff. Well , as I stated before, it has a nice atmosphere, when you first look, but when you are up close, still, the diry, moldy, mildewy place it was a few years ago. The furniture and carpets are getting shabby, and the place smells like mildew. Nice location, but nothing more. I'm back to cookie cutter, as the regulars like to call it, because, I'd rather have cookie cutter and clean, then plain old dirt.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	4	3	3	

<Author>Alfatango1
<Content>Best of all my stays I've been going to New Orleans for about ten years now and have stayed in every manner of accomendation and the Place D' Armes is so far my favorite. I've stayed on Bourbon at the Royal Sonesta and for the money this hotel is much better. Right on Jackson Square, a 150 yards from Cafe Dumonde and just around the corner from Certral Grocery, what more can you want? Friendly staff, clean room with a view of St. Ann street for not too much money. The room was super clean, the court yard is amazing and the location is to die for. I did not know it was supposed to be haunted but hey, it's three hundred years old. On my last night I was awoken about a dozen times with a weird feeling in my room and around me but nothing visual, I only felt this way two other times, once at the St. Peters House Hotel in NOLA and once in Virginia at a very old house that my friends in laws owned no big deal, it was fantastic! All in all I'd recommend this beautiful hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ssigur
<Content>The "Place" To Be! One of our BEST travel experiences is when we stayed at the Place d'Armes Hotel in New Orleans. Being from New Orleans - it helped me renew my love for this new and improved City. My husband being an artist - felt so inspired that we booked again the very next day for our return visit. We have family in town, but will make each stay to include time spent at the Place d'Armes. The staff, ambiance and rooms were unique New Orleans. My family visited our room at the Place and confirmed our feeling. It felt like we were staying in Europe, but with a Southern charm.Previously being in the hotel industry for 17 years, we've stayed at unique hotels all over the globe, but the Place d' Armes, like my husband, is the only one that has my heart. Sandra Sigur  Richard SznerchCelebration, Florida  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PT07
<Content>Charming, historic hotel We stayed in the Place d'Armes on February 7th to 10th , the weekend after Mardi Gras, and we found it to be a great hotel ! We booked the hotel by contacting the staff directly. We were worried after reading some of the tripadvisor reviews that we might get a room without windows, especially when the written confirmation did not give us any assurance. However, when we called the staff, they assured us that we would get the room we asked for. We stayed in a room on the third floor, which overlooked Chartres Street, and has easy access to the balcony that runs the length of the chartres st side. Whatever street noise there was at night was no worse than Hoboken, New Jersey, where we live.The Place d'Armes hotel is a complex of old buildings clustered around two courtyards. We were able to eat breakfast in the courtyard, which was a great way to start each day. There is a small swimming pool, but the weather was not warm enough to use it during our stay. The greatest advantage of this hotel is its location, which could not be better. It allowed us to get tickets for the 9am National Park Ranger tour of the French Quarter, and allowed us to wander around the quarter during our stay. We ate at three great restaurants which were all a few blocks walk: Irene鈥檚 Cuisine and Caf茅 Amelie, which are literally only two blocks away each, and Olivier鈥檚, which is on Decatur, close to Canal Street. The hotel is two blocks away from the river bank in one direction, and two blocks from Bourbon Street. This part of the French quarter seemed to be very safe, any hour of the day or night. We toured the Cabaldo, and we browsed around the shops on Royal Street and elsewhere. The staff at the Place d鈥?Armes, particularly Laura and Sandy were helpful. They recommended a plantations tour, which we took during our stay. There were a couple of negatives: the people in one of the rooms on our corridor were smoking throughout their stay, despite the fact that this is a non-smoking hotel. Also, during the stay, the locks on the doors in our corridor were changed. We were not told why, but I guess this shows a willingness of management to take some post-Mardi Gras precautions ! Overall, we would recommend this hotel, primarily because of its location, and its historic feel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johntlambert
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans The entire experience at Place d鈥橝rmes was delightful. Everyone, from the staff at the parking garage when we entered to the bellmen, front desk staff, and support staff were the finest that I ever encountered in New Orleans. I travel quite a bit for my job, and I can tell you that the Place d鈥橝rmes outclassed every hotel that I have seen anywhere in Europe and the US. The rooms were exceptionally clean. The staff went above and beyond expectations to make the stay memorable. The setting, the class, and the experience was true New Orleans Southern hospitality. The location is just a few feet from historic Jackson Square, and is an easy walk to the French Market, the antiques on Royal Street, or the nightlife on Bourbon Street. There are many wonderful and unique shops nearby where treasures from around the world can be found. The restaurants nearby range from family eateries to fine dining. We were there because a member of our family was getting married on Valentine's day. We did the ceremony at the hotel in their spectacular courtyard. The hotel staff did everything that we asked to make that very special day one to remember. I strongly recommend the Place d鈥橝rmes for your next stay in New Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RAEABusinessfan
<Content>Great Little Secret We frequent New Orleans on business throughout the year. We have stayed at different hotels, but found this little secret that is only blocks away from business associates as well as fine dinning right next door, also in the surrounding area.We have stayed during the best and worst (convention times) there and found the rooms are safe,secure,quiet,clean as well as COOL !! That is very important when you are staying in New Orleans.The parking is secure and they are excellent in giving you driving directions. The staff is excellent !!The breakfast is a french pastry, cinnamon roll, orange juice, french coffee, regular coffee and all the fixings. !! Very good for most standards today.Try this Little Secret place and you will not be disappointed !!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Virginia_Tourist123
<Content>Security Issues I booked 2 nights at this hotel because of how beautiful it looked. Thinking it would be the same on the inside but I was wrong. The room smelled moldy and the bed was very uncomfortable. The location is nice but this place really needs to boost security. We parked our car in their garage thinking it was safe but to our surprise, we had some articles stolen. We tried contacting the owner. After many attempts, he reached us back and offered a one night stay here. One night stay at a hotel where we had something stolen from us? I dont think it would be very pleasant.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>mickey0926
<Content>Don't Be Fooled by the Pictures After a 12 hour road trip, my friends and i were ready to shower and hit the french quarter. the guest attendant who checked us in was rude to one in my party who simply asked for the restroom. after we were given the keys to our room...we all remarked at how everything looked just as it did on the website, the swimming pool, fountains  courtyard...until we reached our room. it was nothing like the picture, small, cramped, and we found cigarette butts in the fireplace, the bathroom floor  tub had hair in it and none of us wanted to guess what the black ring was in our toilet...so it wasn't clean either. after complaining to the gm Mr. Valentino, who told us they were booked for the weekend. we decided to get something to eat and weigh out our options. as we were leaving the hotel we passed by our room. or at least the one that made us book with this hotel. the door was open and had not been attended to by housekeeping. what really got us angry was that it was well after 5 by this point, which means that no one was checking into this room..and your hotel is completely booked???? we immediately requested to speak with Mr. Valentino, who stalled us for another 10 minutes. we explained our dissatisfaction and treatment since arrival and requested that our room be changed. it's right in the heart of the quarter, close walking distance to the french market, bourbon, and some of the best restaurants. but if you book here be prepared to put up a fuss if you want a room that looks anything like the one they advertised.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>max42044
<Content>Disappointed in Place d'Armes My wife and I stayed at the Place D Armes between February 10-17. Although we normally stay at Hotel Monteleone; we picked the Place D Armes for this trip due to its location and the reviews on this site.PROS: Location - The location of this hotel at Jackson Square is excellent. Courtyard - The ambiance of the large courtyard gives you the feel of the French Quarter.CONS: Room - We stayed in Room 319 which was a deluxe one bed room that was in the three story building at the end of the main courtyard. One of the problems with this type of older hotel is that there can be a lot of inconsistencies from one room to the next, which is bore out by the varying reviews on this hotel. Some of the problems noted were: / We found that the sitting area of the room was very dark. When we checked it out there was a light bulb missing from this two bulb lamp. / One of the bedside lamps was broken and not functional. / The window curtain to the common use balcony had a torn lining and would not close tightly. / The electrical receptacle which had been added to the brick wall in the sitting area was not securely anchored to the wall.Bathroom - There were louvered doors leading in to the sink area and subsequently into the toilet  tub area. This meant privacy was somewhat limited and the noise from the hairdryer would overpower the TV. / There was not a exhaust fan in the toilet  tub area. / Sink area was small and very cluttered after adding our toiletries. Ice Machine - The only ice, soda, and snack machines were located close to the reception area. We couldn鈥檛 have been much farther away and during a stormy night you had to go through the courtyard to get there.Staff - We found the receptionists to be indifferent.Hot Water - When we arrived on Sunday night, my wife found the water for her bath that night was not particularly hot. The next morning, though, the water was nice and hot.Mice - We had an unexpected visitor one night - a mouse. Would guess that he came in under the door which had a gap of at least an inch between the bottom of the door and the floor. The hallway outside the door led directly outside. Although this intruder did not bother me, I did not tell my wife about him until we got home. NEUTRALS: Breakfast - The breakfast included in the room price consisted of croissants and sweet buns with coffee and orange juice. We only ate the breakfast once during our stay. I either liked a full breakfast or, more often than not, went to the Caf茅 Du Monde for caf茅 au lait and beignets.Although the negatives far out number the positives in my review, this hotel is not really as bad as it may seem. Too often the faults of a particular room seems to stick in the mind more than the good aspects of the overall stay. Also it seems that by reviews from others that have stayed here there are some excellent rooms within this hotel. Yet, will probably not stay at the Place D Armes again. Although the location is excellent there are a lot of great choices within and at the outskirts of the French Quarter.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>KeninAustin
<Content>Great Deal The Place d'Armes was a great deal. They gave me a fantastic rate for one of the rooms with no windows. We were a little concerned going in that we would miss the window, but never did. The hotel people were very helpful, and the location just can not be beat. It really is 1/2 block from Jackson Square, a block from the Gumbo Shop, Cafe du Monde, etc.. It was less than 5 minute walk to Pat Obriens, which made me feel very safe. Good hotel with great prices at an outstanding location. It will definetly be my 1st choice on my next trip.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rjaustin926
<Content>Great location I stayed at this hotel for two nights when in on business and would eagerly return, the location is fantastic - it's located in the middle of the french quarter, easy to walk to great historical sights, restaurants, shopping and just a couple blocks from Cafe du Monde - property is nice, service is good, parking easy  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>nurse1sue
<Content>nice french quarter hotel very nice french quarter hotel in a great location. lots of charm and character. had a courtyard room that was lovely and the courtyard is really beautiful. housekeeping was great . we asked for extra towels and coffee each day and they always left far more than we needed. the complimentary breakfast was good but since i am unable to eat bread or rolls i usually went out to a resturant. staff is very friendly and helpful. i would and will be staying there again. my only warning is the courtyard can be a bit noisy in the night with people coming and going late but it's new orleans.........  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kevingrr59
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We chose the Place d'Armes for its convenient location to the french quarter. It was within walking distance of many popular points of interest. The valet and desk clerk were very helpful. We were allowed to use the courtyard for a small wedding. We had several special requests to which the staff was very accomodating. We spent some time walking through the french quarter and were pleased to find it very inviting and much cleaner than several years ago.We enjoyed our stay and hope to visit again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sushiactress
<Content>Fantastic location What a great location, right on Jackson Square! A block to Cafe du Monde and the riverfront, all of the French Quarter right outside the door.There's a lovely, quiet courtyard, complete with fountains. A wonderful spot to eat your (free) breakfast or have a late night drink (as I did!). I did experience some noise from the street, trucks going by, pedestrians, etc. but it wasn't too bad. You can probably avoid that by getting one of the cheaper interior rooms that don't have windows.I'm not the type to go to New Orleans and then sit in my room rating the wallpaper and furnishings, but if you are, you might want to opt for the Ritz or the Westin. The Place d'Armes does have a rather worn look, but for $58 a night at this location, I was MORE than satisfied.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>kathybrez
<Content>love Place D'Armes If you are looking for sleek and modern then go stay on Canal street at one of the high rises. I am from Iowa City and have probably booked 70 nights of rooms there (two rooms at a time) over the past eight years. WE LOVE IT and wouldn't stay anywhere else. It is what New Orleans is about.There isn't a more pleasant staff to work with, the location is everything and the courtyards are beautiful. We always spring for a courtyard room but if money is an issue than get an interior room and walk out to enjoy the patio area.I only wish they employed a frequent user punch card in order to get some comps once in awhile!!!!Book freely and without hesitation and no I do not work there! I am simply a teacher in Iowa that loves the flavor of the BIg Easy.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MEPM
<Content>Enoyed the Place D'Armes I had a wonderful five night-stay at the Place D'Armes. The courtyard is quintessenially New Orleans. It was too cold and rainy while I was there to really enjoy the courtyard, but it was beautiful and one of the best aspects of the hotel. My room was huge and clean. The continental breakfast was so-so, but one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. And you can't beat the location.The hotel is not sleek or modern, nor is it for the young and hip who are looking for a party. I would recommend it to couples looking for a retreat from the commotion of Bourbon St. and families because of the courtyard and pool.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>RobinsonNottingham
<Content>STAY AWAY! BEWARE! Stay away from this hotel. My wife and I planned on staying here with some friends two weekends ago and realized immediately after checking in that we had made a mistake. The location is great, but the hotel is FILTHY. Our room had nasty, old furniture complete with an uncomfortable, old mattress with cigarette burns on the sheets and all sorts of stains (unknown and disgusting) on the comforter. We cancelled our reservation and left immediately and stayed at the Westin (which was wonderful). I have always used Tripadvisor and usually rely in its reviews. I'm convinced hotel staff and/or management are writing fake reviews because this hotel does not deserve the positive reviews it receives. Do yourself a favor and don't make the mistake that we did - STAY AWAY FROM PLACE D' ARMES!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>sukiro
<Content>Great hotel, great location. I just got home last night from a 6-night stay at Place D'Armes. I picked this hotel mainly because of the reviews here on tripadvisor and I would definitely stay here again. The location is perfect, you are in the middle of the French Quarter, steps away from Jackson Square, Cafe Du Monde and the French Market or head in the opposite direction and you're at Royal or Bourbon Streets.I was in room 301, which overlooks St. Ann St. and has a big, private balcony. When I was awakened at 4:30 am on the first morning, by the garbage trucks on St. Ann, I seriously considered trying to change rooms (garbage pickup is most mornings at this time). But I'm glad I stayed because I got to watch two Mardi Gras parades walk down St. Ann St., right by my balcony as well as people watch and enjoy music from the quarter while sitting outside. The courtyard rooms might be quieter but I don't think they would be nearly as entertaining.A few notes/observations:Hotel - beautiful, old, interesting inside and out. Room - loved it - good size, everything worked and was clean enough, bed was comfortable, balcony was great! Staff - all were good, some were great. Breakfast - well, it's free. ;-}Transportation from airport - hotel - airport.I took the shuttle from the airport to the hotel. It was $15 one way and the van carried 10 people. There are 2 lines - one for the French Quarter and one for the CBD - make sure you wait in the right line. It's easy to spot the booth where you buy your ticket - very close to where you pick up your luggage.I took a taxi from the hotel to the airport. It was $28 + $1 (plus tip). I was lucky to get a great driver who told me his personal experiences with Mardi Gras, Katrina, etc.Tours I did - French Quarter/History tour - Free from the National Park Services. Meet at the Jean Lafitte Visitor Centre at 419 Decatur St. They give out 25 passes, starting at 9:00 for the 9:30 tour so try to get there by 9 at the latest. The tour is interesting and covers a lot of history of the Mississippi Delta, New Orleans and the French Quarter - it was good but we didn't explore as much of the FQ as I had hoped to.Cemetery/Voodoo tour by Historic New Orleans Tours. $15 There were only 3 of us on this tour (I think the tour goes no matter how many people show up). The small group was great because Greg, our tour guide, was able to give us a more personalized tour and answer all of our questions - whether they related to the tour or not.Streetcars - I bought a 1-day transit pass for $5 and used it to ride all three streetcar lines from end to end. You get to see some very different parts of town this way and the streetcars are wonderful.Other info - Visitor information Office - St. Ann St., Jackson SquarePost Office - N. Peters St. - close to Iberville St.Riverwalk - mall on the riverfront - lots of touristy shops. Food court is on the third floor and it's a good place to grab something to eat or drink and watch what's happening on the Mississippi - you can go outside. There is also a Cafe Du Monde here so you can try those famous beignets - warning - you are going to get that icing sugar all over you!Canal Place - higher end shopping mall.Harrah's - too loud, too hot, too smoky.Quick takeaway food places - Central Grocery - 923 Decatur St. I went here the first day to get one of their muffulettas. I ordered HALF of one and ate half there and took the other half home for dinner. Delicious!Verti Marte - 1201 Royal St. Tiny store with a lot of great takeaway choices for snacks or meals.Rouse's Market - 701 Royal St. Small grocery store with all the basics.Two restaurants I tried and liked were Cafe Maspero - 601 Decatur St. and Cafe Pontalba 546 St. Peter St./Jackson Square. Both had good food and a relaxed, friendly atmosphere.My favourite street was Royal Street. It is filled with art and antique shops, cafes, musicians and street performers. Favourite places to just stop and sit for a while - Jackson Square, there is always something to listen to or look at here. I also liked to go down to the river and sit on one of the benches. The Moon Walk along the riverfront is a nice way to get to different places like Riverwalk, the Aquarium, Imax theatre, etc. instead of walking through town.This was my first trip to New Orleans and it is going to take me a few weeks to digest and process everything I saw, heard and experienced. I went on my own and wouldn't hesitate to tell anyone that they should experience this city at least once. I didn't do a lot of the typical things like nights on Bourbon Street or dining at the more famous restaurants or take a lot of tours. My plan was to see New Orleans and absorb the atmosphere of this city in a way that worked for me. It's such a unique city, full of contrasts, I'm glad I finally got to experience NOLA for myself.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JetsetTX
<Content>Another enjoyable stay I just stayed here with a friend last weekend. This was my second stay at this hotel but will not be my last. We arrived back in New Orleans from a 5 day cruise early Thursday morning and took a cab to the hotel. It was probably around 10 AM and because check-in is at 4 our rooms were not ready. We were advised to return around 2 or 2:30. We left our bags with the bellhop, who locked them up for us and we walked around the Quarter, the Casino, and the Riverwalk mall. We got back around the time they advised but the rooms were not ready yet so we went back out. When we returned our friends from Tampa had arrived and our room was ready but theirs was not yet so we all went to our room and shortly after that their room was ready. I don't fault the hotel for this because we were early and apparently they were fully booked so it was fine.The front desk personnel have always been friendly and helpful and this stay was no exception. The courtyard is very nice, but this being winter it did not get much use, at least from us. We had booked interior rooms, which do not have a window, because we don't spend much time in the room anyway so a view is not necessary. It might be a problem if you are claustrophobic but it was fine. The rooms are very clean, sorry forgot to take pictures, though ours had a tiny bit of a musty odor when we arrived but it either went away the next day or I got used to it, it wasn't that noticeable anyway. The bathroom was very clean as well, I always look their first, because if the bathroom is clean you know the room is taken care of.The location of the hotel is perfect, especially if you plan to head to the gay bars, as the main ones in the quarter are a block and a half away. It's a perfect location though for sightseeing and just enjoying the ambiance of the Quarter. It's just a few blocks from St. Louis Cathedral, the French Market, and Cafe Du Monde. The location really can't be beat.I did not realize the hotel was haunted until my friend sent me an email with some reviews from here as well as another site which explained the story behind it's haunting. I was glad to read that the ghosts are not mischievous or mean but mostly children who perished in a fire when the location was a school. I believe we might have encounter at least one of the children in our room. We didn't see or hear anything, but my cell phone which I turned off while I was charging it, inexplicably turned on. I turned it off again and about five minutes later it came back on. Once again I turned it off and again it turned back on. I left it on and it started making a beeping noise as if I were plugging it in or unplugging it. That part may be because the outlets at the hotel were a little loose so that may have an explanation but after I kindly asked them to stop playing so my phone could charge that stopped as well. And when I turned the phone off it did not come back on. So, I believe one or more of the children were playing with my phone. I thought I would be scared, but it was actually amusing. By the way, someone here mentioned flickering lights that they thought was a ghost but when they tightened the bulbs it stopped,, we were looking for this to happen so we might get a laugh out of it and as we were waiting to be checked in we noticed a flickering light in the lobby and my friend went up to it and in fact the bulb was loose so he tightened it. We did get a kick out of that.The TV picture was a little off as far as the color goes but there were a lot of channels and we didn't go to New Orleans to watch TV anyway.Overall a very enjoyable stay and we'll definitely be back. I recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>oops89
<Content>Awesome stay at the Place d'Armes We stayed here in early December and had a great time. This was our second time staying at this hotel and we just love it. It is typical old school French Quarter. The back courtyards are great and secluded. We could sit outside late at night and just enjoy our surroundings. The front desk staff were great. When we had an issue with our hot water, they worked hard to fix it, and actually gave us a free night off of our bill because we were inconvenienced. They also were helpful in printing out some friends boarding passes prior to departure. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GracieLakeshore
<Content>Nice French Quarter Hotel Loved the hotel.great location ,quiet and good staff .Just what we needed.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FrenchQuarterFan_8
<Content>Repeat Guests at the Place d'Armes In less than two weeks my wife and I will be staying at the Place d'Armes for Mardi Gras. This will be our 4th Mardi Gras at this hotel, and I can't imagine staying anywhere else. Two main reasons we love the Place d'Armes. Location and charm. You can't beat the location! Close to Bourbon, close to Jackson Square, close to Decatur St.... perfect! And the hotel is charming. A 180 from your cut and paste chain hotels. Lovely court yard, a public balcony (it's off a side street), a pool, nicely decorated rooms that softly speak French Quarter.As for security, during Mardi Gras wristbands are required for all guests (and photo ID to get them when checking in). And there is a security guard stationed either at the main entrance or the lobby 24/7 (during MG). You can not enter the hotel without going through the main entrance/lobby. We feel safe.One word of caution when booking a room: The hotel does have the option of booking an interior room -- meaning rooms with no windows -- at a reduced room rate. One side of the room will be constructed of 200 year old bricks (or looks like it anyway!) You won't be booked in an interior room unless you ask for one, from what I've seen.Overall I highly recommend the Place d'Armes.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mjd232323
<Content>Never in your life We stayed there during the National Championship game a few weeks ago. Personally, I would never stay there again. First of all there is absolutely no security within the complex. You must walk thru the lobby and the desk person never asks to see your room key, which is actually just a key. This is an issue because the hotel is next door to Jackson Square. While definitely convenient there is a lot of foot traffic walking around. Also, the rooms do not have the electronic keys. This is a major issue especially if you had kids. I would never put my kids into that situation. The doors are hollow and anyone could break into the room at anytime. There aren't even safes in the rooms. In fact we did have someone break into our room and steal our tickets. When confronted the desk they were extremely rude and had total disregard for our situation. They even questioned whether we had tickets. A week or so went by and we discussed the situation with the GM; he questioned whether we had tickets as well. I told him I would provide him the receipt and he said I need a lawyer and hung up the phone. During the whole time, never once did the hotel even offer a small token of understanding, never offered to compensate us even a $1 for our troubles, nor said sorry. You definitely get what you pay for at Place D'Armes. Terrible service, terrible manners, poor leadership and awful consideration for security and the guests well being. If you decide to stay here during peak times like Jazzfest or Mardi Gras, I would put your expectations in the toilet now and assume something will get stolen. In the end pay the extra dollars to stay someplace where safety really matters.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>GeorgiaRihanna
<Content>hated it i stayed at the place for the lsu game let me tell you i will not stay there anymore the room was nice but the service was horrible the bellman were a gem  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>trenchie86
<Content>Wonderful Stay, Location, Atmosphere, Service...       This is only half of our King bed Courtyard room (211.)  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mom2five69
<Content>Loved This Place I booked a room after reading all of the great reviews on Tripadvisor, I booked a room for $58 a night (believe it or not) for the Friday nite before the big BCS game. Allthough we weren't there for the game, we were there for the Willie Nelson concert at the House of Blues. This hotel was just as sweet as ever, no trouble valet parking, front desk very pleasant, in walking distance to everywhere you want to go, clean, great views from the balcony, comfy beds, and nice breakfast!! I have nothing bad to say about this little gem, of course it's not a big time hotel chain with all the bells  whistles but if you're looking for a clean, comfy, priced right, Old New Orleans feel hotel, this is the place for you. We live just an hour away from N.O. but we will surely be returning for many weekend getaways and staying at the Place d' Armes!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>expeditionaryman
<Content>Best in NOLA I spent many hours on tripadvisor before my first trip to NOLA in summer of 07 trying to find the perfect hotel. I ended up being swayed into booking at Place d'Armes, though I was nervous about the occasional bad review. My review: perfecto. We loved it. Thoroughly charming. Helpful staff. Clean rooms. Could not have asked for more. My belief - the key is to make sure you don't get one of those no-window rooms. If you avoid that, your stay is going to be great.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TXtravelbug27
<Content>Charming hotel, Perfect location! This hotel is truly a gem. I've stayed here 3 times, and I've also stayed in 3 other New Orleans hotels. This hotel is hands down my favorite. Here are the top two reasons you should stay here:(1) Location! You could not ask for a better location. Just off Jackson Square, two blocks from Bourbon and Pat O'Briens, a block from Decateur and Cafe Du Monde, absolutely the best hotel location in the French Quarter.(2) This hotel is unique and gives guests a totally different experience than the average chain. Most of the rooms are decorated differently, and many used to be apartments so many are laid out completely differently from others. No cookie cutter rooms here! There are also two wonderful courtyards all guests can enjoy, a nice (but small) pool, and some rooms even have rod iron balconies overlooking St. Ann and Chartres streets.All that said, please keep in mind that this is not a four star hotel. This hotel is not for the super-picky who will write off a hotel completely for lousy water pressure, an ink stain on a chair, or for the maid failing to replace their empty box of tissues. This hotel has its quirks, but if you can enjoy a unique experience and the best location in the quarter, then book it!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>yankeefan911
<Content>Wonderful Stay............... Have been to New Orleans many times but first time stay at Place D'Armes. Loved it!! Met by Lyn at check in and she could not have been nicer. Beautiful court yard, a little bit of trouble finding the room but it was gorgeous walking around. I would say if you are tired/lots of bags get someone to help you to your room (we had declined). Great balcony overlooking chartres st. and the view was great. Also , the hotel has a fantastic central location in the FQ.....easy walk to wherever you are going. Definitely recommend the hotel to first timers/repeat visitors to nola!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>danconia
<Content>Enjoyed our one-night stay I had not been to the French Quarter as an adult, and I usually stay at the chains, but I read up on this hotel, and rolled the dice. My adult daughter and I were glad we did. The hotel was cozy, smaller but very well-appointed. We were welcomed by Lyn and helped by her and others of the friendly staff. She recommended a wonderful restaurant nearby. Our visit was during an ordinary part of the year, so the area was quiet. It was unseasonably warm, so guests were enjoying the outdoor garden. The pool was open and looked inviting, though it was way too cold to enjoy. We got a great deal on the room since it was a weeknight. Prices are higher on the weekend because the hotel is very close to Bourbon Street. If you can get this hotel for less than $80, go for it!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jjmarkp
<Content>Great Location, Nice Courtyard, Large Room I stayed 12/7 -12/10. The room was large, clean, and quiet. The location is perfect, just off Jackson Sq. The front desk staff were polite and helpful. The courtyard is beautiful and relaxing. The only negative is that we went without hot water on and off for about about two days. The desk gave us another room to shower in. In fact, I was tempted to write a horrible review of the service because they wouldn't grant us a late checkout on top of the water problems. But, the desk clerk made it right by calling back to apologize for the incovenience and granting our request. It was a small gesture that turned a potentially bad experience into a good one. Nice job front desk! I would stay there again....but, would make sure I had a room w/ hot water. BTW, I showered in one of the rooms w/o windows. They are gloomy but nicely decorated. I suggest you request a room w/ windows unless you like a really dark place to sleep!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>magicmardi
<Content>Quintessential Frenchquarter Hotel If you are looking for a hotel with all the charms and delights of The Frenchquarter, this is the hotel for you! An older but clean hotel with all the character and courtyard ambience in a very good location. All the employees, from the front desk to the housekeeping staff are wonderfully helpful people always willing to make your stay a memorable one.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>William0070
<Content>I will be back soon! I travel to New Orleans many times throughout the year for business, and so I try to frequent different hotels throughout the city. The search for me is now over. The Place D'Armes in located right next to the St Louis cathedral and within a very quick walk to some of the best restaurants in NOLA. The rooms are private, and you have your own balcony overlooking their wonderful private courtyards, pool, fountains, etc. It is a very secure facility with parking next door. The rate is very reasonable for the French Quarter (mine was 79 plus 22 for parking). It is close enough to Bourbon St to walk, but far enough away so that the noise is not filtering into your room at 4 AM. I can not wait to return! The news networks would have you believe that New Orleans is on their last legs and still struggling to survive after Katrina, and while I am sure that there are instances, the city as a whole IS BACK, and just as great as I remembered it before the hurricane!! Thanks to the staff for making my stay so wonderful, and I will see you again in February for Mardi Gras!John  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccrosta57
<Content>Nothing but great! Just returned from an awesome trip to New Orleans. After reading many many reviews on TripAdvisor about Place D'Armes Hotel we decided to try out this classic spooky hotel!Let me tell you - we were nothing but pleased! I used the AAA discount on a Deluxe room which gave me great rates. We checked in a little early and there were no problems. I asked if our room had a balcony and they said no, not all Deluxe rooms had balconies. But right away she started looking for a Deluxe room with a balcony and one was available!! Room 302 - street balcony and great room with King Size bed. So be sure to ask for a balcony at the front desk if you reserve a Deluxe room. The room itself was clean as well as the bathroom. No complaints there! Being in our mid-20s, the location of Place D'Armes was perfect!! You walk left 2 blocks from the hotel and you're at Jackson Square, you walk right 2 blocks right from the hotel and you're on Bourbon Street. A great location for 2 different atmospheres. Jackson Square - the cathedral and area around it is beautiful plus the river view is soo nice. Bourbon Street - lots of action, music, people, drinks, and fun!YOU MUST GO TO THE FUNKY PIRATE ON BOURBON STREET. GO SEE BIG AL CARSON AND THE BLUES MASTERS!!! What a show Big Al puts on...he was great! Both a great blues singer and a comedian!We did a swamp tour on an airboat with Louisana Tours Co. It was great! Saw lots of aligators and had some nice time cruising on the air boat.Went to the Saints Game on Sunday vs Bucs - scalped tickets on the walk over and had no problems. Seats were great and the Superdome was fun  clean!!We used the Airport Shuttle to and from the airport. It seemed the cheapest and it really wasn't all that bad. If you are in a rush - I don't suggest taking it.My first time to New Orleans and I plan on going back many times. I didn't see any aftermath of Katrina. New Orleans is definitely a great city to visit! The people are soo nice and are soo happy you're visiting the city. Go there soon!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pman94
<Content>Great Location I could not believe that we found a place to stay with such a superb location for the price we paid. I know NOLA well and this is the best spot for central sightseeing that there is. Yes the room was slightly musty but overall the service and location beat the high price Bourbon St hotels.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pebblelake
<Content>Perfect location       Bourbon St - quiet night  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sphynxella
<Content>Make sure you request room 208! The Place D'Armes is one of the most gorgeous places in the Quarter - but make sure you request room 208 - it's huge, and has a fabulous view of the courtyard/pool . . . . make sure that while you stay there you walk next door and have dinner at Muriel's - makes for a romantic weekend . . . . and total shout out to Frank the night manager - he's a doll! : )  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lporle
<Content>Perfect NOLA Hotel My husband suprised me with a New Orleans get away for our first anniversary. Though we live only an hour from the city we wanted to stay there and experience it like the tourists do. When we arrived we were greeted with friendly staff that helped check us in with no problems. The room was perfect! When you think of New Orleans this is exactly what I would picture a French Quarter hotel to look like. It has an old school Southern charm to it. Not only was it clean and cozy it's in the perfect location. Seated off of St. Ann and only a couple of blocks away from Cafe Du Monde on Decatur or the opposite way to Bourbon St. We had a great time and would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be close to the hustle and bustle of the best city in the world.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Magnaflyer
<Content>Location Location My girlfriend and I had been to New Orleans in March 0f 2005, five months prior to Katrina. I was attending a conference and we stayed in the business district, but of course crossed Canal Street in the evenings for food and drink. She especially had a wonderful time. When we had to attend a family wedding in Houston a few weeks ago, we decided to take some extra time and return to New Orleans and stay somewhere in the French Quarter.In part, it was reading reviews on Trip Advisor that led us to the Place d'Armes. The attraction was the 18th century building with its history, charm and 'haunting.' We stayed in a balcony room on the second floor, #211. I'm sorry to report to Rachel Pink (see review below) that the second floor rooms also carry a musty smell. We kind of noticed it when we would first come into the room, but you get used to it quickly and its not a big deal.My girlfriend was hoping to have some super natural encounter, so when the chandelier would cut in and out in the evening she was delighted. However, tightening a few light bulbs apparently caused the ghost to leave us alone after that.I have to agree with others that the hotel in general is in need of some maintenance. The balcony and other exterior walls needed paint badly. In fact, the balcony floor had small particles of chipped paint that had fallen off. The room itself was adequate.All in all, our stay was enjoyable. The location is great with respect to all the French Quarter has to offer. The brick structure and oldness of the place are interesting, but no ghosts or strange noises. Not even on Halloween night!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>rachelpink
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Atmosphere       A small section of the courtyard.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>NYC123456
<Content>Courtyard View?       Courtyard View??  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Tuscan007
<Content>perfect spot to enjoy the French Quarter This hotel was wonderful. It is in the French Quarter right at Jackson Square and beside St Louis Cathedral. It has a great setup with the inner court yard and a pool. we found it very clean and the staff friendly. They were able to make tour arrangements and even go on-line to confirm plane reservations. The rooms we saw were quite large, and ours looked out onto the street but was still quiet. Some of the rooms are windowless, which is great for sleeping in, but not to my taste. Continental breakfast had fresh croissants and buns. New Orleans is still hurting from Katrina, but with in the Quarter there was almost no sign of the damage. The sign we saw was in the conversations with the locals who all had their own personal stories of horror and destruction. They are trying hard to overcome the past, and seem to be doing a great job of it. Touism is down, so in fact there are lots of good travel deals which make this asuperb time to travel to this historical city  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paperclip1951
<Content>Not a Ghost in Sight!       View from the balcony of room 223  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>David_and_Allison
<Content>Location great, courtyard fantastic, room okay If you want to be in the heart of the historic French Quarter, there is no way to improve on the location of this hotel. Just check a Google map and you'll see what I mean.The courtyard is also a lovely example of a historic French Quarter staple. This is the real thing, folks, not some Disneyesque approximation. The hotel has two courtyards. The larger one has a pool, but both are beautiful and relaxing. You can't leave the hotel without walking past the pool, so don't feel as though you have to ask for a pool view.The hotel comprises several old buildings around two small courtyards. From the reviews I've read here, I get the feeling that the rooms themselves are hit-or-miss. Even though I booked months in advance, I was given a first floor room that, while clean, was a little worn down. It looked like it had last been remodeled in the '60's or '70's. Water pressure and temperature were fine. Biggest disappointment: the exposed brick wall was painted brick, which really diminished the charm of staying in an historic property. If I ran the hotel I would refurbish the rooms and increase the rates to recoup the costs. If I were staying at the hotel again I'd ask to see other available rooms before accepting one.I would not be afraid to stay at the hotel again. Parking, at $22 a night is a decent deal for the Quarter, and I do believe the staff is trying to provide a good experience.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>riishthrush
<Content>Would stay again, but beware of mold! Do not stay in a lower level room especially room 108 near the pool/courtyard! Horrible mold smell/problem. We had to move to the 4th level to a room with no courtyard view, but not being around the mold was worth not having a view of the courtyard if you can image that. The manager was only able to credit us $20 a night, which was more then if we would have booked a 4th level room with no view prior. Great Location. Beautiful grounds. The room we ended up staying in was decent. Would stay again because of the location and price, but I would check the from 1st before paying.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>buck9
<Content>Ah, New Orleans Ah, New OrleansNew Orleans is back baby ! The staff and rooms at the Place De Armes are great. Location is super......Great cental spot for all of your French Quarter activies. Kudos to the managment.Basinger family.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Dothan45
<Content>Loved the Place d'Armes Hotel We just got back from staying three days at the Place d'Armes Hotel and everything was wonderful. The hotel is just like, if not better, than before Katrina. We go to New Orleans every year and always stay at this hotel if there is availability. The rooms are alway nice and clean and the courtyards are beautiful. The continental breakfast is delicious. We will stay here again and again.The Basingers from Georgia  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poppoprichmondky
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else My friend and I just spent four days at the Place d'Armes in NOLA. This is not the first time I've stayed there (as a matter of fact, its about th 7th or 8th time), but it was the first time for my friend. I kept telling her that this hotel is unlike any other she's ever stayed in. The Place d'Armes lived up to my bragging. She couldn't stop exclaiming over the place.If you are looking for a hotel with ballrooms, restaurants, a spa, an olympic size pool and mini-bars, then this is not for you. But, if you are looking for the most convenient, friendly, New Orleansly hotel, then stay here. Living in this hotel is what it must of been like over a hundred years ago when the wealthy families lived in the French Quarter and did their living within the interior courtyard of their home. The only differences are that the rooms are air conditioned, 70+ TV stations, electricity and in-door plumbing. The hotel, while keeping the charm of old new orleans is thoroughly modern with almost every room being a little different from any other. I always ask for a patio room either on or overlooking the interior foliage filled patio and swimming pool. The atmosphere and character are old New Orleans and the staff is so helpful and friendly that when you get back to the hotel, you just want to sit in the small, intimate lobby and talk with them. Convenient? Less than 50 yards from Jackson Square and the St. Louis Basilica. Less than a block and a half from the Cafe du Monde and the Mississippi River Levee. Half a block from the art galleries on Rue Royal and a block and a half from Bourbon Street. Yet, no noise filters down to the hotel. When you are in the interior courtyard, you don't hear much at all.One of the best facilities is the indoor, valet parking. The attendant takes your car up on the elevator and brings it down whenever you need it. Both the bell staff and front desk staff act as consierge and happily make any arrangements you need made; whether it be a jazz cruise on the Steampboat Nachez, a restaurant reservation, or even an airboat road down in the bayous. (See if you can get Felix to handle your airboat)While they do serve complimentary juice, coffee, sweet rolls and croissants, I always go for a walk/run (emphasize walk) on the levee and then stop at the Cafe du Monde for Cafe au Lait and bignets. In the same building is Muriel's restaurant if you don't want to go far for lunch or dinner. Less then 100 yards down St. Ann St. is the River's Edge restaurant which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. And only a 10 minute walk on Decatur is Central Grocery, home of the mufalatta. Just get there early before they run out.I hesitate to write this review because i am afraid that the Place d'Armes will get too popular and I won't be able to get a reservation in the two or three rooms I like the best. The other thing is the price. It is very, very reasonable for New Orleans. Sunday through Thursday I have gotten prices as low as $79/night. On weekends or during special events the prices do go up, but usually less than the name brand hotels.If you'd like to contact me with questions or you'd like more information, I would be glad to hear from you atd.silver@roadrunner.com  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>divjam
<Content>Great geographic location but lots to be desired... My wife and I stayed at the Place D'Armes for $116 a night (AAA discount) in September 2007. Check-in went smoothly. The hotel is 1/2 block from Jackson Square, which was great. We stayed in room 321, which faced the noisy side street. Not noisy because of cars, but noisy because of the people drinking to all hours of the morning on the patios opposite the hotel. Inner court yard was very nice.Pool was fine, minus the 3 large tiles missing from the upper side.ROOM: The room was clean. One issue is one of the windows was level with the public patio that faced the side street. If you are concerned about people being able to see in from the patio, you had to keep the window closed, which made for a dark room.BATHROOM: Dated, but clean. BED: The queen size bed must have been at least 20 years old as it was EXTREMELY soft. If you have any type of back problems or desire hard beds, do not stay at this hotel! I am guessing all the other beds are similar to the one we had.WALLS: The walls of the hotel were paper thin; I swear there was no insulation in the walls! You could hear everything/everyone outside of your room . Not nice when it is 4:30AM and your across the hall neighbor is cursing because he lost his cell phone, nor when all the true drunkards come home after 4:30AM either. Or when you want to sleep past 8:00AM and there are people who are going out onto the balcony!CHECK OUT: It went smooth. However, if you expect to be able to print your boarding passes, do not stay here. Receptionist-Oh, I don't have access to the Internet. Me-I saw a computer in the manager's office, can't I use that? Receptionist- The manager is at lunch, you can't use it and you can't print your boarding passes. What hotel doesn't offer a complimentary computer where you can at least print out your boarding pass or at least print it out for you? The taxi for the hotel, which the hotel scheduled, was on time. I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a decent nights sleep and a hard bed!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	-1	1	

<Author>Kawaller
<Content>My favorite French Quarter hotel This was our third stay in New Orleans and our second in the French Quarter. We had previously stayed at the Prince Conti 4 years ago and enjoyed it so we thought to try the sister hotel Place d'Armes for the Jackson Square location and the beautiful enclosed courtyard. Our room #225 was facing the back courtyard and was very quiet and peaceful. The many tables and chairs in the lush courtyard gifted us with some of the most tranquil leisure in our stay. My wife and I were here 3 days for our 20th anniversary and we were within easy walking distance to some of the very finest restaurants in the Quarter. The front desk provided excellent consierge service in booking the tours we wanted. The hotels and restaurants of the Quarter are leading the charge for the recovery of the rest of the area. We will return.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeachBrevard
<Content>Ideal Place to Stay This charming courtyard hotel is right off the French Quarter. Entrance is through 1 small lobby so you feel very safe. Everyone working there was friendly, the rooms were clean, the pool and courtyard area were a sheltered oasis, and it was very affordable. We were there a day before the 2nd anniversary of Katrina. I would recommend taking one of the 'disaster' tours that head into other parts of New Orleans and make it clear this is a city much in need of help. However, the French Quarter has recovered. Restaurants and bars are open and the crowds are less intense.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Raethetraveler
<Content>I adore the haunted hotel I go to new orleans often, and have stayed in over 15 hotels in the french quarter. This hotel is the best as far as location and feel for the history of the veux carre. This hotel is only one block from cafe dumonde, 1/4 block from Jackson Square and one of my favorite new orleans restaurants, the alpine (on the corner of chartes, at jackson square). The staff is kind, the hotel is always clean and after my 3rd stay at this hotel, the staff is mostly the same which I think says a lot for how the hotel is managed. I highly recommend it. If you are a person that cares more about fine bedding and ultra new bathrooms, you will be disappointed. Oh, and if your into ghosts stories... ask the staff about the boys that playfully haunt the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hmich45
<Content>Great place - Stayed 2 nights..great Place .clean and very personalNew Orleans is not what the news claims to be ...come one come all. great place ..French Quarters where never touched by the Floods..took at tour and looks like New Orleans was agreat place to vacation  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msmegmog
<Content>Loved it - beautiful hotel       Hotel Courtyard  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>360DegreesStLouis
<Content>Great Hotel! The Quarter is back! I have been coming back to the French Quarter since 6 months after Katrina. With each trip I am impressed with how much better the town looks and how upbeat the people are. I'm not sure I could handle half of what these people and this town have gone through the last few years. If you haven't been back, you really need to go! I stay at the Place d armes at 625 St. Ann street when I go. The hotel is perfectly located, very clean and the employees are great. Most lost everything in the hurricane, but when you arrive they make you feel like you are their only concern. Now go on and get back down there, they need your support.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dejesusscott
<Content>Place d'Armes My wife an I stayed at Place d'Armes Hotel from @23AUG07 to @26AUG07. But, our stay was so great that we stayed for one extra night.  The people in New Orleans are fantastic. Plus the ambience of the city is great for food , drinks , shopping. There is a lot to see in New Orleans, even tho some parts of the city itself looks bad. But, it will take time to get back on its feet. But, I still recommend for ev'rybody to visit New Orleans once in ther lifetime. For mi its like a second home. I'll be back next year an the one after that. Going to Place d'Armes Hotel feel like family an so helpful. Thank you.  Jr. Santana-DeJesus.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrugalTraveler50
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway       The view from the balcony  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Globalkiwi
<Content>Central and Classy My boyfriend and I have just returned from a six week tour around the USA. New Orleans was the last stop on our tour (I had been there last year and HAD to go back I loved it so much), and we had an absolute BLAST - thanks in part to our gorgeous hotel. The Place d'Armes Hotel was cheap in comparison to most of the hotels in its vacinity so I was a little apprehensive. When we arrived I realised there was no need to worry, it was perfect. The rooms surround a cute garden courtyard with a small swimming pool in the centre. Some rooms have balconys and some have views... ours had neither (I chose the cheapest), but it didn't need it. Our king room had a large lounge area with fold out bed sofa, large TV, and lots of mirrors giving it light. We walked through to the bedroom area which was furnished with a king bed (very romantic with iron look headboard) and cute side tables. The bathroom was large and clean with a clean bath (very difficult to come across from our experience). We were two blocks from Bourbon Street (five blocks from our favorite club 'The Dungeon') and a few blocks from the mighty Mississippi River. We WILL be staying here next time we go to my beloved New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Vacationeeder
<Content>Great Hotel After many searches found this hotel and glad we did. Very nice, clean hotel. Very close to all attractions, within walking distance to everything. Will definetely stay there again. Can't wait to go back. Staff is very friendly and kind.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>FireyIrie
<Content>Place d'Armes Hotel-Loved It! Very lovely place, friendly staff and beautiful courtyard. This hotel is in an excellent location; close to all French Quarter attractions. Charming New Orleans style rooms. Quiet and great for couples or honeymooners! Romantic poolside evenings. Very nice hotel to stay in if you want to be in walking distance to great shopping, entertainment and restaurants. We will be back and will stay longer!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelwise55
<Content>Hotel room bad       small room  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	5	-1	3	1	3	

<Author>pgca
<Content>Place d'Armes is great!       View of courtyard  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Safariguyphotog
<Content>The Big Easy is Back Bigtime! What a stay! The rooms were magnificant, I strongly recommend the upgrade to the deluxe courtyard view it was worth all and more.The staff was some of the friendliest I've seen in a long time. They directed us to good restaurants and a great evening tour. The hotel was immaculate. The breakfast looked great, but to be truthful didn't try it because did the Cafe du Monde thing. A/C worked great, which lately is a big thing for me because most rooms are hot - not there though. We had a very large suite, couch, coffe table, floor to ceiling windows. They have a great pool and super romantic courtyard.One of the few places in French Quarter with thier own parking which is cool, made getting into and out of hotel better.Alot of my friends warned me against going to New Orleans, but things are clicking there, the cool stores were open, the restuarants were back. Try Arnauds it was great. Lots of music on Bourbon street... very very safe, prices have come way down, and it was an inexpensive but great trip.We had such a great time we are probably going back in October. Another good thing - the huge crowds are gone. That was great for us, probably not great for NO though. But it was nice. I had no idea how much I really missed it. It seemed safer to me now than pre Kat. Place d'arms is great right on the square, best location, old 1700's or 1800 building, the real thing, all updated, but still has it's great courtyard which is important to us. Very clean, very well run, the staff very nice (I know I said that already, but they were great :) )  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>golden-gos
<Content>Loved the Place d'ArmS and the service We went to New Orleans and decided to stay the night on a whim. We stopped at the welcome center and the lady at the desk let us know about a special deal at the french market hotels going on. We called the Place d'ArmeS and got a great room . Nate and Dion went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of and had everything we needed. They let us know about special trips and sight seeing events. They made us feel like we have a home away from home. The other employees also were helpful and made us welcome.  C and J G  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rubyDayton_Ohio
<Content>Charming Old New Orleans Feel My sister and I stayed here in a lovely two bed room with a charming little verandah overlooking the courtyard. The feel in this hotel is quaint and more like the French Quarter of old. The breakfast was nice and served in a lovely room with very interesting floor inlays. The courtyard was lush and exactly the look and feel of a more genteel time. The room had brick walls which gave it a great atmosphere. The location on Jackson Square is wonderful,near everything. The staff was knowledgable and helpful. I am going to book this hotel again next year.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wolfpack3
<Content>Wonderful Weekend Getaway My husband and I stayed here for a romantic weekend get away. The room was great, the staff were friendly and the hotel location was excellent. If you're looking for something reasonably priced and is a short walking distant to Burbon Street, shopping and many restaurants and shops, this is the place to go! The front desk clerk and bell hop gave us excellent suggestions and directions to various attractions. We also felt very safe because of the inside corridors and gates on the courtyard. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plantcity5
<Content>A beautiful piece of New Orleans history! We just got back from a week's stay at the Place d'Armes hotel, located in the heart of New Orlean's French Quarter. We were immediately charmed by the old brick buildings, surrounding a simply gorgeous and tranquil courtyard. The rooms were quaint and comfortable and the staff was immensely helpful as this was our first visit to the French Quarter and weren't sure what to do first. We spent much of our afternoons relaxing by the pool in the lush courtyard. It was like a little slice of heaven to escape from the heat of the day in this quiet little hideaway.Again let me say that the staff was more than accomadating, they were very friendly and helpful and were more than happy to book tours for us or simply recommend a great place to eat.We can't wait to go back to New Orleans and we will DEFINITELY be staying at this beautiful hotel!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RaelNewOrleans
<Content>Loved the Place d'Armes Hotel My wife and I recently spent some time in the New Orleans French Quarter at the Place d'Armes Hotel on St. Anne St. We had a great stay. The Hotel was built in the late 1700's and was so cool. What I liked the most is that I did not have to drive anywhere. We parked in the Hotel Garage and either walked or took the trolley. I drive a lot at work and this was a really great perk for me. I didn't move my car til we left for home on the last day.  The rooms were not huge in size but the Historic atmosphere was different than your average modern Hotel. The price was unbievalble- Under $70/Night if during the week. Wow. I expected to pay much more for a room that was just a half block from Jackson Square in the Heart of the French Quarter. The Hotels are offering great deals right now to spark business in the French Quarter. It worked for me. We're planning on staying there again in a few Months.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cph58
<Content>a tired little hotel I read and read on Trip advisor about different hotels and decided to choose Place d'Armes. We were taking our grandchildren and since they had a pool and was in an excellent location I thought that this would be a great choice.Well, the first thing we noticed was the pool was horrible and I wouldn't let the childrent get in the whole time we were there(4 days). The next surprise was when we walked into our room and there was a wall unit air conditioner. O.K. That shouldn't be too bad but it was damp in the room. I will chalk that up to the very high humidity in N.O. There were some good things. Staff friendly, very quaint and a lovely courtyard. It does have on site parking but what they fail to say is once the car is parked you might as well forget you have one. You need to give a days notice that you will need it. The continental breakfast was coffee, O.J. and cinnamon roll or crossaint. One of my grandchildren only eats cereal so we went to the A and P grocery which was close, to get the cereal and to also buy the milk. They didn't even have milk. They would keep it in the refridgerator for us. I will say it was in a terrific location. That I wouldn't change for anything. But before you choose this hotel make sure the pool is clean if you would like to cool off. Hope that this will help someone the next time they go to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Podie
<Content>Great Location and Rooms I've wanted to stay here for 15 years and it didn't disappoint me in any way. The location, half a block from Jackson Square, is perfect, as was our room (#212) with a small balcony with table and chairs. Don't bother with the free breakfast - Cafe du Monde is only one block away!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tmuehleis
<Content>excellent as always!!! I've been staying at Place D'Armes for the past twenty + years and through all that New Orleans has seen  overcome, the hotel, staff  grounds are just as beautiful today as they were when I was a child. As always our room was excellent  very clean; the staff are overly accomidating and are like family to us. I couldnt recommend a better hotel in all of New Orleans! The city has really made every effort to come back to life since Katrina hit in August of 2005. The streets are clean, the locals are very welcoming  warm as always and the city seems to be back in full swing once again without skipping a beat.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keithbates
<Content>Like old home week. My wife and I have been staying at Place d'Armes about once a year, sometimes oftener, for over twenty years, and continue to love the beautiful grounds and the wonderful people who maintain it. This past trip was especially memorable because my wife died last year so my three daughters and I spent a long weekend to celebrate her birthday which was on July 8. She was a travel agent for over 25 years so has seen hotels all over the world...Place d'Armes was her favorite. Keith Bates  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CindyOrlando
<Content>Returning to many pleasant memories of the past I had a great weekend celebrating with my sisters and father the memories of my mother's favorite hotel in honor of her birthday. The rooms as always were charming. The service is impeccable. The French Quarter has been nicely cleaned up and restored after the hurricanes. All the people were very friendly and happy to see us return. It was nice to be among friends that we have known at Place D' Armes hotel for over the last 20 years. As always the location is great to Jackson Square, Bourbon Street, the Riverwalk and all the great restaurants and attractions are walking distance from the hotel. Enjoy your stay and we will return next year!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lumos
<Content>Great New Orleans Hotel We stayed at the Place D'Armes July 1, 2nd and 3rd with two adults and 3 children. We were given a nice sized balcony room, as requested. The staff was relatively polite and the hotel was pleasant to visit. We had a nice sized balcony, perfect for dinner outside. The hotel is old and not perfect but is far different and more unique than staying in a standard modern hotel. Everything was sufficiently clean although cleanliness could have been improved. Our room wasn't cleaned until 3 PM even though the maid service please sign was up since 8 AM. The courtyard was very nice and the swimming pool refreshing on a hot day. Breakfast was not impressive but not a big issue and not a reason to stay here or not stay here. (just mediocre croissants and less than mediocre cinnamon buns)It's in an ideal location in the French Quarter. The car wasn't needed at all. It's less than 1 minute walk to Bourbon St. and about 1 minute to Cafe Du'Monde. I would definitely stay here again ensuring I was able to stay in the same type of room.Oh, there were no rats or mice seen as reported in earlier reviews and nothing spooky about the hotel at night. It felt safe enough. There were no ghosts, either, not that there really could be as they only exist in our imaginations. It was fun watching the evening ghost tour stop under our balcony and listening to full-grown adults get spooked out by ghost stories. I considered coming out on the balcony in a bedsheet and moaning oooooohhooo! Maybe next time...  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>travioli
<Content>Place d'Armes-Not Recommended I stayed at the Place d'Armes for the July 4th holiday and it was very disappointing. The room was not the type of room we booked and the front desk was very non-chalant about it and would not change it. Parking is completely unsecure (your car is left with the windows down and key in ignition). The room we stayed in was not clean and had a mosquito problem--something I've not seen in a domestic hotel ever before. They use unfitted sheets that come undone and tangle throughout the night. In consideration of the rate, there are plenty of hotels in the quarter within $20-$40 of this hotel where you'd be much better served.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>J_Correa
<Content>Great hotel       Our balcony  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Christie1115
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Exemplary Service We stayed at the Place d'Armes Hotel for four nights and it was one of the most pleasant hotel experiences we've ever had. Everyone- from the parking attendant to the desk clerk to the breakfast hostess to the groundkeeper were friendly and extremely helpful. The room was beautiful, clean and very comfortable. I particularly enjoyed the quiet patios and gardens for morning coffee. As for New Orleans itself, I have never felt more safe visiting there and the city has lost none of it's appeal. We are looking forward to going back.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bratman
<Content>Greatest Experience Ever This was absolutely the most woderful hotel I've ever stayed at. I was impressed by not only the staff and service, but the hotel location and atmosphere as well. My room was located right across from the Cabildo with the Cathedral bells within earshot. Everyone at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful as far as my touristy questions. I thought the decor gave a great old quarter feel. The price was extremely decent for hotels in this area. I stayed on the third floor and had a balcony overlooking the street. I thought everything was beautiful. Just absolutely wonderful. I would recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Antonia_7
<Content>Great location, great price We paid an amazingly low price for an Interior room. Interior means no windows, but as we were out the whole time the only problem this caused was not knowing what the weather was like each morning until we went down for breakfast! We booked direct and got the room for v low price, when we arrived we couldn't believe how good the location is - 1 minute from Jackson Square/Tourist Office/Waterfront/Museums. Yes the room is a little tired  the breakfast of cinnamon swirls, croissants, T/C  juice is basic - but it's very useful! Free newspapers provided. Excellent air con in the rooms. Showers OK. Parking expensive $22/day, but same all over the city. Some minor noise from revellers in the hotel, but that's part of the charm of New Orleans. Would definitely stay here again. Regarding New Orleans in general - would highly recommend the Grayline Hurricane Katrina Tour, Preservation Hall (awesome brass band on Thursdays) and for good meals The Acme Oyster House (Brits won't believe the price of the oysters!), Fiorella's (we didn't get ill afterward contrary to other reviewers on here). Angeli's was overpriced. Girod's has closed down. The people of NO were very welcoming, please visit now, this helps them to rebuild. THere are lots of good online resources (inc for vouchers) especially cvb.com. We did daytrips out to Angola Prison Museum (fascinating)  McGees Landing (Henderson - for characterful swamp tours). Loved New Orleans, Place D'Armes met our needs, would love to go back. Don't rely on the Rough Guide USA's info - v out of date post-Katrina. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>paulinen
<Content>Loved it Just spent 6 nights at the Place D,armes with my husband and we both loved it. I can see why a few people commented on the cleaning of the rooms as all the light shades were covered in dust (not cleaned for a long time) and balcony was in bad need of repair but they are the only negative things I can say.Now for the good. We had a HUGE room with a hugh balcony, the bedding and carpets were always clean as was the bathroom. The shower pressure was fine. Every morning i went down to the breakfast room and got us some coffee, we sat on our balcony listening to the chimes of St. Louis Cathedral (that alone was worth the money). The courtyards are beautifull and so relaxing and staff are so helpful. We originally booked for 3 nights but stayed longer. If you want spotless forget it- if you want New Orleans charm, beautiful courtyards and a balcony this is the place for you. For the price we paid and the location this hotel is excellent, will definatley stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>GB42
<Content>Excellent , reasonable French Quarter accommodations Great location at edge of Jackson Square. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Can walk anywhere in the French Quarter from here. Parking in the building. Multiple courtyards with pool and fountain, very relaxing. Hadn't been back to New Orleans since Katrina and didn't know really what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. The Quarter, CBD and uptown are pretty much back to normal. Really enjoyed our stay and plan to return soon.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>arkywabbit
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans I have never been dissappointed while staying at the Place D Armes, and again it was a most rewarding stay. This is the only place we will stay in New Orleans, it's in the center of the French Quarter and t he rooms are always clean and comfortable. The employees are very friendly and courteous and are always willing to help an any way. The courtyard is remarkable and very well kept and the pool is large and always clean and sparkling. If you want to experience real southern hospitality, you need to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joaniekentucky
<Content>nice experience My stay at this hotel was very pleasant. The staff was very nice and helpful. I recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JCButterfly
<Content>Fantastic New Orleans Hospitality My best friend and I took a road trip from Wisconsin to New Orleans. When we arrived we were hot, tired and ready to settle in. We were greeted warmly by the garage attendant who flagged down a bellman for us. I was really happy to have such easy parking connected to the hotel and to know it was reasonably safe (staffed 24/7). Check in was a breeze but we were told our room would not be ready for a couple of hours (we arrived at noon). Our luggage was put in storage and off we went to explore the Quarter.We ended up at some sort of Italian restaurant, Mona Lisa I think, was quite tasty. Went back to the hotel and were able to check into our room. We had requested two beds and courtyard view. The room was great. It was on the second floor of a two story building and directly overlooked the courtyard, had a small balcony to enjoy and we never met our neighbors. The room was of average size, exposed brick, ceiling fans, lots of windows. It was very quaint to stay here. The bathroom was a bit small without a lot of counter space but we managed. Shower pressure was great.We were always hot in New Orleans but our air conditioner could more than keep up with our needs in addition to having ceiling fans. I loved the windows during the day time but I prefer a totally dark room at night and there was no way to achieve this as they are simple shades covering the windows. However, it was very quiet and private so that was a minor inconvenience.Our room was old, as the building itself is well over 100 years old but it was in good repair and always cleaned perfectly.The front desk people almost always greeted us when we left or returned and were full of good suggestions for dining or tours.We loved the location of the hotel. Lots of shopping and great eateries within a few steps in either direction. Would gladly recommend this property to others and would stay there again myself.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>apdva
<Content>Wonderful courtyard - nice room The best thing about this place is the courtyard. It's an awesome escape from the obnoxiousness of Bourbon street. Our room was fine - without the balcony though, I don't think I would have been so pleased. Didn't try the breakfast - couldn't find it and preferred to head to Cafe Du Monde anyway - which is incredibly close. The bathroom was the only thing really lacking. There was no real light in the bathroom - only this really weird red light - and no fan. I also did see a rather large bug in the bathroom - but that is to be expected in an old, tightly built neighborhood - so I don't fault the hotel for it. Fine hotel - not fancy, but if you want to sit outside at night and don't want Bourbon Street, this is the place....  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>greggykiwi
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were here in May for 4 nights and then returned a week later for another 4 nights. This is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The courtyard is a beautiful setting for the very yummy breakfast in the mornings and a perfect place to relax in the early evening and chat to other guests. The swimming pool as very refreshing after a day of walking. The location of this hotel is perfect. It is quiet but you are right by Jackson Square and a street back from Burbon Street. Easy to get home too if you overdo the drinking in the bars!!!We found the staff always friendly and willing to give advice and arrange tours away. They were also very helpful as i tried to locate my luggage that the airline had kindly left behind.We will return to New Orleans, as it is our favorite city and needs more visitors!! PLEASE VISIT and help get things going. Ignore alot of the lies said about the state of the city and go! Its as safe, clean, happy and colourful as it always was. And when we return you will definatley find us in the courtyard of the Place D'Armes.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cruisingqueen
<Content>Beautiful couryard, very good breakfast Nicely decorated very large room with king size bed, on the top floor of the main building. The only objection I had was that it was a courtyard room, so top price, but the view of the courtyard involved bending over and peering through the curtains, since the ceiling is slanted at eye level, due to the mansard roof line of the hotel. The breakfast was very good - coffee, orange juice, croissants or cinnamon coffee rolls, and the brekfast area very pleasant.. We especially recommend the coffee rolls. You can take your breakfast out into the lovely courtyard with flowering bushes and trees and a tinkling fountain - so pleasant. We tried the recommended Cafe du Monde one day, and neither the atmosphere (busy, dirty, noisy), nor the food matched up to the Place D'Armes.The hotel is idellly located right in the middle of the French Quarter, within wlaking distance of all FQ attractions  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>LaLaNorthwest
<Content>Beautiful authentic hotel I booked this hotel after lots of research and reading the reviews on this site. I called the hotel directly (you get a reservation line for 3 New Orleans hotels, all owned by the same company). I got a great rate with a AAA discount for a King deluxe room. It was $109 per night.My husband and I arrived at night. I was immediately charmed by this place. The garage attendant (there is a private garage) jumped right up and helped unload suitcases from the taxi and brought them into the lobby. The woman at the desk was funny and welcoming and put us right at ease after our long travel day. She assured us that we would love our room.We were in room 302, which overlooks St. Anne street with its own balcony. The room was spacious and clean with a king bed, armoire, table and chairs. The bath was small but very clean. One walls of the bedroom was exposed brick. There was also table and chairs on the balcony. The room was charming and comfortable.The bed was great and we got a good nights sleep. I woke early, grabbed cafe au lait and beignets at Cafe du Monde just a block away and sat on the balcony. There is a bit of morning noise each a.m. as people open stores and hose down sidewalks. But there is no nighttime noise or noise from other rooms. We never even heard the elevator, which was just across the hall.The courtyard is beautiful, lush with plantings. I didn't use the pool. It is small and I didn't see anyone use it. We did sit in the courtyard for breakfast one morning. The croissants, coffee, and juice are complimentary, but with Cafe du Monde and Croissant d'Or just blocks away, we usually got breakfast at one of those places and sat on our balcony to eat. We also got a muffaleta at Central Grocery (2 blocks away) and ate it on the balcony.The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was promptly cleaned every morning when we left for any amount of time. The front desk staff called cabs for us when we needed it and recommended places to eat.Muriel's restaurant is next to this hotel and is a wonderful place for a quiet meal.I can't wait to visit New Orleans again, and I will definitely stay here. I will ask for the same room!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>andyctree
<Content>Perfect I stayed here for Jazzfest in 2006, and had an amazing time. It was really nice staying in the French Quarter, and having a great courtyard you could finding sanctuary in from the busy streets. I was especially fond of the chocolate croissants for breakfast. I'll be coming back here everytime I go to New Orleans for now on.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gmcDelaware
<Content>Loved it! 9 of our party of 19 stayed here, and we loved it. The rooms are fine but probably nothing to write home about if you are used to resorts, but the ambience is pure Nawlins. The staff was very congenial and helpful, and the courtyard is magnificent. Our guest stayed in everything from small rooms with no windows to beautiful rooms overlooking the courtyard and no one had any complaints. The continental breakfast is ho hum but that's not why you should stay here. And the cost was so affordable!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>brooke8
<Content>love the place d'armes my family and i stayed at the place during jazz fest we had a wonderful time. our room was beautiful the staff was great ,and the housekeeping staff were very very helpful , i would reccomend this hotel anytime and anyplace. its is a must see.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>canuckstonola
<Content>This Hotel Exudes New Orleans Character and Charm If you are visiting New Orleans because it is one of the most charming and beautiful cities in North America and you wish to stay in a hotel that typifies this city's charm and character, you will LOVE this hotel.Our family of 4 had a courtyard room (#226) that was huge and beautifully furnished (including a wet bar and two very comfortable armoire chairs).They advertise these rooms as being their best and I now know why. It was very clean and there were absolutely no problems with noise or smell.The 2 courtyard areas are so inviting....they include a small pool and beautiful landscaping with two fountains and an abundance of wrought iron chairs and tables to relax in and soak up the atmosphere.This is a wonderful place to sit and have your breakfast croissants, sweet buns, coffee and orange juice (supplied free by the hotel until 11:00 a.m.) It is kitty corner from Jackson Square and as such it hasTHE most central location in the French Quarter.Lynn at the front desk was very nice and extremely helpful (she spent a lot of time phoning around to find a medical facility when my son had an ear ache).Another worker there (Tobias) always asked my son how his ear was. This hotel met and even exceeded my wish to stay in a hotel which characterized the essence and soul of New Orleans. I would suggest that you try to stay in one of the courtyard rooms, as the room we had was wonderful in every respect.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SFPL
<Content>Atmospheric and Charming Hotel, Mediocre Service We enjoyed our stay at the Place d'Armes but most of the staff was not friendly. One young man who worked the desk in the afternoon and evening was very friendly, but the two ladies were downright hostile. The hotel itself was very charming. We had a huge courtyard room on the ground floor which was quite dark but very nicely decorated with probably 12 to 15-foot ceilings, a fireplace and antique-looking furniture. The maid service was excellent and we enjoyed the continental breakfast each morning in our room. The courtyards are lush and beautiful. We would definitely go back. I just wish some of the staff were more welcoming and friendly.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ccb201
<Content>Not a very nice hotel!!! We must have stayed at a different hotel during jazzfest than the other reviewers. Our stay was terrible. The room was dark and dirty and smelled. The bed was very uncomfortable and the bed linens were torn in several places. The staff seemed indifferent but just could have been overwhelmed because the place was full. Loved the location but there are so many better places to stay in New Orleans. I would not recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdubetz
<Content>Would Stay Elsewhere Next Time The hotel was conveniently located right in the heart of the French Quarter, however after our 5 day stay we would have much preferred to be closer towards Canal street. The hotel staff was pleasent but the room was pretty mediocre. The bed was absolutely terrible, we woke up each morning with a different ache thanks to several springs poking out of the mattress. The ratty comforter was immediately removed and stashed away. The bathroom was large and had good water pressure. Our room was right above the main lobby and had a balcony in which we were a little afraid to sit on due to the condition. The room was also quite dark at night having only table lamps. Finally, we missed not having a restaraunt in the hotel. Overall, not bad, but saw many other hotels that we wished we would have booked instead.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>MikeLynnRichmond
<Content>A great finish to JazzFest 2007 My wife and I stayed at the Place d'Armes for the first weekend of Jazzfest 2007. We stayed in an interior room on the 4th floor, and while I will probably ask for a room with a window in the future, the room was clean and comfortable, and accurately described on the website. The hotel's courtyard was beautiful. So traditionally New Orleans. And the location within the French Quarter was perfect. Butit was service that really made this hotel stand out. The staff was truly top notch and very friendly. They went over and above to get usin our room early (within 15 minutes of our pre-noon arrival). The bellmen were eager to please. A great service experience. Upon our departure my wife realized that she'd left some clothing in a dresserin our room. With a single call we learned that the clothing had been located by housekeeping and turned over to the hotel's lost  found for its safe return to our home. This may not seem like much to some, but similar miscues at other hotels have led to scores of phone calls and much frustration. Not the case here. Our Jazzfest 2008 plans will certainly include the Place d'Armes.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scpdietz
<Content>Our favorite hotel in the Quarter! We have stayed at many different hotels in the quarter, and the Place d'Arms has by far been our favorite. The location perfect, the staff friendly, accomodating and extremely helpful, and our rooms too, have been consistantly comfortable. The courtyard is peaceful and beautiful; I found it a perfect place to relax with a book. The pool was clean and not too crowded. In the morning, coffee,juice and pastries were available for guests in a quaint little room. We are hoping to visit New Orleans again this summer. We will defininately stay here again!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ssac973
<Content>Avoid at all costs!!! Just returned from a 3 night stay for Jazz Fest '07. We were in a (I use the term loosely) deluxe room on the 1st floor. The room smelled terrible. The bed linens were worn and scratchy and the bedspread dirty. The bathroom floor was also dirty and there were slugs on the carpet. After a long day at jazzfest you just want to relax in your room before going out to dinner. I could barely stay in it to sleep (which we did very little of since the bed was so uncomfortable). All requests to do something about the room was met with indifference from the staff and didn't even bother to apologize. I stay in New Orleans several times a year. Always stay at the Windsor Court and will definitely never go anywhere but there again. The location is great but the place is a Motel 6 at best.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Sherylh
<Content>Great location My sister and I found this place on Travelocity and weren't sure what we'd get for the great price, so we were pleasently surprised. The room was great! They have tables outside under magnola trees in a really pretty courtyard. I have stayed in other hotels in NOLA, and I must say that this was one of the best. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and the location was hard to beat. 1 block to Decatur Street, Cafe Du Monde, and just a few blocks from Bourbon St. The hotel staff was really friendly and the location was really safe. We would stay there again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SilverV
<Content>Different Than The Standard Hotel       Jackson Square from Balcony - Place d'Armes  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kb111570
<Content>Warrants a return I stayed at the Place d'Armes Hotel with my husband Mar 30 through April 2nd. We were very happy with the atmosphere of the hotel. Our room was cleaned to our satisfaction. Checking in and out was painless. The location is great. Out the door and a block to your left is Cafe Du Monde. Walls are very thin. Heard lots of lovemaking, night and day. Might not want to stay with children. We had a windowless room. We now know to request a room with a window. We peeked in on rooms with windows and a balcony. They were larger and prettier, although our room was sufficient. Staff were all helpful. You can store your luggage with hotel if you have a late flight. We brought our swimsuits hoping to swim. We wouldn't have entered the pool if you paid us. Dirty! That was the only problem we found with the hotel. Courtyard was very pretty. Nice place to sit in the morning with a cup of coffee.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>roogus
<Content>Great stay at the Place d'Armes Nice, old hotel with large rooms, a very helpful and friendly staff, and beautiful courtyard. Not a modern, crisp place but this hotel gives you a feel for the real New Orleans. Just a block from Cafe du Monde!!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>mads212
<Content>Place D'Armes, Great Atmosphere and Location Stayed at Place D'Armes the first weekend of Mardi Gras festivities in a Courtyard view room. The location and old New Orleans atmosphere--both room and courtyard were tops. Room was huge with fireplace, balcony access, crystal chandelier and separate sitting area, although room was dark, somewhat dusty and worn, and one of our two phone did not work, even after it was repaired. As there are five buildings, and all rooms are unique, I can't say whether mine was representative. Location was ultra convenient, just steps from Jackson Square and Royal Street. It was also dark and deserted at night as many neighboring stores were closed. Staff was helpful--especially Chris, but a several were new and a bit clueless. Elevator was small and slow; not a big deal. Push both the up and down buttons and it comes, push the down button when the elevator is on ground floor and it stays there. I would not recommend Place D'Armes for business travelers, but for vacationers who are not perfectionists it is a great choice and value.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>naflatem
<Content>Clean, Quiet, Beautiful The best location I've ever stayed in New Orleans, will definately be staying here again. Staff was friendly and helpful with offering advice, assistance and suggestions. We asked our housekeeper about where we could get the best pralines and she said she couldn't remember the name of the place but when we saw her later that day she had looked it up and written down the address for us. We had an interior room with 2 double beds on the 3rd floor. The room was very clean, was well stocked with LOTS of towels and the pillows were fluffy. The elevator worked well also. The courtyard is just gorgeous and so relaxing. We had the croissants, juice and coffee for breakfast on one of our 3 days here and it was good. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cokerbud
<Content>Great Value and Great Hotel This is an excellent property. It is safe, and close to all the great places to eat and party. It is just a couple of blocks from BourbonStreet and a couple of blocks from Cafe Du Monte. The parking is expensive but the lot is extremely secure. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Txbella
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I was hesitant to book a room here with some of the reviews butended up going on a last minute trip and the rate they offered through AAA was fantastic and we needed 3 rooms and Place D'armes was able to accomodate us. We might have just beenvery lucky but our entire party was was happy with our stay.First of all the location is great. Right in the middle of the French Quarter on Jackson Square, easy walking to shopping on Royal, Decatur and to Bourbon street. My room was 409. It was an interior room. It did not have a great view but the room itself made up for it. It was like a little studio with a sitting room with a fold out sofa and a separate bedroom. The bedroom did not have a window which actually was nice for sleeping in. The room and bathroom were very clean and there was maid service daily.My friends rooms opened into the courtyard (which is beautiful)They had standard rooms with 2 double beds. Both were alsoclean and nicely decorated. For the most part the front desk wasvery helpful and polite with answering questions etc..The Monteleone has always been my favorite in the Quarter, but after this stay I will add Place D'armes to my favorites list.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KingRex
<Content>Skip the Breakfast and go for a Walk We visited the Place d'Armes over the March 9-11 weekend and had a marvelous stay. Each room is unique, all are quaint. I imagine it's hit or miss on which room you get, but we had Room 208 and just loved it. The room was huge, with a king bed and pull out couch. It looked out over the courtyard and pool - absolutely beautiful. There are several courtyard areas surrounded by the hotel buildings. I would recommend a room on the upper floors overlooking a courtyard.We haven't been back to NO since the storm and we were impressed by how far the city has come. Certainly, there is a long long way to go, but NO is recovering and it was a treat to see it again. The charm, the friendliness, the style, and the decadence is all back. Maybe it never left.The staff at Place d'Armes was great - very helpful and accommodating. Sure, there are relatively minor kinks - our television remote didn't work until I replaced the batteries with those from my mp3 player, a couple lights were out in the hall, and you can hear the folks upstairs walking around on noisy floors. But, when you consider the age of the place, it's all part of the charm.One puzzling amenity is the continental breakfast. The concentrate orange juice, the standard issue coffee, and the run of the mill croissants are a nice idea. But, you're within a block of Cafe du Monde!! Don't waste the calories at the hotel, go spend some money on a real New Orleans breakfast.This place isn't everything for everyone. But if you accept the total package, are willing to roll with its charming idiosyncracies, and want a real NO experience, there's no better place that we've found. We'll definitely come back.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>sweetshrub
<Content>Keep Going Back! I have been staying at this hotel for about 10 years now. Each time I stay, I go home saying I will never book this place again. Then six months later, I do. The greatest draw of this hotel is location.The worst things about it is that it is damp, not always real clean, pitiful complimentary breakfast, things don't work and some of the staff are unfriendly. It can also be noisy if people are overhead or next to you. My last trip, this past Thanksgiving, was my typical experience. Arrived, unpacked, door didn't lock, discovered the air conditioner did not work, packed stuff back up, moved to another room, children overhead, raining, had to stay inside, no sleep. But you can't beat the location for being in the place where you feel the pulse of the French Quarter. There is a parking garage, so parking costs extra but is safe. Most everything in the Quarter is within walking distance. Tired of lugging packages around from shopping in the Quarter? No problem. Take everything back to your room and keep on going. You can walk everywhere from here - the casino, buggy rides, French Market, restaurants, jazz, shopping, museums, the River, the Aquarium, Gray Line Tours, Bourbon Street(I know, you don't go to that place). Even at 60 I can hike everywhere from this hotel, it's right on Jackson Square. Being one block from Cafe Du Monde (open everyday but Thanksgiving and Christmas, I think) is worth the aggrevation of things not being just right. Staying at this place is dependent on how much you are willing to tolerate in order to afford a trip to NOLA and how much you want to be in the heart of what's happening there. If you expect and can afford the best, then you might not want to stay here. But then again....like me...you might.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eholden
<Content>Great Location - Beautiful Grounds  We stayed here with my parents the first week of March. You CANNOT ask for a better location. Right in the middle of everything but extremely quiet location. The grounds were beautiful, the hotel was very old and antique. Everything was in good shape for your basic French Quarter hotel. The day desk lady wasn't extremely friendly but the guy (Brad?) that worked the afternoon shift to 11pm was wonderful and bent over backwards for both my parents and us. The bell hops were great and all the staff would say good morning and smile. We asked for extra towels, etc. and they were there right away. The breakfast was very basic, but plenty of it and very fresh. One thing to remember is that the walls are paper thin (and I mean paper thin) in the old main building as all old French hotels are. My husband and I were woken up MANY times every night from the people above us walking around or anyone in the hallway that was whispering (and my husband is a heavy sleeper). My parents said they didn't have that problem and they were in one of the out buildings attached to the main building so if you are a light sleeper you might ask for a room off the main building. Also, the beds are very hard. We were sore every morning so if you like a hard bed, this is the place for you. Over all, it was lovely. Beautiful grounds, fantastic location, good price, and very friendly staff. We all recommend it highly for the price.emh  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TexRoamer
<Content>Not Too Bad This place is in a great location. It's less than a block from Jackson Square. It's perfect if you are looking for a hotel where you can park your car and walk around in the quarter. Our room had no window and smelled a little musty, but it was clean and the beds were comfortable. The room was also quiet, which is rare in the quarter. Check-in and check-out were easy and without hassle. The lady at the front desk was not very friendly when we arrived, but we had no other problems with the employees or service. I think she was just having a bad day. The man in the parking garage was very nice and helpful. We would stay at the Place d'Armes again. Next time, we'll ask for a room with a window. I would recommend this hotel to my friends.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>askeddie
<Content>Don't Have High Expectations       Garden rooms look nice  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilovejack02
<Content>It was ok. As someone else stated this place is not for picky folks. We stayed on Feb. 14 - Feb 16th. Rooms are pretty clean, beds were comfortable, but I have slept on better and have seen better linens. The rooms could use a bit of updating. The courtyard was GORGEOUS!! If it had been warmer weather, i would loved to have spent the afternoon with a good book and a drink. We had a downstairs courtyard room that is wonderful if you have children that nap. We sat outside on the patio chairs right outside our door till our child fell asleep. The breakfast was just ok, danishes and crossiants dont really fill you up , but it was nice to have something to munch on while getting ready for a day out. The location of the hotel is WONDERFUL and the prices are great.We may stay again just because of the location.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>RockyPt
<Content>Wonderful place       View of our balcony from across the courtyard  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Niquolle330
<Content>Great value in an amazing location       Hallway  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>desert_red
<Content>Not for the picky types I'll make it simple. If you're the type that notices every tiny stain in a hotel room and appalled when the TV in the room doesn't work perfectly, stay away from this place. It's an old hotel that has wear around the edges and few of the modern aminities you'll find in other places. Save up and stay at one of the big name chains downtown instead.Now, if you're going to New Orleans looking for some old style charm, enjoy staying at a place that's a bit funky and with its own personality, and want to be steps away from Jackson Square and Bourbon Street, I can't recommend this place enough. Fortunately I'm in the latter category and like a place that's not like every other hotel. The staff was friendly, the location was unbeatable, and the place was 100% New Orleans with a great courtyard.One note - I made my reservation directly through the hotel Web site and had no problem. Others that checked in near the same time that had booked through other sites or were calling in on discount offers seemed to have issues. Not sure what the problems were, but it might be worth booking directly if you're planning a trip and want to stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Bawston
<Content>Best Hotel in Notal...Hands Down! Let me start off by saying I really don't want to share this gem with anyone but at the request of the lovely staff requesting I let people know things are still kickin in NOLA. This being my second time in New Orleans (first being pre Katrina) I decided to stay at the same hotel as the first visit. Let me just say one thing...this hotel is the BEST. Not only is the location key but the rooms are clean and roomy not to mention you get the vibe of the French Quarter that would be otherwised missed if you stayed at one of the bigger chains. The breakfast in the morning was awesome (fresh crossaints, fruit, bagels, coffee) and everyone was extremely helpful. Now...far as how safe the Quarter is don't be nervous...it goes back to what your parents told you growing up...if you look for trouble xxxxxx trouble will find you - otherwise I've always found the people of NOLA to be extremley nice and very helpful. ...Go Back to New Orleans!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glrintreasurelake
<Content>Disappointed I read the great reviews before booking the room so we were extremely disappointed in the room specifically. The carpet was extremely soiled and stained. The bedspreads were both stained badly, dust and webs were everyone from the drapes, to the fireplace mantel, to the television cabinet. It was impossible to read in the room or apply make-up as the lights were so dim. We found silverfish in the bathtub each evening and morning, and on our final night a mouse ran in and out of the room until we stuffed a towel under the door. The location is great and the courtyard was wonderful, as is the free contintental breakfast, but none of this can make-up for the uncleanliness of the room. I do not know why my review differs so much from others as we saw into a number of rooms as the maids kept the doors open while cleaning, and the rooms appeared to all be relatively the same (disgusting). The hotel is old as it is located in the French Quarter but old does not have to equal dirty.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>igmog
<Content>Fantastic! Very romantic and great location..friendly staff This is the perfect get away for couples looking for fun and a romantic week in New Orleans. Being in the French Quarter is the best way to experience the true taste of New Orleans. The beds were comfortable and the staff was professional and friendly. There was plenty of hot water and the free continental breakfast is a great way to start the day . I still can not get over the good price we got for our room. The view was awsome. 10 stars..A plus service. We will stay here again !  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stanl
<Content>A lovely place to stay!! The Hotel is a small [84 rooms] and lovely place to stay. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. It is conveniently situaterd a half block from Jackson Square, close to many sites and attractions. The staff is excellant; very friendly and helpful. The room rates are reasonable and room assignments are very flexible.My wife and I loved our stay and would return gladly.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nomadman
<Content>Beware BEWARE. I booked two night at this hotel a month in advance to take advantge of a special rate. We arrived at around 9pm after a long drive from San Antoino. We checked in and went up to our room, only to find a half naked man inside. I guess he had been given the wrong key but didnt correct it. We went back down and the hotel clerk gave us another room only it was not the queen bed that I paid for but two double beds. She did give us free parking for both days. The room was nice but in the morning we found a dirty washcloth haning on the shower curtainn rod and a dirty towel hanging on the back of the bathroom door. I told the morning desk clerk this and she was a bit rude. I also asked her to conferm our free parking which she did only verbally. Later in the afternoon I was looking online at my checking account and saw that this hotel had charged $75.04 to my account!!! I was told they made a mistake and that they will refund my money, however, the hotel won't give me a written confirmation of this. Where I come from this is called theft. If I had not seen this charge today they would have gotten away with my money. The staff has be very rude with me about this and I am really let down with this place. We check out tomorrow and I am a bit nervous to leave without having this resolved. The great location does not make up for the way I have been treated. My grandfather built 4 motels in his life and my mother still owns one of them so I know that this is not how you treat a guest.You might have a better experience here than I did but they are very bad at correcting their mistakes so beware.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	5	1	1	3	2	

<Author>MandevilleCajun
<Content>Great Historic Hotel, Great friendly service in the middle of the French Quarter. Front desk person Lyn was very helpful and efficient checking us out. Beautiful old courtyard setting. Make sure your room faces the courtyard and not the street. The street gets noisy early in the morning, unless you like to sit on the balcony facing the street. Very reasonable rates at $67 per night.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>2NThebes
<Content>Place d'Armes Hotel was disappointing After seeing photos on the internet of the beautiful rooms at the Place d'Armes on St. Ann St. In New Orleans, we were very disappointed to find OUR room wasn't one of them. We had a small corner room on the 3rd floor with a full size bed and a lumpy mattress that must have been left over from Katrina. The top sheet was stained and I told the front desk about it but no one ever came to change it nor make up our room. The ceiling fan didn't work and the carpet looked stained. We passed other rooms with the doors open and could see that, indeed, there were some beautiful rooms there but we didn't get to experience them. Although I would possibly stay there again because of it's location to major sites, I would reserve the option to look at the room first and be able to change rooms if I felt it was necessaryfor a good night's rest.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SawyerReads
<Content>Charming  The Place d'Armes is one of the most charming hotels I've ever stayed at. The courtyard is adorable day or night. When I checked in on my first night of my first visit to New Orleans, it made me grin because it's exactly the way you picture New Orleans to be.My room was a good size, although the bed was more like a full than a king. The TVs are small but you don't come to the Big Easy to watch TV. The hotel offers a communications package for $5/day that includes high speed internet and phone calls. A continental breakfast is included -- coffee or tea, and croissants or rolls.My room overlooked Chartres Street and noise was never a problem. There was also one of those darling wrought iron balconies just outside my window (accessible from the hallway) with a great view of Jackson Square.I was traveling with a friend, and her room overlooking the courtyard was even nicer than mine, with more updated decor and a small seating area.The staff of the hotel really went above and beyond for us. We had some technical issues with the TV and they worked on it tirelessly until the problem was resolved. The front desk was always extremely helpful, whether offering recommendations on places to eat, giving us directions, or calling taxis. The location of this hotel really can't be beat, right on Jackson Square with easy access to all of the French Quarter. You could stay in a chain hotel and probably pay more, but I wouldn't trade the quintessential New Orleans charm of the Place d'Armes for anything. I couldn't be happier with my stay here.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nanbob2
<Content>A fabulous experience We discovered the Place d'Armes hotel through an internet search of New Orleans hotels. The rates, location (in the French Quarter), and the appearance led us to contact the hotel to book a room for two nights. The subsequent telephone call with the reservations manager was delightful. He was extraordinarily helpful, gracious, and informative. We booked the hotel immediately.Upon our arrival, we were greeted very warmly, the staff prepared our room early as we had arrived in the morning from a cruise and they stored our luggage for us while we took a city tour.When we returned we were escorted to the room, our luggage had already been moved there, and the room was beautiful and spacious, and located facing the magnificent courtyard.Our stay in New Orleans and at the Place d'Armes was perfect in every respect and the entire experience reflected charm and southern hospitality in the truest sense of those expressions.We would welcome an opportunity to visit New Orleans and the Place d'Armes hotel again.Nancy and Bob, Gettysburg, PA  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>docmess
<Content>Would recommend Place d'Armes Hotel I went with three friends and we had a great weekend in New Orleans. We researched hotels on the web and decided The Place d' Armes was where we wanted to be. It was just as described and was a very cozy, beautiful hotel with the perfect French Quarter location. If you want to be in the French quarter this is the hotel for you. It is a couple of blocks from Bourbon street and we didn't have any problems day or night. The room outside the elevator I would not recommend. Elevator is small and noisy but it is an old hotel. My room was big and very nice. Bathroom was small but we managed. The room was a little dusty and had a little musty smell like old things do but it is really what we expected. The whole staff was friendly and very helpful giving suggestions. It was a little cold when we were there so could not use the beautiful little courtyard. We would definitely stay there again and recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Beachsing
<Content>Place D'Armes Always a Winner After reading a poor review of this charming property, I had to reply with my own review. BTW, most reviews I read about Place D'Armes rave about the hotel.I've been staying at this hotel for well over 10 years and have never had a bad experience. Through the years, the various employees have been hot and cold, but the management of the hotel has always been right on target. Rooms are diiferent in their decor and the courtyard is the most charming of all the hotels I have been to in the Quarter.A recent review stated that the walk to the hotel was scary and poorly lit. Although I've never stayed there alone, I've walked from the House of Blues to the hotel twice through the years alone and late at night and I've been fine. Scary folks don't congregate at the hotel entrance and I've never been uncomfortable going to the outside elevator.The free continental breakfast is great, with delicious croissants and sweet rolls and great coffee. A little fruit would be nice, but it sure won't keep me from making my next reservation there. My only regret is that, after staying there more than 10 times, I've never had a spirit encounter...... I keep hoping the next trip will do the trick!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Frenchbraid
<Content>Love Place D'Armes! When I travel to New Orleans, I always stay at Place D'Armes in the French Quarter. I have been vacationing in New Orleans for about 12 years and have always stayed in the same hotel. The rooms are large and clean and have that New Orleans decor. The staff is always friendly and their service is excellent! Plus they have a wonderful continental breakfast. The location is the best in the city being two blocks from Bourbon Street and two blocks from the Mississippi River and just a block from Jackson Square which is the center of the Quarter where so much of the action is. Sometimes the horns from the river boats can be heard from hotel balconies, being so close to the river. I have visited New Orleans five times after Hurricane Katrina and am happy to say that the French Quarter was untouched and is as lively as ever! P.S. Wait till you see their courtyard...Stunning! Cheers, Geri  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robinson62
<Content>Single and unsafe... The desk clerk might have been pissed about having to work on Thanksgiving...I'm not exactly sure. She took my reservations non-chalantly and then vocalized my room number aloud as she gave me my key. This is a no-no, especially if someone is traveling alone. I diplomatically told her about it and she attitudenally blew it off then shouted it across the lobby to the bellman (that I did not request).The room was uneventful but clean. By day, it's a great location and close to the quarter, Cafe' Du Monde, the Grayline Tour pickup base, 2 blocks from Bourbon and interesting shopping.By night, it is the scariest damned poorly-lit walk down a street that I've ever taken in the quarter. Furthermore, walking through the creepingly dark courtyard to get to the elevator (located in a secluded corner) to get to my room (which was located next to a walkway that anyone could have jumped out of and had me) was nothing nice.If you are traveling alone, don't stay here. You are not safe nor respected. P.S. I told management this in writing and was not responded to.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>boohare
<Content>Highly recommend the Place' My husband and I used to stay in New Orleans a lot before Katrina. We tried almost every hotel there is in the French Quarter, but after trying Place d'Armes we wouldn't stay anywhere else. After Katrina, as soon as they re-opened, we started booking there again and it was like coming home. The staff is still WONDERFUL, friendly and helpful (a lot of them came back after Katrina -- this says a lot about the place to us). We love the Place' and wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else! I can't imagine why anyone would go elsewhere. The property is beautiful, the staff very accomodating and friendly, it's always a great experience when we stay.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3counselor1
<Content>Place D'Armes Hotel is Wonderful! We recently returned from New Orleans where we spent two lovely nights at the Place D'Armes Hotel on St. Ann Street. We wanted to let everyone know that the hotel is completely remodeled and open for business. When you enter the hotel you will be treated like family by Lyn and Othello. They will give you advice on the best places to go for food and fun. We want to spread the word that the New Orleans we love is still there and to encourage people to go and enjoy their stay with Lyn and Othello at the Place D'Armes Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bamanurse
<Content>Place d' Armes best location My three girlfriends and I just returned home to Alabama from a weekend at the Place d' Armes. It was a very cozy, beautiful hotel with the perfect French Quarter location. It is only a very short distance from Bourbon Street, but you dont have the noise like you do staying right on Bourbon. The rooms were clean with the exception of dusty light fixtures in the bathroom and a dusty tv(but who watches much eh?). The staff were very friendly from arrival to departure including the housekeepers. The desk attendant gave us detailed directions back to the interstate without hesitation (THANKS)! We stayed in one of the interior rooms withoutwindows,but to our surprise we liked it. It was easier to sleep late without light shining through windows etc.If I had to give any real negatives, it would have to be the fact that it is kind of dark and hard to see how to apply makeup in the room. (HAHA!) And the elevator is tiny. But, all in all I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Houskateer
<Content>A New Orleans Gem Our three day stay was made perfect at this wonderful NOLA hotel by courteous staff and gracious ambience. We chose the hotel for its close proximity to Jackson Square and all of the French Quarter attractions. .I had only been to New Orleans once thirty plus years ago and my husband had never been there.. I wanted him to experience New Orleans' charm by staying at this 200 year old hotel. I have never stayted in the PlacdArmes and did not know of it;s haunted reputation . I only learned that I had experienced the paranormal when inquiring about our unusual room on the second day. I am sad to say that our third nite was uneventful and if there had been activity, I slept through it. This only made the trip more interesting and fun. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Texas2526
<Content>Wonderful! Stayed for 2 nights and hated to leave Place d'Armes-totally charming, beautiful 200 year old hotel in the heart of NOLA. The hotel's ambience is what you want in this city-casual, friendly and very well-priced. I agree with others who recommend you get a room with windows. I've stayed in more expensive hotels and this one makes a stay even better to spend your savings on wonderful food and beads in the Quarter. The location can't be beat-it's on Jackson Square, one block from Cafe du Monde. There is no hotel restaurant, but plenty of nearby tasty spots for any budget. The courtyard is magnificent for reading the Times Picayune that comes with your complimentary continental breakfast. New Orleans wants you back, so go and stay at Place d'Armes!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelori
<Content>Home Away From Home Stayed here with my husband Oct 26-30, and loved it. We booked back in July through the hotel's web site, and had no problems at all with our reservation. First time back since Dec '03. We always try to get a room here when we come to New Orleans. The staff, location, and beauty of this hotel keep us coming back.As mentioned by others, the staff here is great and treated us like family - only better :) Lyn at the reception desk is the loveliest woman - gave us an awesome room in an area we've never been in before. Very large, yet cozy room tucked away on the fourth floor. We got excellent restaurant and jazz recommendations from the staff as well.There is a free continental breakfast downstairs each morning, consisting of orange juice, coffee, croissants, and rolls. There are plenty of tables and newspapers in this little area, which is situated across from the reception area, with a window that faces St. Ann Street.Housekeeping came promptly between 9 and 11 a.m., always leaving fresh shampoo/soap/towels. The rooms are very clean -- ours was smoke free, and actually smelled smoke free. Bed linens were very clean/bright, and it was easy to keep the room at the temperature we desired.The Place d'Armes is within easy walking distance to Cafe du Monde (one block), Jackson Square (right around the corner), and many restaurants, including the Alpine (which we love for their duck - different sauce every night and Spanish coffees).As always, the stay was too short and we can't wait to come back to our home away from home!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tropiclover
<Content>Great time in New Orleans! Place d'Armes is wonderful! Just got back from a trip to New Orleans for my daughter's 21st birthday. What a wonderful city! Everyone we met was incredibly friendly. We stayed at the Place d'Armes, and were extremely happy with our choice. The hotel is totally charming, with a beautiful courtyard in the middle. The room was nice, clean, the beds were very comfortable, and we had a large private balcony with a view of Jackson Square. We could almost smell the beniets at Cafe duMonde while we were having our morning coffee. The location was terrific - a short walk to Bourbon St., Jackson Sq., the Riverfront, etc. The only slight negative about this hotel was the continental breakfast, which was nothing to write home about. But, for the price, you can not beat this place. I will definately be back!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SweetTime
<Content>Love the Place!! We loved the Place D'Armes. Absolutely charming rooms done in a pretty french yellow. Our room had a balcony overlooking the street where we could see Jackson Square. We sat outside and had our morning coffee and pastries and watched the horse-drawn carriages go by. The staff was professional and very friendly. The old world charm was felt everywhere at the hotel and the location was incredible. We walked to Bourbon Street, to Jackson Square, to shops, to dinner at NOLA. They also had valet indoor parking, and a swimming pool, which is a rarity in the Quarter.When we visit New Orleans in the future, we will definitely want to stay here again! We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dupont1
<Content>Good for the Soul! Superb location, authentic Creole historical ambience (imagine lush sub- tropical courtyards with brick paving stones, fountains), and friendly staff (esp. Lyn - Front Desk, Othello/Chris - bell captains, Mitch - valet parking) are the hallmarks of this small boutique hotel. The place is just good for the soul. As a Federal recovery worker, it's been my home away from home on and off for a year now. I couldn't imagine staying that long in one of the sterile skyscraper hotels downtown (no matter how plush). The French Quarter is ideal for a visit (minimal damage from the storm). Come down and have fun (and support the City's recovery in the process).  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>ClevelandRick
<Content>New Orleans is doing OK! We - a family of four - went to New Orleans for a family wedding. After some research we selected the Place D'Armes just off Jackson Square in the French Quarter.Wonderful People, Wonderful Location -- Zero Katrina Woes.Rooms were large, Clean and Parking Service was exceptional.We made an effort to view the flood areas and meet some of the people impacted by the Levee failure flooding.Things are nothing like we saw on our local television. The people are rebuilding, the city is rebuilding and we were well recieved.New Orleans is nothing like it was but it is still great, wonderful shops, resturants and cordual people.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Turquoiseharlem
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My fiance and I stayed here last weekend Oct. 21-23. and it was great!!! It is right in Jackson Square, in the heart of the French Quarter. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Although we did not use it there is a pool in the courtyard and the courtyard is beautiful!!! It is one block from Cafe du monde, which you must go to at least once while in New Orleans. Also near the riverwalk, where you can walk along the Mississippi River. Very beautiful at night. What we did love about this hotel is it is right in the French quarter but a few block away from Bourbon St. so you do not have the rowdyness. We ate in a two great restaurants, one called the Alpine, not far from the hotel, you sit in the courtyard with Jazz music playing. Food was great. The other restaurant was on Toulouse St. called Hillery's on Toulouse. Also great food and awesome service. All in all we had a great weekend. Also did a steamboat two hour tour on the Mississippi which was great and I highly recommend. I believe it is $18.50 a person, well worth it.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lazzer
<Content>Gem of a hotel We stayed here for a few nights and found the hotel charming and in an excellent location. We had reserved a courtyard double room with a huge balcony overlooking the beautiful pool and garden. The room was clean and spacious. Staff were friendly and helpful. This was our first trip to NO and despite the devastation Katrina (has still) left we found it a grreat place to visit.Laz, London, UK  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DiverDrew
<Content>Place D'Armes is a French Quarter Gem We love unique boutique hotels, and this certainly qualified.We arrived early on Friday at Noon and were allowed to check into our room right away! We had reserved a deluxe room but think we must have been upgraded as our room was a suite, with a separate sitting area. The room was on the 4th floor and had one small window in the louvered roof. This meant it was dark in the bedroom which was great because we slept in past 9am for the first time in years. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel, just off Jackson Square, was a quick walk to everything. It was quiet, roomy, and wonderful!New Orleans is open for business. The people are there and are ready to serve. What they need most now is for more people to come down and see them. The city is largely dependent on tourists. There is still a ton of work to be done to rebuild neighborhoods and businesses. The people there are committed to getting it done. If anyone is up for the challenge it is them. Go down and enjoy yourselves. Spend lots of money on some of the best food, accommodations, artwork, and souvenirs you can find. Tip people very well and thank them for being there, for working so hard to preserve part of the United States that is as unique from both an architectural and cultural perspective as it gets. They will be ever so appreciative and you will feel ever so good about being part of their recovery. reNew Orleans!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dano123
<Content>Great Stay as usual Have stayed here several times and always have had a wonderful experience here. Staff was very helpful, friendly. Hotel is in the best location in the Quarter as far as I am concerned. Quite, charming but close to action.For the price it is a great deal. Courtyard is very nice, has a small pool which is nice for cooling off in the summer heat- always ask for a room with a courtyard view if possible. Have stayed before in one of the inside rooms with no window- like a closet but usually a good deal if rooms with a window are sold out- in NO you aren't in your room much anyway.This hotel represents one of the best values in town- not the Ritz- but doesn't charge Ritz prices either. As far as New Orleans, the French Quarter and garden districts look better than ever- everthing is wide open and ready for business. It's like you can't tell anything happened.Most damage occured in the residential areas- go and support this great city and unique American treasure.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>poodleone
<Content>Bit strange- does have atmosphere I really wanted our stay here to be one of those we could look back on and say what an unusual but wonderful find. I had read the mixed reviews so was prepared for the less than enthusiastic front desk reception. We had to wait about 15 minutes while some earlier issues were addressed. Even though we were assigned to one of those odd back rooms, in another building, WE had to ask the bellman for directions- none were offered. He walked us over there but didn't offer to help with the bags. Yes, 224, is one of those rooms with the strange, narrow stairwell (dark, dingy) and barely a courtyard view. The room itself was not bad, just less than nice. Clean but could use a few upgrades (I am not sure how large people use the bathroom- that area is VERY small and narrow). The stay was OK- it has that NOLA charm and location. However, so do other better places. It was quiet (well, a courtyard fountain had me thinking it was raining all night). Can't in good conscience recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>schuntz
<Content>Los Angeles couple loved this hotel. We know the city well. This was our first visit post Katrina visit. When we travel, we try to stay in medium to small size hotels that seem interesting. And are situated ideally for restaurants, nightlife, etc. Place D'Armes suits us to a tee. It sits right off Jackson square, yet is quiet with beautiful historic courtyards and a pool. We splurged on a superior room with courtyard view. Staff was great. We plan on retunring next year. If you want a 5-star room or a balcony on Bourbon St. look elsewhere, but why would you want that anyway.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>westminsterboy
<Content>Fantastic.. and other N.O. tidbits I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Place d'Armes Hotel and had a wonderful time. The location is perfect, the room was very clean, and it has a great pool and courtyard full of tropical foliage. My room faced St. Ann street but remained very quiet at all times. The hotel is about 1 1/2 blocks off Bourbon Street so you are close to everything including Cafe Du Monde, Jackson Square, and Royal Street. The staff were friendly and like all of New Orleans, they are glad to welcome you back or there for the first time. The French Quarter is safe, the Farmers Market is slowly getting back, the first part where the fruit stand, hot sauces, Snow Balls, etc is not there, but hopefully return soon?The flea market area past where the previous mentioned businesses were had about 10 tables so that was kind of disappointing. Canal Street is still rebuilding and many stores and hotels have reopened but some still remain boarded up.My only concern was that some of my favorite evening places such as around St Louis Catherdral and Pirates Alley had many more vagrants than before which at times was frightening. I also saw several people in handcuffs around that area so the police are monitoring the situation but not to be able to walk down Pirates Alley in the evening with a mysterious charm of it's own was a little sad. Tujagues was the best Prix Fix Meal I had.Please go back or visit New Orleans for the first time. They need your $$ and you'll get so much more in return.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chaifreak
<Content>chaifreak We went last week, Aug 11-15 to NO and I want to give my 2 cents worth.When we checked in Friday night (Place D' Armes) the person at the desk was not happy that we had 4 people for a rate of 62.00. She told me that I needed to pay an extra 20.00 for a roll away since one of my boys is 16. When I booked with an online service it did not tell me of that charge so I told her that. I asked for the manager and she said he would be in the next day. Well I guess she had a change of heart and she waived the 20.00 for us which was nice of her.We requested a deluxe double with a balcony and we got just that...on the 3rd floor with access to the balcony where we could see the square nicely.The room though was a little on the untidy side. The ceiling fan was shaking so bad that we turned it off for fear of it falling off and hitting one of us. The room was dusty with hand smears all over the place.It was a wonderful size for us with two boys 12 and 16. I guess they are going to replace the TV since it was very small but it worked for the boys.The bathroom was not the cleanest I have seen. I don't think anyone has swept in there for awhile. Also the bathroom doors are not solid doors they are more like french type to the sink area and to the toliet area. Ok if all close knit family but not if traveling with friends since all the noises can be heard everywhere in the room.Well I wanted small and quanit and that it is but could use a good cleaning.We did an Airboat tour which was really great and would recommend Airboat Adventures which is pretty close to NO. He charges 65.00 for 2 hours and if you want to feed alligators marsh mellows well this is the thing to do. My boys really enjoyed that. We felt safe and had a great time. I will warn if there during the week then hours are cut back so check once you get in with the hotel desk with where you want to go. We tried for a few days to get to Mulates and finally got there on a Sunday night just to hear 2 songs. They are opened 7-10p but music is only til 9pm. I wish they would have told us when we called.But over all everything was great and nothing beats walking around and site seeing while drinking a margarita!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LPTravels
<Content>Fantastic Service - Great Atmosphere The staff, location, and atmosphere of this boutique hotel were fantastic. I stayed there for 4 nights for a small conference. I checked in with a co-worker and we each prefered the room the other one had received. Since each room is different, they let us look at the rooms before we checked in. The manager was very accomodating, switching our rooms and ensuring that our stay was wonderful. They had excellent suggestions for restaurants - not all of the French Quarter restaurants are open yet, so it was helpful to know where to go. The courtyard garden was gorgeous - the flowers extraordinary. I felt like I had all of the amenities of today, but that I had traveled back in time to the 1800's. In addition, the location was amazing! All-in-all, the perfect New Orleans hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eltons
<Content>'Secret Garden' Hotel My wife and I have just spent a wonderful holiday in New Orleans and stayed from the 10th July to the 19th July 2006 at the Place D'Armes Hotel,in St.Annes Street,New Orleans deep in the heart of the French Quarter,and one minute (overlooking) Jackson Square.After our drive from Orlando,Florida we suddenly found ourselves at home.From the outset we were given a warm smile and welcome which lasted throughout our stay.The atmosphere of the Hotels pool and garden (my wife called it the Secret Garden after the well known novel) were,indeed,something to remember.Although our visit was to enjoy the Jazz and the vibrant life of Bourbon Street it was a pleasure to retreat back to our haven.My reccomendation is based upon what the Place D'Armes is,and what it meant to us,two travellers from Norway.I would honestly reccomend it to anyone,and the 5 stars I have given is deservedly so.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSLTravels
<Content>Step back in history! If you want to feel like you've stepped back in history, this is the place to stay. The courtyard is fabulous! You feel a part of being in another time. The rooms have such detail-wood beams, brick walls, french doors. Plus you are right at the center of the French Quarter. Cafe du Monde, the French Market, Jackson Square, Royal Street with all the galleries, etc is all within a block or two from your hotel. I brought 2 children with me and they really liked the hotel. The courtyard pool was a welcome relief after touring and the location provided quick and easy access to attractions.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pmackey
<Content>Great Atmosphere Our stay was wonderful. The PlaceDarmes is located right in the heart of the French Quarter, literally feet from just about anywhere. The Hotel was in great shape, the staff was very helpful and attentive, the courtyards were spectacular. We didnt go swimming but saw several people enjoying the pool. The room was right over the courtyard and cold and cozy. We would go back anytime.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay at Place D'Armes!! Our family (mom, dad, 3 kids--10-15) stayed her July 3, 2006. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was clean, comfortable and huge--plenty of room for the roll-away bed we needed and still lots of space. We absolutely loved the atmosphere and location. Our room was an interior courtyard room and was completely silent! We wish we'd stayed 3 nights and skipped going to the beach!! The French Quarter was fabulous and we were so close to everything--So glad we stayed at Place D'Armes instead of the convention center as origianlly planned! We were right around the corner from the cathedral at Jackson Square and about a block from Cafe Du Monde--perfect! One note: cars are parked up on the roof by valet via elevator--had we known, we would have left most of our stuff in the car and taken only what we needed for the one night into the room with us--it was a 2-week adventure, we had a lot of stuff...No problem, but good to know for our next visit. One of the best vacation nights we've ever spent!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>andhow
<Content>Location, Location, Location! This hotel is arguably one of the best locations in the entire French Quarter. Literally steps away from Jackson Square and Cafe Du Monde and just a couple of blocks from Bourbon Street and the French Market, it is just a short walk away from any of the attractions of the French Quarter. We recently stayed there in July, so the location was especially good, because you can go back and cool off for a while before you take off on another adventure. Because of the summer season, especially great rates are available (go to the hotel web site for the best prices) We are frequent New Orleans visitors, although this was our first trip back since the hurricane. It is quintessential French Quarter. It has a lovely courtyard and small pool. A small but cozy lobby.There are balconies and french doors opening to the courtyard. We've have never stayed in one of the interior rooms (no windows), and I would recommend you pay the little extra for the courtyard rooms.  A continental breakfast (croissants, cinnamon rolls, coffee, tea and juice) is available. Valet parking is right next door and convenient (20$ per night) The staff was friendly and helpful and I think appreciative of the tourist visits.Not a fancy place, and a little worn around the edges but a real French Quarter experience!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gjonesjr
<Content>The Place in New Orleans! Place d'Armes--THE place when visiting New Orleans!We spent a few days in New Orleans in the Spring, 2006 and stayed at the Place d'Armes Hotel. A small, European style hotel located in the heart of the French Quarter, next to the Cathedral and diagonally across the street from Jackson Square. This was our third visit there in perhaps ten years and we were pleased to note that the service and hospitality were equal to or better than we had experienced in the past. Small but very efficient and helpful front office staff, garage, excellent restaurant in same building, great location within walking distance of many other top-rate restaurants and other attractions. Ideal for tourist or business trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best place to stay in NOLA! We have been to NO many times and only once did we stay somewhere else ! This hotel is the greatest! It is quaint, has loads of atmosphere, the staff are great and it is quiet after a long day and night out. I cannot recommend it enough! We have had both interior and exterior rooms. I would recommend the exterior, however in a pinch the interior rooms will do!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Place d'Armes The Place d'Armes Hotel in New Orleans is an excellent hotel! Every staff member is cheerful, helpful, and readily available. The hotel is extremely clean and well-tended. The courtyard with its plants, flowers, and pool is a delightful place to start and end the day. I expect to stay there every time I visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okksmo
<Content>Such a great place in the heart of it all       Just a relaxing place to enjoy  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NB815
<Content>Perfect Location, Friendly Staff My friend and I were looking for a unique hotel in the quarter and this definitely fit the bill. The hotel is in a great location and near everything without being noisy at night. The staff was very nice and helpful. Only problem we ran into had to do with our original rooms. We booked rooms with a courtyard view and technically mine was on the courtyard, but next to the office and under an overhang with only one window that was 5 ft up the wall with shutters so you couldn't see out of it (I think room 110). The room was beautifully decorated but the black lamp shades and covered window made it extremely dark -- even with all the lights on! My friend's room was on the first floor next to the street so you couldn't open the curtains with any privacy. We ended up changing rooms the next day into a rooms on the third floor. Smaller rooms, but nice view of the courtyard. Both of my rooms were very clean and the A/C worked great. The friendly staff answered our questions and provided suggestions for places to eat. They arranged a cab for us on our return to the airport and it arrived right on time. The continental breakfast was good, but we couldn't get enough of the beignets at Cafe Du Monde (just a block away) so we mostly ate breakfast there.I would definitely stay there again. New Orleans was wonderful and the people are very happy to see the few tourists that show up. Store and restaurant hours varied from what was printed in brouchures due to lack of tourists and the help wanted signs everywhere. Just be patient and you'll have a great time!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrsg
<Content>Loved the French Quarter character!! My husband and I stayed at the Place d armes for only one night, as it was a quick family business trip. I am from New Orleans but have lived in north Louisiana for the last 30 years. I didn't want to stay in a typical cookie cutter hotel and when I found the prices for this hotel, I jumped on my reservations! This small, quaint hotel is smack dab in the heart of the Quarter - across the street from Jackson Square. It is made of 9 buildings all surrounding the most beautiful courtyard. Every room is slightly different due to the layout, but I find this to be the most appealing part of its charm. We had room 218 and when we wound our way through the courtyard, we found that access to our room could be by elevator or by back stairs. Charming! Our keys were the old real metal keys!! Not those computer plastic things. Our room had 12 foot ceilings and 2 double beds. There were 3 floor to ceiling windows, 2 were bolted shut, but one opened on to the balcony and wow! What a view! Within a stone's throw was Jackson Square and St. Louis Cathedral! I loved the worn treads on the wooden staircase. Yes, there are signs of 'worn-ness' but this is the French Quarter! That's what gives it character! And, yes, the French Quarter has smells to it. Always has, always will. If you are looking for the slick, modern, typical hotel, this is not for you. We found it to be clean, and had everything we needed. Breakfast was also included. New Orleans has the best coffee!! I thoroughly enjoyed our too short stay there, but will be back. God bless New Orleans, my home. Please visit her and support her through your tourism dollars. She can never be replaced.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>World_Traveler_101
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed in the Place 'd Armes for 3 nights as part of a long weekend vacation. The location is excellent for visiting the French Quarter and CBD. From the location on Charteres it's two blocks to Decatur and two blocks to Bourbon Street. The room was clean and did not have any weird smells. The staff was very friendly and helpful with recommendations for places to see and eat. We highly recommend visiting New Orleans and giving the area some badly needed tourism.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hosalito
<Content>Great location...somewhat stinky room.... Just got back from a weekend in New Orleans. We went for the food and for Jazzfest. First, New Orleans seems to be recouperating pretty well, but this was my first trip there so I have nothing to compare it to. There are piles of debris on the way to and from Jazzfest that they are still working on picking up, but overall I thought the city looked about as decent as one could expect. The Place d'Armes Hotel is situated on St Ann  Chartres Streets, right by Jackson Square. Cafe du Monde is literally a block away, which makes for a great late night jaunt. We requested a non-smoking room and that is what we got, however, it really stunk of something heinous, and you noticed it more when you went to lay down at the end of a long day. We couldn't place the smell - it could either have been mildew, cigs, or maybe a combo of both, but it was not pleasant. However, anyone who has been to New Orleans knows of the stenches that permeate the French Quarter, and some of them are really other-worldly. The hotel was sold out so we couldn't request a different room, and really, how much time are you spending in the room when you're in the French Quarter? Not much! The location of the hotel is great, and if you have a room that backs up to St Ann, you might be awoken by one of the street performers practicing in the early a.m., which just adds to the flair of the French Quarter. Overall, for the value, I'd say it was about average. Go for the food  the atmosphere, and try to ignore the stenches!!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel, Great Location Charming old hotel with a wonderful courtyard area. Sort of like a BB type of feel.... This hotel has a great location in the middle of the French Quarter, just a couple of blocks to Cafe du Monde, next to Jackson Square, down the block from Muriel's - the location could not be better in New Orleans. All the staff was friendly and helpful - I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Terrific location, Beautiful Patio, Gracious, friendly and very helpful staff. Free breakfast. Rooms do vary. View of the pool and patio is fantastic. I will be back.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Rate "Atmosph猫re parfaite " Good Day, Last week I had the opportunity to stay at your hotel on St.Anne and I just wanted to write your company with my greatest compliments. My experience there was perfect. Your hotel and especially your staff excelled beyond all my wishes. Never have I felt so comfortable and happy when staying away from home as I did at the Place d'Armes.  I believe the valets name was Mitchell; he should be highly commended for the work he does. He is jovial, attentive and generous to the guests. And Ava, who works the front desk is an angel. She takes everything in stride and makes sure that as a guest you feel not only well taken care of but welcome. Once more I just wanted to let you know, that your staff and hotel is everything a hotel manager and owner could wish for. I had a fabulous time visiting the New Orleans and I attribute a large amount of my satisfaction to the treatment I received at the Place de'Armes.   Thank You, Nichole P. ConardRoom 119 March 8-12, 2006  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel - Fabulous location We just returned from spending three nights in New Orleans at Place D'Armes. I was there with my husband and two children (ages preteen  teen) and my mother. We had a large room with plenty of room for a rollaway bed. The hotel is lovely - very New Orleans style - and the location is unbelievable. It is right off Jackson Square in the middle of the French Quarter, but we never heard any street noise. The rooms are nicely decorated and clean. Our room opened into the courtyard and we had a fountain right outside our room. It was nice to sit out there and eat breakfast and read the paper in the morning. A great continental breakfast is included with the room - the most delicious huge croissants with coffee and fresh orange juice, my kids preferred the cinnamon rolls. This place is a gem!The staff is very nice and helpful. They were all accomodating and pleasant. Great parking location - a little expensive at $20 per day.However - people should be advised that in this post-Katrina time staffing is short. Our room wasn't cleaned one day because they were short-staffed (people are having to live in other towns and drive for several hours to and from work so they aren't wanting to work late when others don't show up - can't blame them!) and we didn't get sufficient towels that day because they had run out. When I spoke to the manager our bill was adjusted. This would not keep me from staying there again immediately - I would just make sure earlier in the day to request service.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gitsy1
<Content>Charming French Quarter Hotel The nicest feature at the place d'Armes is the spacious, lush courtyards in the center of the hotel. In addition to tables where you can enjoy an outdoor continental breakfast (included in the room rate), it features a small, but attractive pool. There is a pleasant breakfast room off the courtyard. The lobby area is small, but nicely appointed.The hotel is well located on a quiet block two blocks from Bourbon St. The location is on the edge of the central commercial area in the French quarter, but everything you would want to visit in the Quarter is within a 10 to 12 block walk.The common areas and room were clean and well maintained. Our room was average sized, attractively furnished and looked like it had recently been redecorated.The staff was generally friendly and helpful.There is a parking garage in the hotel for an extra charge, great if you have a car.The only negatives to this property were that the matress in our room sunk in the middle and badly needed replacing, the bathroom was tiny, the swimming pool was full of leaves and our room (as well as many others) looked out on an exterior corridor hallway(limiting privacy if you wanted to leave the curtains open)and faced a wall.Considering that the rate we paid was significantly less than most other historic French Quarter hotels, I was happy with our choice of accomodations.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mitla96
<Content>As Beautiful as Ever       Front courtyard at the Place  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sunnyflies
<Content>loved the location A group of us stayed there after delivering donated emergency vehicles to Mississippi. We had no reservations, we just drove up to it late one night. What a lucky find. The location can't be beat, you can walk everywhere in the French Quarter. The staff is friendly and helpful. They also have a garage which is a plus if you are driving. The hotel is charming. Parts of it are two hundred years old and its interior courtyard is lovely. Staying there gives guests a special insight into what actually living in the Quarter must be like. Rooms are spacious and done nicely, but be sure you get one opening onto the courtyard or the balcony, not an interior room with no window. I much preferred it to some chain hotel, especialy for staying in New Orleans where antiquity is such a big part of the draw.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still the best hotel experience! Once again my family and I had a wonderful experience staying at the Place d'Armes. Seeing as this was my best friend's first trip to N.O, I was anxious to show off the hotel that I had always raved about. Needless to say, she was over the moon with the Place and can't wait for her next visit; summer of 2006, here we come!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>uptownalon
<Content>This hotel is open and clean! I am from New Orleans and came back home to survey the damage to my home. After a terrible day trying to clean up my home, I came to the French Quarter on a rumor that the Place D'Armes was open. I went right in, and got a room. The hotel looks fabulous and has had a thorough cleaning! Very little evidence of the hurricane(the courtyard is a little more bare now-tree damage) but still is manicured and gorgeous! The staff were all wonderful, kind, caring, and considerate! My whole stay was topnotch, like an oasis in the middle of chaos! My hats off to the hotel and its staff! Thank you!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place to stay in the Big Easy! My family and I now only stay at Place d'Armes Hotel. We try to go at least once a year to New Orleans. I have stayed in several hotels in several locations throughout the city. The location is excellent - right next door to St. Louis Cathedral. a french bakery, great shopping. Cafe DuMonde, the street artists, and frotune tellers. You get a great feel for the unique quality this city has to offer. The staff is very accomodating. By far the best place to stay in the Big Easy! We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sueflanagan
<Content>We Love this hotel We have been staying at this hotel for the past 15 yrs during our annual visit to New Orleans; it is centrally located in the French Quarter for walking and exploring in the Quarter; the people from the manager down to every maid in the hotel are excellent; SERVICE is their first, middle and last name; and everything is done w/a SMILE. I cannot imagine staying anywhere else in the Quarter other than this delightful small hotel w/atmosphere galore.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Wonderful! We spent our delayed honeymoon (14 years after marrying) in New Orleans at the Place d'Armes Hotel - it was wonderful. We knew the week would be special as we arrived at the front door - we were greeted by the concierge with all the charm of a southern gentleman, front desk clerks were very pleasant and made every effort to welcome us to this quaint hotel. A continental breakfast was available every morning for guests, the rooms are tucked in small courtyards and security is very good at the hotel as the courtyards do not open directly onto any streets. In the courtyard there are several caf茅 sets and benches for quiet reading and relaxation all under the shade of very old trees. There is wireless service available for laptops throughout the courtyard and a small pool for relaxing. Staff was always pleasant 鈥?after all they are real Southerners! The quaint room was clean and comfortable for a weeks stay. The only negative was that the carpet seemed to be a bit worn and if replaced would make the rooms just about perfect. Service during our week stay was above average. We let the staff know that we wanted to venture beyond the regular tourist attractions on Bourbon Street (one block away) and Jackson Square (half a block away) to experience New Orleans for its charm, hospitable people, wonderful jazz and historical sites. They willingly directed us to great dining and wonderful music. We walked comfortably 8 blocks to Frenchman Street to local jazz clubs and dinner without any fear. We received more value than expected. We paid approximately $104 per night during our stay. When we return to New Orleans, we will stay at the Place d鈥橝rmes Hotel without any hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas at Place DArmes My wife and I had a rare opportunity to get away, alone, and we chose New Orleans and the Hotel Place D'Armes just before Christmas. Great choices. The Hotel was welcoming, the reveillon dinners and special activities of the Christmas season were added treats, and even the ghosts were friendly. We can't wait to return. Let's just hope we can someday, soon.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daytripper2
<Content>Really enjoyed the Place D'Armes We thought the Place D'Armes was a great place. We were there during the week, so we got a low rate from the Louisiana Welcome Center's reservation service. It was a good room, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was fine. Had an inside room, so no view, but two doors down were two balconies - one looking on the garden, another towards popular Jackson Square. It was close to Bourbon St., close to the water, we could walk everywhere. We would definitely stay there again. We would rather stay here than one of the more generic big downtown hotels.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brooke80
<Content>Loved it! If you want a nice historic quiet hotel, this is it. My Mom  I stayed here in 2001 for a few nights and really liked the old French Quarter charm to it. For those of you that what something affordable, close to Bourbon Street and quiet you'll love Place d'Armes. When my (now Husband) went on our first road trip together in Colorado we did not know we were going to spend the last leg of our trip in New Orleans. This Hotel made such an impression on me the first time, I found the number at a travel info stop about 2 hours away. Called them and got a room, and it was just as I remembered. Cute garden with pool, wonderful location. A true French hotel. You get what you pay for here, nothing more, nothing less. If you want something spotless  spectacular go to a five star and pay for it. If you want to do it Nawlins style then you're looking at the right hotel for the right price. We'll definately stay here everytime we visit.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous for a Room without a view! My husband and I stayed here on our first ever trip to the Big Easy. From the Place D'Armes it's a VERY easy walk to EVERYTHING! It's location is right next to the famous Jackson Square where there is no shortage of characters (Fortune tellers, fire eaters, etc) For partyer's it's 1.5 blocks from Bourbon Street. The hotel is a group of buildings ranging from the 1700's to the early 1800's. It is also the site of the first New Orleans school. The courtyard is charming...with a pool and fountain. Breakfast every morning comes with the room and is served by a very helpful and very nice lady named Delores. The only complaint we had was some of the rooms are lacking a window. We called it our Room without a View Make sure to ask for a deluxe exterior room, and most of the time it's only a bit more. We learned during a Haunted Walking Tour that the hotel is haunted... You can be a Ghost Buster! I did not see any ghosts however. When I return to New Orleans I will stay here again and recommend it to family and friends.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish We were there! I haven't been to New Orleans in years, and never dreamed I would be able to get a room right in the heart of the French Quarter without a reservation. Well, let me tell you, it was one of the many hightlights of our stayl My husband and I really got the flavor of being in New Orleans with the charming courtyard and all those beautiful flowers I absolutely loved it! Kudos to the staff and Mr. Valentino for being so friendly and accomodating., Of course, all this and such a wonderful rate too. What more can you ask for? I'm in love with New Orleans and Place d'Arms. Janice and Noel Brown  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Felt so very welcomed I don't often have the opportunity to send such thank you notes - but I wrote this one to the management:A huge THANK YOU to your oustanding staff. My husband and I spent just over a week with you and felt welcome and at home there.The entire staff for, the front door. cleaning, breakfast - whereever and whoever couldn't have treated us better.Itruest you take good care of them as you should - they are wonderful.A special Thank You to Julie too!My best,Shelly  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adventureperson
<Content>Not stay here again         
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Papdadio
<Content>Fabulous French Quarter Hotel The Place d鈥?Armes Hotel is a fabulous accommodation located in the heart of the French Quarter. The hotel exudes old world New Orleans charm with classic French Quarter architecture, a lush courtyard, and a staff that exemplifies Southern hospitality. I strongly recommend booking early so you can reserve a courtyard room (some with and some without balconies) that provides comfortable and spacious accommodations overlooking the beautiful courtyard and pool. Though the rooms have small bathrooms the other accoutrements and furnishings make-up for the lack of bath space. An insider travelers tip is to pick-up a coupon book from the New Orleans travel and tourism office in the French Quarter where you鈥檒l find a coupon for a Monday-Thursday $69 rate at the Place d鈥?Armes. However, you can still obtain a wonderful $89 rate (M-Th) even if you don鈥檛 have a coupon. The Place D鈥?Armes is the only place I鈥檒l stay on future trips to New Orleans. Just steps from all of the sights and sounds of New Orleans makes this the perfect French Quarter stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place d' Armes - Just Perfect! My husband and I had a very pleasant experience during our stay at Place d' Armes June 23 through June 25, 2005. The room, although showing some slight signs of age, was immaculately clean and with brick walls, high ceilings, old fireplace, and hugh windows overlooking Jackson Square, it truly took us back into the past with it's charm. Be sure to ask for what you want. Their courtyard is one of the most beautiful among all of the New Orleans hotels. The staff, expecially Julie, was very accomodating and helpful in every way. I would not stay anywhere in New Orleans without on site parking! Theirs was great! The location is right on the corner of Jackson Square. We were able to see it from our window on the upper floor, as well as go out on a little balcony to sit and peoplewatch. It is in perfect position for walking to everything, as well as taking any ot the 3 street car lines. We did not want a slick modern hotel; Place d' Armes was exactly what we'd hoped it would be. especially having selected it from evaluating the city's hotels on the Internet. When we return, it will be to Place d'Armes.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JPatrick
<Content>What a nice place! We stayed 3 nights at this lovely property. We had our own private balcony overlooking St. Ann street. The courtyard was beautiful and the location was very good. We could hear the ship's horns sounding on the Mississippi River which is just a few blocks away. Bourbon Street was a couple of blocks up St. Ann and Jackson Square and St. Louis Cathedral were right across the street. Highly recommend Muriels on Jackson Square which is right next door and sitting at the oyster bar at Acme Oyster Company on Iberville. The staff ranged from courteous to very helpful. Would stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in the Quarter. Every trip to New Orleans means staying at this great little hotel. Every time we've stayed we've been treated with hospitality, courtesy, professionalism and great rates. And their location is unbeatable.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Getaway Keeps Getting Better The Place D'Armes in the French Quarter has come to be our favorite getaway spot in New Orleans. Located on the most favorable St. Ann St; literally steps away from Jackson Square, the Mississippi River, and every shop you'd want to visit on Royal and Chartres Streets, and all the little neighborhood watering holes and restaurants. The only thing that tops its superb setting is its staff and customer service. Every single person from the front desk clerks-morning,noon and night shift-to the bellhop and our chambermaid was charming, helpful, kind and extremely accommodating to ensure our most pleasant stay. Front desk clerks were always at the ready to suggest a local authentic eatery, upgrade our room, or send up a bottle of champagne to celebrate our most recent special occasion; bellhop was prompt and efficient with storing our luggage and being certain we had a cab on time to the airport; chambermaid was kind and quick and accommodating.It was a flawless stay. We are truly pleased with their great care and attention to detail. We know we will continue to return. This hotel boasts well made up rooms that possess the right charm and funkiness and feel you would want when staying in the Quarter. Also, we come here at all times of the year and the quality of service is always consistent. We truly look forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amtrakjane
<Content>Perfect Spot Couldn't ask for a better location. We paid only $100 per night, no windows, but who cared... good for someone who doesn't like to wake up to light, as it's pitch black if no lights are on. Only negative was a loud air conditioner, but that's petty compared to all the great things about this place... Simple yet delicious continental breakfast, gorgeous courtyard and pool, and ideal location and price make this hotel one we'll return to.While you're visiting NO, check out the 5 course dinner at the Gumbo Shop, as well as the Crabcakes at Crescent City Brewhouse. Also don't leave without a praline. Finally, I bought a package of Bananas Foster mix which was simple to make and absolutely delicious. If you're looking for good jazz/blues or a more laid back atmosphere than Bourbon, you'll find it all on Decatur Street.Beware though, it was hot and humid as anything in New Orleans in June. You'll be sweating all day from June through August!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay Here Me and a group of colleagues made reservations to stay at this hotel. Within two days of our visit a member of our party contracted a highly infectious staph infection and we had to cancel. In lieu of cancelling I rescheduled. I was told that the charge for the two rooms, due to cancelling within the 72 hour period, would be applied to the next stay. When that time came it turned out that I was charged for the first night's stay on both rooms and NONE of that money would apply to a future room. I finally, after many, many calls spoke to a manager who was rude and diffiult to work with and the best he would do was give us one night credit on a slow night but not a weekend night unless we PAID for the other weekend night. Like they didn't have enough of my money?I have stayed at many hotels and on occassion I have had to cancel at the last minute and NEVER have I had to forfeit $300.They must think they are the only hotel in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE place to stay in New Orleans  The Place D'Armes is so wonderful we almost want to keep it for ourselves and our friends that visit New Orleans. The courtyard welcomes you to sit and simply relax - a wonderful place to read a book or chat with the other guests. The hotel personnel were always friendly and ready to help. This hotel is on a quiet street in the heart of the French Quarter within a block or two of the Cafe du Monde and Bourbon Street. Jackson Square is right across the street. We could walk to everything including the carriage rides, steamboats, streetcars, and more restaurants and shops than we could count. The Place D'Armes has romance and charm and you truly experience New Orleans at its finest!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! A delightful little hotel, an oasis of calm and tranquility, yet slap bang in the middle of the action. The courtyard is delightful and the staff very friendly and helpful. If Julie is on reception when you go, make sure to take her up on her restaurant suggestions!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My wife  My wife  I stayed for 2 nights at the Place d'Armes and were extremely satisfied with our stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. The accommodations were comfortable and aesthetically pleasing. We would stay there again in a heartbeat. I have already recommended the Place d'Armes to my two daughters who occasionally travel to New Orleans.W. J. Sundburg  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kyra_10
<Content>Wonderful experience       fountain in the courtyard  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DGFHelotes_TX
<Content>Great Place to Stay in the French Quarter My wife, son and I stayed at Place D'Armes in late June 2005. Everything was to our expectations and more. The directions to the hotel (we drove from Texas) on their website were perfect and led us directly to the parking garage. The valet parking and attendants were extremely courteous and helpful as was the desk clerk and Concierge. In fact, my wife had asked for a listing of book stores in the quarter and the next morning, we had a list that was good to go.The room was very nice. Clean and comfortable, plus it was very quiet. Our room faced the courtyard and I would recommend that you get a room that has the courtyard view. It is worth the small additional amount.The continental breakfast was excellent as well.When we travel to New Orleans again, we will stay at Place D'Armes.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unreal experience! Let me start by saying that the Place D'Armes Hotel is the most romantic place I have ever stayed. I recently took my fiance there to ask her to marry me. Upon arrival, I could not help but see that this place is extremely well cared for! The staff is top notch in all aspects, the room was beautiful, and clean. The staff somehow found out about our special occasion and sent us a bottle of champagne to celebrate with. Talk about unexpected. I had read previous reviews and was a little nervous. I did not see any evidence of what other people had experienced. My fiance and I are now planning on coming back to the hotel for our honeymoon! Hats off to the staff and management of the Place D'Armes Hotel. You all deserve raises! Thank you, thank you, thank you!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bkb
<Content>good location, nice courtyard June 20-23, 2005: We, a group of 10 friends and family, booked our courtyard rooms at the Place D'Armes over the internet and were pleasantly relieved to find it quite acceptable. The rooms had old French style charm, the courtyards and pool were a welcome afternoon retreat, and the morning coffee and croissants (and the friendly woman who maintained the breakfast room) made visits to the crowded and touristy Cafe Du Monde unnecessary. The location can't be beat - one block from Jackson Square and Bourbon Street, but on quiet St. Ann Street. The only drawbacks were the dark bathrooms, the cleaning product and/or musty scent in some of the rooms, and the $20/day parking charge. Don't forget to show your AAA card at check-in. The rate won't be honored at check-out. Front desk staff were also very friendly. We all agreed we'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, great, great!! Let me start off by saying that I was a little unsure about staying here after reading some of the reviews but my fears were quickly put to rest. When we arrived our rooms weren't ready but the front desk staff and bellboys quickly helped us store our luggage. After walking around the square we returned and our room was ready. Our luggage was brought up within 5 minutes. We had an interior room (no window) but didn't miss the window at all. The room was small but I never really felt cramped. Afterall, you don't come to NOLA to stay in the room! The room was exactly as shown on the web page and was also very clean. The courtyard and pool area was great. Extremely quiet even at midnight on a Saturday when Bourbon Street (2 blocks away) was going at full speed. The breakfast consisted of coffee, orange juice, croissants and cinnamon rolls. Nothing too fancy but enough to get you going and back out the door. On checkout day we reserved a cab with the front desk and set out to do more shopping/siteseeing. Upon our return our cab and luggage was waiting for us. My only complaint was our room didn't get housekeeping service one day because they were shorthanded but they did call and ask if we needed anything and quickly brought us some clean towels. All staff members were extremely helpful in giving directions, restaurant suggestions, etc. Anytime we saw an employee they greeted us with a smile and a Good Morning or Good Evening. Can't beat the location and I will stay here everytime I return!!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the Ba-hum-bugs! All I can figure is that some you folks (most notably, yankess) can't be made happy- cause there is absolutely nothing wrong with this place. Place d'Armes is very nice. It couldn't be in a better location (adjacent to the square- see the cathedral out the front lobby), its clean, quiet, and a very nice place to escape the hustle and bustle- while never having to leave the center of it all. Within walking distance to any french quater attraction. Rates during the week are a steal. Request a room overlooking the courtyard. And about my yankee comment, I work in New Orleans and more often than Southerners they are impatient, pushy, and can be just generally grumpy naysayers. If your gonna come to the big easy, loose the attitude. Relax and stay at Place D'Armes. Laissez Les Bon Temps Roulez!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love place d'armes my wife and i stayed at the place d'armes june 6  7 (for the 4th time),and we wish to compliment the management on having a first class opera-tion! the employees were very friendly and helpful ( especially the ladysupervising breakfast the morning of the 7th), the inner courtyard isabsolutely beautiful, and the room was spaceous and quite comfortable. we will be back and also recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>place d' arms is the place to stay Location, location, location. this is a nice old hotel (rooms are updated and clean). it's located just steps from jackson square and a block and a half off bourbon st. the hotel is very quite and private. we loved it. checking in and out may take some time because of the small front desk with one person doing the work. we requested a balcony room weeks before arrival but upon checking in...none were available. we ended up in room #222 (biggest room in the house) and it was awesome. the ghost tours stop outside and speak of room #223 being haunted. i would recommend this hotel highly. there are coffee and rolls in the morning, ice and vending machines, no bar or rest.(pleanty of those nearby)....this is a smaller hotel so if you like hotel with all the bells and whistles this place isnt for you. stay here...it's worth it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KeelyW
<Content>Very good place to stay We stayed at the Place d' armes on June 3-5, 2005. We had a courtyard room with a queen sized bed in room 224. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. Room 224 is located on one of the side courtyards so there is a brick wall outside the window but it is set far enough away that you still have a courtyard view and plenty of light. The hotel is not a cookie cutter hotel and every room is a little different. We have stayed at alot of other french quarter hotels and this one is our favorite because of the quiet courtyard atmosphere.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our favorite hotel! We always stay here if possible. We consider it to be our NO home. The staff is wonderful and knows us by name. The atmosphere is filled with romance, history, and old French Quarter quaintness.The rates are reasonable, and the complimentary morning continental breakfast is delicious. Each room has its own personality and special touches. My husband complains that I've told too many friends about it! He wants the Place d' Armes all for himself!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful-Place D'Armes Hotel - New Orleans Place D'Armes Hotel, New Orleans on St Ann's in the French Quarter: We had a wonderful experience with the six rooms we reserved at the Place D'Armes Hotel. All 11 of us were very pleased and enjoyed our stay. A real credit to the management and staff. The garden area is so relaxing and pleasant with a quiet, friendly, and romantic feeling. The rooms were wonderful and part of the traditional New Orleans style. We were exceptionally pleased with the price and quality of the service received.  Continental breakfast with Miss D is worth the stay, and the wonderful people at the desk treated us like family and as special guests. (Also, they know music at the Hotel and directed us to RB, Gospel, Jazz. We would not have heard the great music if it was not for our stay at the Hotel - an added bonus). The parking is located at the Hotel. (It was a great place to park and to be within walking distance to everything.) The room attendants were helpful, pleasant and devoted to their work. We felt welcome and like family. We noticed gentlemen replacing mats and taking care of items with a smile and greeting us. This was truly a Southern experience. The Place D'Armes Hotel. We'll be back!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DarleneT
<Content>Loved Place D'Armes Hotel My husband and I just returned from our vacation in New Orleans. This was our first time there and we did a lot of research before we selected a hotel. We ended up staying at the Place D'Armes hotel located near Jackson Square on St. Ann's Street and we can't say enough good things about it. We experienced two rooms at this hotel as the first night we spent on the top floor (5th floor) and then moved to a room with a balcony overlooking the street on the 3rd floor. The reason we moved our room was just so that we could have a balcony if one was available, which it luckily was. The courtyard of this hotel is second to none! Absolutely beautiful and they don't open it up to people on the street...only hotel guests can use it. The courtyard is loaded with beautiful flowers, trees, bistro tables/chairs, lounge chairs, tables with umbrellas surrounding a lovely pool. It is truly a beautiful site to see at any time, but especially during the early morning or evening hours. This hotel truly captures the feeling of being in the French Quarter! Both rooms we stayed in were clean, comfortable, roomy, and well decorated. Both rooms had one wall of brick, which gave the room a very nice look. We stayed in a deluxe room both times for a great price! Every single person that we ran into that worked for the hotel was very pleasant, accommodating, and welcoming! Southern hospitality is very evident here! I don't freely give out good reviews....but I felt compelled to tell everyone looking for a hotel in New Orleans to look no further....this hotel is truly charming, elegant, and everything a hotel in the French Quarter should be. If you want to experience the quaint feeling of being in the south in the beautiful French Quarter....the Place D'Armes is for you!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hats off to the Place d'Armes by Jackson Square! My husband and I just stayed at this wonderful hotel, the Place d'Armes on St. Ann Street. I can't say enough about the convenient location, and wonderful attitude and help of the staff. Everyone was so accommodating, and I want to put a special word in for Delores and her breakfast buffet-- she made it seem like you had a mother away from home! Our rooms were more than we expected. Everything was so clean, cozy and full of charm. The beautiful courtyard was our special stop for a nightcap on the way back to our room every night. What character the entire hotel has!This hotel made our stay such a memorable one, and we are already planning our next trip down to the same hotel and fabulous town.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay at this hotel again My wife and I stayed at the Place D鈥橝rmes Hotel over Memorial Day weekend in 2005. We鈥檇 booked our room through the hotel鈥檚 website and had no problems with our reservations. The hotel is located right on the square, which is its biggest selling point. If you鈥檝e never been to New Orleans before, the condition of the hotel may surprise you as everything is not brand new and sparkling - but then again nothing in the city is either. Our room was spacious and clean, though we made a point to avoid the interior rooms with no windows. The continental breakfast could have been better organized (one thing was missing at any given time, including plates and cups), but it is 鈥渇ree鈥?after all. The staff was friendly and helpful. When we next return to New Orleans, we will again stay at the Place D鈥橝rmes Hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dazi
<Content>A great place to stay I stayed at the Place d' Armes Hotel 5/23-5/26 and I was delighted with the hotel and the staff in spite of some of the reviews I read here. The location is perfect. It's just a few short blocks from Jackson Square and the Caf茅 Dumond. Two blocks the other way, and you're on Burbon Street.My check-in went without a hitch and I got the exact room I had requested. Tim and the entire staff were more than pleasant and helpful. Everyone from the bellman to the housekeeper made my stay a real treat, and Tim is a pure delight. He is absolutely dedicated to that Hotel and the comfort of the guests.The front desk clerk that some have complained about was no problem at all. Although she does not have an overly outgoing personality, she was very professional and helpful with directions and other questions that I asked. When I dashed in the door one afternoon and asked her to hold some bags at the front desk so I didn't have to take them back to my room while I continued shopping, she was very nice about it. But then again, I greeted her with a smile when I arrived and said Please and Thank you when I asked her for something, and maybe that made a difference.My room was just fine. It wasn't perfect, but it was clean, comfortable and very large. It had a balcony overlooking the fountain and garden and there were two chairs and a small table on the balcony where I could sit and enjoy a cup of coffee or just marvel at the beautiful surroundings. You have to walk up a flight of outside stairs to get there, but it was worth it.I'm not excusing the conditions some have reported at this Hotel. I would have been really upset if my room had mold on the walls, but I never saw anything like that.I think people need to remember that this hotel is not hermetically sealed like some of the new hotels. It's very old and New Orleans is a hot, humid place. There may be some imperfections, and their decorating style is not something I would copy at home. But, if you're looking for a real taste of New Orleans, this is the place. I will definitly stay there again on my next trip.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gregbkc
<Content>Good, but could be great! Place D'Armes is a charming hotel. The courtyard is absolutely stunning and I found the staff to be very helpfull and nice. And as mentioned in so many other reviews, the location in the Quarter simply cannot be beat. My friends and I occupied rooms 120 and 123 last weekend. These 1st floor rooms that have two beds were good for what we needed, which was simply a place to rest for the night. We spent very little time in the actual room. The most notable thing about these rooms is the fact that the windows face the street and are so close that the first time I opened the window I felt like I was actually IN the street. A drunk was asleep outside our window. A sad sight. It only took a little while to get used to the window (we kept the curtains closed most of the time). The street was not busy, so their was no noise problem. My only real complaint about the room, was the fact that: 1) mold on the bathroom ceiling of room 123, 2) the beds were as hard as rocks, 3) the pillows were flat as pancakes. But hey, after a night on Bourbon St., who really notices! :) We spent the mornings in the courtyard getting ready for the day. A pefect place to gather your thoughts, chat with other guests, and just take in the beauty of the vegitation. I found the morning hotel breakfast not to my liking, but have rarely had a continental breakfast that I really cared for. We were in and out of the hotel lobby all day and night. Most everytime we stepped through the door, the person working the desk would acknowledge us with a smile or a hello. This is a small but noticiably nice gesture. Overall, I enjoyed staying at Place D'Armes, and would definately stay again. I would, however, pay a little extra and get a room overlooking the courtyard. If only they would pay attention to the rooms with as much pride as they do the courtyard, this hotel would rank much higher in my book. If your looking for a no frills hotel in a great location with a LOT of New Orleans character, then this is the place to choose. If your looking for a top rate hotel that carries the ammenitys and quality of say a Hilton or a Marriott, then save yourself the grief and head to Canal street. . . keep the rooms at Place D'Armes open to the more adventureous!  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointing My husband and I just returned yesterday from the Place d'Armes Hotel. I read a number of reviews before booking and it seemed like this hotel was going to be pretty hit and miss in terms of rooms. I took my chance and, unfortunately, ours was a BIG miss...Hands down, the second to worst hotel room I have ever stayed in.1. Carpet was disgusting. Definitely would not walk on it without shoes. I understand New Orleans is prone to flooding and the carpet in this room definitely must have been a victim. At this point, it wasn't much better than indoor/outdoor carpet. Thin, worn, dirty looking. The floor under the carpet was apparently in bad shape too. Rather than utilizing some floor leveler first, they just slapped that ratty carpet over the top so the floor was all lumpy and uneven.2. Wallpaper must be older than I am. It was dingy, dark and peeling off the walls everywhere.3. MOLD growing on the walls. I'm not talking about a little mold on the grout in the bathroom (although there was some of that too). I'm not talking about dust or any other kind of dirt. I mean black colored MOLD growing right on the wallpaper in the bedroom area. And a good bit of it too. One wall had patches of it covering an area about 2 feet x 3 feet. And I didn't have to look hard to find it. It was CLEARLY visible above the armoire holding the TV.4. Minor fear that the ceiling might fall on us. There was an area of the ceiling that had clearly suffered water damage鈥ery close to being directly above my husband鈥檚 head while he slept. Around the damaged area, the paint was peeling and flaking鈥 big brown stain surrounded by peeling paint does not inspire confidence in the structural integrity of the place. 5. Room just generally smelled...the mold probably didn't help.6. Room location was uneventful. We had a ground floor 'courtyard' room, but it was more like an 鈥榓lley鈥?room. Room 124 was off a smaller courtyard and even then it wasn't really on the courtyard. It was off of a walkway leading away from the courtyard...hence, more of an alley.7. Room decor was dark, dull and dreary. In addition to the previously mentioned dirt, the dark brown bedding and curtains didn't help liven things up. The furniture was well worn and didn't have the feel that it was worn because it was antique...it just seemed shabby. Overall, the room felt like a cave. And having a room with a window didn't help since it was ground floor and we kept the curtains pulled so that we weren't on display for all of the other guests...well, the ones who would venture up our 'alley' anyway.Being an old building, I wasn鈥檛 surprised or even upset by the fact that the floor above us was pretty close to paper thin鈥ell before 8:00 in the morning I awoke to the stomping of our upstairs neighbor. I think they were actually just walking around, but each and every footstep sounded like a stampede. And I wasn鈥檛 surprised or upset by the tiny bathroom鈥e couldn鈥檛 even get the bathroom door shut if we were sitting on the toilet. But when combined with all of the other negatives, even the things I had been expecting seemed like bigger drawbacks than they would have otherwise. As for the positives, the hotel location was good. Right near Jackson Square. However, the area isn鈥檛 THAT big鈥o it seems that the vast majority of French Quarter hotels have a good location. For perspective, as 30-year-olds who aren鈥檛 in particularly good shape, we had more than enough energy to walk anywhere we wanted to go in the Quarter and even took 2 walking tours in the same day.The courtyard was nice鈥e left our alley and ate our breakfast in the main courtyard. But don鈥檛 plan on spending a whole lot of time there because the furniture, while nice to look at, wasn鈥檛 particularly comfortable.Fortunately, we only had to stay one night at this hotel鈥hich is the only reason I didn鈥檛 inquire about switching rooms. Much more than 1 night and I really would have had serious concerns about staying there. Molds can pose serious health risks and there was just too much of it in that room to feel safe or comfortable.The shame of it is that the room had a lot of potential if hadn鈥檛 been one of the grimiest, dingiest, least-cared for hotel rooms I鈥檝e ever seen. If you are a gambler, go ahead and take the chance that you will get one of the nice rooms that people have reported getting. Otherwise, your best bet is to stay somewhere else.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but We just returned from 3 nights at this hotel. The location is great. BUt-- After reading reviews about some of the rooms not being as nice as others, I called to book rooms requesting the best-clean-deluxe rooms with courtyard. I booked this about 3 months ahead of our visit. The room we were given was roomy but old carpet- not clean, noisy airconditioner, noisy ceiling fan, picked up a towel on the rack in the bathroom-a larger water bug or roach came running out, just not a good experience. The small porch overlooking the courtyard was dirty and did not seem to get any cleaning by staff. This was located in the back building behind the wall of the main courtyard- I believe room 224. Hopefully, if booking you will not get one of those rooms. The staff said they were booked, and could not change. Probably, just too much trouble for them. I would hope the hotel management will take note of the problems and clean up this hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NObound
<Content>Disappointed Just returned from NO - stayed at Place d'Armes. Really disappointed - only good thing was the courtyard (although not as nice as pictures on the Web) and the location. Of course, anything that's in a picture always looks good or inviting. The location of this place is perfect - couldn't be much better. And, it is very quiet. However, I was disappointed with my room - afraid to walk barefoot on carpet for one thing, and the room was small. I had reserved a DeLuxe King. Did not get a king; had to walk down the hall to the balcony to view Chartres Street. Thought I'd be able to walk outside a door to my room. Bathroom tiny - had barely any water pressure on the shower and the water was cold - never warmed up! There was some mold (mildew) on tiles around tub, which turned me off. There is a continental breakfast, but even the cinnamon buns are dry and maybe a day old - certainly didn't have the texture of fresh baked or fresh. Certainly not worth the cost. If you're not looking for a fancy place, then stay here - if for no other reason than its location. I hope to go back to NO someday, but I won't be staying at the Place d'Armes, unfortunately.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a wonderful place to stay My bestfriend and i stayed at the Place d'Armes in October and just fell in love with the hotel and new orleans. I loved it so much at we are going back to celebrate her 25th wedding anniversary there and my wedding in the courtyard thanks to management. The courtyard is just the perfect place to have a wedding and along with us we are bringing 10 other family and friends to enjoy the hotel and new orleans along with us. Thanks Place d'Armes.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meac
<Content>Location is the only saving grace of the Place D' Armes I booked 4 nights at this hotel for an anniversary celebration mainly because of the location which absolutely cannot be beaten by any other hotel in the quarter. After encountering the most unconcerned and unhelpful front desk staff ever we were prepared for the worst. And as we expected the common areas of the hotels were filthy but we were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of our room. Although it was extremly small the overall condition was good. But, we were very uncomfortable by the ever present homeless persons who were allowed to loiter right outside the front door of the hotel without regard from the staff. All in all, I think I'll pay the same rate at another hotel and walk another block or two to Jackson Square next time.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff go above and beyond at the Place d'Armes We had just left a hotel where twice during the night someone tried to enter our room. My daugther and I felt very unsafe. We booked a room at the Place d' Armes in the heart of the French Quarter. A charming hotel with an inner garden courtyard framing the pool, that beckons you in! As you can imagine we couldn't get out of the last hotel fast enough so we arrived early and our room wasn't ready. The manager kindly offered to lock our luggage up so we could explore the French Quarter. We explored for awhile but we were so tired from the experience the night before that we decided to just wait in the hotels Dining room until our room was ready. While we sat there the hostess took notice of us and insisted on bringing us some complimentary hot tea and rolls. Note: This was after the kitchen was closed. Our room was elegantly appointed and we had a great nights sleep. Upon returning home my daugther remembered leaving several items behind in our room. I called the Hotel and with in a week they mailed them back to us. Now how often does that happen?  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fairyway
<Content>Like coming home... We can't say enough about the Place d'Armes! My husband and I fell in love with New Orleans about ten years ago. We try to get down there at least twice a year. We've stayed in many other hotels, including the ones with the five *'s. Forget it! This is THE hotel to stay! The staff is wonderful! Tim was especially great! We got the exact room I had asked for when we booked our trip. Every time we're at the hotel, I take my own tour of it. I ask house-keeping to show me other rooms that I would be interested in staying in on a future trip. (July) You're also so close to everything. Walking distance! I can't say enough positive things about N.O. and the Place d'Armes. I have met so many wonderful people (mostly merchants) that a few of us keep in touch via e-mail. So, when we go back, it's like coming home!! I can't wait until July to see the crape-myrtles in bloom in the hotels beautiful courtyard!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place to be? My husband and I stayed here two weeks after Mardi Gras.The location of this charming hotel gets five stars. You really can't ask for more. It's so centrally located in the French Quarter.Restaurants, clubs, shops, art galleries, Jackson Square - all is in quick walking distance. Forget your sweater? No problem, the hotel is right around the corner! We loved that aspect, because we were able to go back and forth and change clothes or drop off the camera without making it a big deal.Now for the bad news- check-in is ridiculous. The woman at the front desk is surly, unhelpful and just rude! After a long wait for our room key, we were led past the courtyard to this dark, dank cell with windows that faced the exterior street, instead of the pretty courtyard. Very, very noisy. And not what we had pictured. I had reserved a king sized bedroom on the second floor, with french doors overlooking the patio. I had called to confirm the room reservation just two days prior.Not happy, my husband complained to the front desk, and got nowhere. Finally he tracked down the GM, who is a very nice guy, and got the issue resolved. We were upgraded to a suite overlooking the courtyard. The room was nice, but I wouldn't have paid full price for it, i think it was rather expensive.Bottom line- you shouldn't have to go to the GM for good service in a hotel. If you can get past the attitude at the front desk, you will enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MicheleNY
<Content>Place D'Armes is charming and tranquil... a perfect escape when you need one! It was my first time in New Orleans and it's now one of my favorite cities! And I know the Place d'armes had a lot to do with me loving my vacation so much! As soon as we pulled up to the hotel, I fell in love. It is very quaint looking, with gaslanterns lighting the way. My boyfriend and I had a room on the first floor, right by the pool. It was spacious and very clean, and amazingly enough, even for being right by a patio, it was so quiet. The staff was friendly and although we slept through the complementary breakfast each morning, other travelers raved to us about how great it was.  Since we love to eat and drink, being two blocks away from Bourbon Street was perfect. Close by, yet faraway enough to feel like you can get away when you want. Plus it's so close to shopping on Royal, the artistry of Jackson Square, and the delights of the French Market.  We stayed in January, when the weather was beautiful, but not too warm. On the nice days we did a swamp tour and a plantation tour, both of which the hotel staff helped book. On the one rainy day, we hit the museums and the small portrait shop right across St. Ann street. (My boyfriend still can't believe he let me talk him into it...but it's a great memory.) And I have saved the best for last. We booked our room for only $70 a night. I travel quite often, and this is by far the best deal I have had. I know the fare was low because of the time of year, so I suggest to anyone that wants to experience New Orleans for all it's charm and less crowds, a month before Mardi gras is perfect. And definitely stay at Place d'armes. You will not be sorry.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fayard
<Content>Loved the Place d'Arms Feb. 4, 2005 my wife and I had he please of staying at the Place d'Arms during Mardi Gras. We went a little further and got married in the court yard. The location in the French Quarter is perfect, close to Jackson Square and to Bourbon Street. The employees are great, they put up with all the people and confusion of Mardi Gras and us getting married with a smile. In fact the employees are a large part of what makes the Place d' Armes our favorite hotel in New Orleans. We go to New Orleans a lot and have stayed in most of the hotels there and the Place d'Arms is the best.Sherry and Wayne  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location My wife and I stayed at the Place D'armes hotel 4 days prior to Fat Tuesday, we had a great time. The staff was very helpful with all of our needs, from maid service to directions to different sights in the city. The location of the hotel is awesome, just a very short walk to Bourbon Street. Bourbon Street during Mardi Gras was crazy fun, can't wait until next year. We will be staying at the Place D'armes again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>anovick
<Content>great room and great staff I went with my daughter and we really loved the location. the staff went out of their way to accomodate us. we did not care for the first room they showed us and they found a room with a balcony for us that was great. the staff went way out of their way to make us happy. they even got beads for my daughter. it is in the heart of the french quarter everthing is an easy walk. The room was clean and comfortable. the hotel has an old world charm. would definatley return   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Easy Living in the Big Easy Spent a fantastic time at the Place D'Armes on Jackson Square in New Orleans at the end of January. Besides being reasonably-priced, the accomodations are wonderful and the staff -- from management to desk clerks and porters -- couldn't be friendlier and more helpful. The location is ideal (in the heart of the French Quarter and near the Riverwalk and the Cafe Du Monde), the courtyard is lovely, the rooms are comfy and the restaurant suggestions provided by the staff were great. As evidence of the quality of the hotel and its service, I was genuinely sad to leave. Highly recommended for any trip to the Big Easy...  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>French Quarter Gem Tim, Miss D and the staff at Place d'Armes, Thank you so much for the gracious southern hospitality on my recent short stay to New Orleans. You made it just the little getaway that I needed! Bless Y'all  Happy Mardi Gras  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Hello Tim, I would like to thank you again for making my trip to New Orleans such a wonderful experience. I am already looking forward to returning sometime within the next few months. You and your staff as well as the facilities at the Place d'Armes Hotel were more than I have ever experienced at any of the hotels I have ever stayed at. I have been at a number of fine hotels across the country including the Brown Palace in Denver which is a great Hotel as well. If I were to ask for anything more in the way of services or facilities, gardens and your perfect location right in the center of the French Quarter- I don't know what it would be.The staff really pulled together during the hurricane event and gave me and the guests, I had the opportunity to speak with over the continental breakfasts, the assurance that everything is was covered.Thank you,James MabarakGrosse Pointe, Michigan  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maynecorse
<Content>Horrible Experience This is was a very bad experience. It was my first trip to NO- 4 days to celebrate my husband's birthday (1/17). After much research, I booked our 3-night stay here. I called and spoke to the front desk, making sure they could honor my request for a balcony, courtyard room. No problem- they assured me this was fine. Everyone tells you to stay in the Quarter for your first trip to NO- Don't believe listen to them.After arriving and walking through the lovely courtyard, we found ourselves in a first floor room on the street, #118. This was exactly what I requested NOT to have! The heavy draperies had to remain closed or else we'd be on display on Charters Street. The noise from the street sounded like it was in the room with you. The furniture was drab. The lighting was dim. The bathroom was grungy and the bed literally poked you in the back. The sheets were scratchy. It was awful0 not just not what I asked for, but an awful room more on a cheap motel scale than a hotel.After returning to the front desk and explaining that this was NOT what I requested, I was told that they could not move us- not that night or the next and only MAYBE the last night. I understand the situation- sold out is sold out- but this request had been made well in advance (I booked at least 6 weeks in advance) and spoke to someone personally.We tried to rationalize that so little time is spent in a room, but after one night in that bed we packed our bags and started calling other hotels. We jumped on the St. Charles Streetcar and spent the next two nights at the Columns Hotel- a wonderful, charming hotel that screams New Orleans. Our bartender at Muriel's (great food- corner of St. Ann  Charters) had suggested it after overhearing us discussing our situation. Apparently, we were not the first couple to check in and then drown their sorrows over the awful room at his bar. He said that he hears many complaints about the place- a comment we heard over and over again by locals all over the city. Do yourself a favor- don't waste your money here!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Accommodations! My husband and I stayed here on our Honeymoon in April '04. The location to all of the excitement and nightlife was amazing and the Privacy was above my expectations. I loved the room and the genuine history behind it. The price was well within reason and we would definately recommend this place to everyone who wants to have a memorable time in a beautiful hotel!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keith-Suz
<Content>Great Location Stayed here the week of New Year. Great location away from Bourbon street. Staff was friendly and attentive, room clean and neat. Lawrence the bellman was a great help. We can't wait to come back. Thanks to all the staff.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location My wife and I regularly enjoy staying here for our anniversary in December. Wonderful location, especially for older visitors as it is relatively quiet yet convenient to major tourist sites. The prices are very competitive with off street parking adjacent. The quarter in December is like Disneyland for Adults with good weather (for New Orleans) and relatively easy access to restaurants as long as there are no major conventions or events in town. Others gripe about the windowless interior rooms, but we like these non-smoking, cheaper, and quieter rooms. Who stays in their rooms in New Orleans anyway? The Bombay House Restaurant at a partner property (about 7 blocks away) is very romantic. Ask for Kim-- a wonderful and happy waitress.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best The check in was easy and the location was great. When we arrived to the room, we were slightly disappointed. The room was extremely dim, as we had an interior room with no windows. Due to the absent windows, there was no air exchange and the room had an odd odor. Our room also had a cockroach problem. We immediately called the front desk to ask them to take care of our situation, and it took over an hour and 3 phone calls to get anything resolved. The walls are extremely thin - everything, and I mean everything, can be heard between rooms. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you have a fixed budget and won't be spending much time in the room.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsandoval562
<Content>No View! I have stayed at this hotel before and I had a nice stay but watch out for the windowless rooms. They are too small and seem even smaller due to a lack of a window. There is no perception of night or day. I called my room the submarine. I made it a point to call the front desk every morning to ask what it looked like outside and what I should wear before leaving the hotel for the day.The hotel was completely booked, so I was stuck with my room. The staff was very nice and the continental breakfast was good. I would stay here again as long as it is not in a windowless room.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>greeneyesat30
<Content>Had a great time! We just returned from a three night stay at Place D'Armes. We had reserved a courtyard king room w/ non smoking through their 1-800 number. We came in on Monday night on Amtrak  checked in, but unfortunatly we could tell as soon as we stopped in the room that it was a smoking room. We went back to the clerk and he moved us to what he had left..a queen room facing a side courtyard. We were going to be moved the next day in order to get a balcony room anyway, so it wasn't a big deal. The first room was okay...it looked nice, but the floor felt like it was giving way in some spots and I saw a little hole in the wall behind the tv cabinet and there did look to be a touch of mold in the bathroom ceiling. However the room that we were moved to the next day was really nice. It was a suite really w/ a separate sitting room w/ a sofabed and the whole balcony on that side was ours! It was nice and clean and in much better repair. It was Room 211 I think. The staff was very nice with the exception of the dayclerk lady who wasn't really overtly rude, just uninterested. Tim the evening clerk was absolutely wonderful. He gave us directions and recommended places to eat and they even sent has us a bottle of chamagne for our arrival since it was our anniversary! The housekeeping lady (I didn't catch her name) was great and sweet and very helpful. The courtyard is beautiful and the continental breakfast was great w/ the crossonts being wonderful and not greasy. Of course the location can't be beat either. All in all it was a great stay and we will probably stay here again when we visit NO again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at Place D'armes. This is our 6th trip here, and by far our best experience. Awesome location right at Jackson Square, Royal Street and Bourbon a stones throw away!!Be sure to get an exterior room, well worth the difference in price.Dionne, staff receptionist, very nice lady!!Try Mothers, the Ferdi Special out of this World.and The Alpine, for the best Barbecue Shrimp!!!!Cheers,  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! I travel to New Orleans several times a year for personal medical business and always stay here. The service is super friendly, the French Quarter location is perfect, and the price is good considering the great location. There are some interior rooms w/o windows, but these are great because they are non-smoking and clean. Besides, how much time do you spend in your room anyway?  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WendyBoston_MA
<Content>Quaint, but watch out for the interior rooms This small hotel is in a terrific location and has a beautiful outside courtyard. The problem is many of their rooms are inside rooms, meaning no windows. We travelled last minute and could not get anything else, so we were aware of what we had reserved. What surprised me however, was the steep rate charged ($149-$219 per night) for a very small room which was clearly intended for one person not two. For example, there was only one bedside lamp, so my husband and I had to take turns reading at night. In fact, it was so dark, we started to refer to the room as the crypt and the bathroom as the inner-crypt. It was rather dull and drab indeed.Not having stayed here before I can't rate the outside rooms, (the only one I did see looked lovely), but do be aware when making reservations that the inside rooms are truly that. Other than this lament, the hotel was pleasant, clean and the staff competent. The shining star was the woman who worked in the breakfast room. She simply made your day she was so pleasant.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really quaint We were in New Orleans Sept. 20 and 21 and had a great time. We loved the place for its wonderful garden patios. we had a room upstairs that overlooked one of the gardens and I loved it. I loved the french doors on the outside rooms. I felt like I was in a southern movie. We had a very nice room. Large and clean and the bathroom was huge. I would love to stay again. Service was good and people very friendly especially the young man at the front desk and he was very knowledgeable about getting around.Thank you!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but... Having spent three nights here in September '04, my husband and I left with the impression that this lovely Hotel in a great location is not realising its full potential probably due to poor management. The staff, while pleasant, do not appear enthusiastic in their work with the exception of the Breakfast Lady. The sink in our bedroom was stained and filthy and no attempt to clean it was made during our stay. Luckily, the one in the bathroom was OK as were the towels and bedding although it was disconcerting in the night to find cockroaches in the bathroom. (Maybe we're being too squeamish about this but, being from Scotland, we are not used to them.) The air conditioning unit was noisy but we could only control it by disconnecting the power supply as the controls seemed to be jammed up with dirt.To be fair, these things may have been dealt with had we complained but we were busy enjoying N.O. and the staff, although polite, were always busy and not particularly approachable.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a fabulous stay at the Place D'Armes. My wife and I just returned from a four day stay in New Orleans and we feel that we couldn't have found better hotel. Knowing about the windowless interior rooms, we requested a deluxe one. We stayed in room 222 and thought it was wonderful. It had a high ceiling, chandlier, two double beds, a newer bathroom, and a separate sitting area. The courtyard of this hotel is absolutely gorgeous. We came back one night around 3:30am and had the entire area to ourselves. How relaxing to sit in such a peaceful setting while finishing our nightcaps. As for the location, it can't be beat. One and half blocks to Bourbon Street and a half block to Jackson Square. We also found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly and encountered none of the problems that some other reviewers indicated. We thought New Orleans was a fantastic city and we will definetly return to the Big Easy and the Place D'Armes.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamesg
<Content>wonderful Place d'armes Hello Tim:I would like to thank you again for making my trip to New Orleans such a wonderful experience. I am already looking forward to returning sometime within the next 12 months. You the staff and the facilities at the Place d'Armes were more than I have ever experienced at any of the hotels I have ever stayed at. If I were to ask for anything more in the way of service or facilities as well as gardens and location I don't know what it could be.The staff really pulled together during the hurricane event and gave the guests the assurance that everything was covered.thank you  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Desmond13
<Content>Great Location This hotel has an unbeatable location. The rooms are varied in style and design. Unfortunately, my room had no windows (#323). It was narrow with a high ceiling. It did, however, hv a walk-in closet which was good. I can't speak for all the rooms but if you're looking for a Holiday Inn-type space keep going. The room was clean but the furniture and decor were well worn. The shower pressure was nearly non-existent, the sink was cracked and there wasn't much lighting. However, the room was adequate and served the purpose for my 5-day stay. Also, if you're into courtyards, this one is really nice. I would have to say that it was a good experience. Again, just ask for a room with windows and don't expect the typical generic hotel room - it adds to your overall French Quarter experience.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vast Improvement Needed Here The only reason I gave it even a 2 rating is because of the excellent location and Dolores at breakfast. We loved being in a nice area and within walking distance to everything. If we had a different room it might have been better, but we had a tiny inside room with a tiny bathroom. We reserved a rollaway bed but were told on arrival that our room couldn't have a rollaway -- only after demanding a different room was the rollaway delivered, and the employee who brought it was quite surly. Other than repeatedly pitching her favorite tours, the desk attendant our first day was uninterested in helping. Not many amenities here, although the price was $219+. Courtyard was pretty but full of biting insects. 10.19.04  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite Place to stay in the Quarter! I have visited New Orleans at least once a year for 20 years, as my mom lives in the Quarter. The Place D' Armes is the most reasonable priced, best located, parking available, well appointed rooms I stay at while there. In fact, if I can't get a room there, I will not visit. The breakfast is excellent, Cresent rolls (only good in New Orleans) and coffee/fresh orange juice. I have actually eaten their breakfast when I have NOT stayed there. Dont' tell anyone, please. The rooms are all a littel different, which makes for an interesting stay occasionally. The rooms are amazingly large. It is only one half block from Jackson Square and 1 block from Cafe Du Monde (the doughnut place). While there, get a shrimp PoBoy at the Royal Street grocery (St. Ann and Royal Street, at the corner) for only 5bucks. It is the best shrimp poboy in the world. I mean that because I am an expert with Shrimp poboys. Johnny's poboys are a close second (Toulouse St and Decatur). Anyway, while in New orleans, don't miss the observation deck at the top of the Royal Orleans hotels at Royal and St. Louis Street..It's above the Pool. You can see all of new Orleans up there and... it's free!!!!!!! Ask the bar there for a rock candy sugar stir stick. They used to have them in 1975 but have since stopped serving them. It drives them crazy when people ask for one... By the way, I am in hotel management, live in Atlanta.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ruby_of_Arran
<Content>Enjoyable stay We have just returned from an enjoyable stay at Place d'Armes Hotel. We had a spacious room overlooking the courtyard. (Note that some internal bedrooms have no windows.)All but one member of staff (a receptionist) were very friendly.We would go back to this wonderfully situated hotel.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Family Stay We stayed in the Place D'Armes the day after Ivan left! The place was empty and so we got what is probably the best room in the place #111. King bed with separate lounge (used as kids bedroom!). With the pool and courtyard on our doorstep, I was extremely pleased.The staff are excellent. Dolores (the Breakfast Lady) has been mentioned a few times on here, and she deserves it. How anyone can be so bright everyday from 6am is just pure New Orleans!Location is superb. We were in NO with a wedding party of 20 dotted around the city and our place became our meeting point, both for its location and the chance to have a drink or two in the splendid courtyard.No problems at all with money stealing, windowless rooms, uncourteous staff, room rates, pool cleansliness. Only problem was my Mum and Dad's room air conditioning was leaking and left a musty smell in the room. #211 I think.When I return to New Orleans, I will be returning to the Place D'Armes.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanilla1217
<Content>Superb!!!!          courtyard  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfully charming hotel in the French Quarter Place d'Armes Hotel in New Orleans is next to Jackson Square Park in the French Quarter. The hotel is preferectly located to be able to enjoy all that New Orleans has to offer. The hotel has lovely rooms and a central court garden with a swimming pool. Continental breakfast is available, and the staff are a perfect example of Southern hospility. I would return to Place d'Armes with out hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In The Heart of the French Quarter I recently stayed at the Place d' Armes Hotel in the French Quarter. The location, service and staff are excellent. It's a wonderful place to experience Southern Hospitality.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimitx
<Content>Horrible Old, nasty room...#222....Wasn't ready at check in time....Smelled very bad... Just a very bad experience  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crooks! Do not go to Valentino Hotels! NEVER book with this hotel!!! Or any of the other Valentino Hotels! Save yourself the ache in your wallet and go anywhere else! I originally booked with this hotel and then inquired about their sister hotel, St. Marie, which didn't have the room I wanted, so I told the operator to cancel all rooms. I called back the next day just to make sure that I was cancelled. Both operators said there was NO CHARGE. I should have gotten the cancellation number, because they charged me for a no-show!!! Over a hundred dollars! I just talked to the manager, who says that his records indicate that I never cancelled. These people are crooks. DO NOT go to any Valentino hotels!!!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting The only way you can stand this hotel is if you have a room with a window facing the courtyard. And the only way you will get that room is if you pay the top asking price! Absolutely do not get stuck in a room with no windows. They are disgusting and full of mold. My entire ceiling was green and black with mold and it was growing out of the vents. I told the front desk that a must move for health reasons and they were not able to accommodate me until the next day. I then moved to a fabulous room overlooking the courtyard. Simply NOT WORTH THE RISK. This place is great if you have a window...a nightmare if you don't.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST LOCATION This has got to be the best location and perhaps the prettiest courtyard in the French Quarter. Yes the rooms can be small, and the air can be humid, but this is New Orleans. This is also the French Quarter, across the street from the cathedral, one block from Cafe du Monde, one-half block from Royal St. and one and one-half block from Bourbon St. The hotel was built in 1725, there is very little turnover in courteous staff, and we keep coming back!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>30 Years at the Place d'Armes My wife and I have been staying at the Place d鈥橝rmes on Ann Street twice a year (August and January) for almost thirty years, Why? First, it has to be the best location in the city, just a few yards from Jackson Square, but on a beautiful and quiet street. Second, the rooms and interior courtyard are pure New Orleans. Next, if you time your visits carefully, you can get a delightful room with parking for less than $100 a night, including breakfast.Finally and perhaps most importantly, the staff is, like the hotel itself, small and friendly. For example, we have exchanged pleasant conversation with the lady that runs the complimentary breakfast room, Miss Delores, for years. Miss Delores, always ready with some local advice about places to eat and things to see, has become an old friend, as pleased to see us again as we are to see her.We have already made reservations for next January.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best, Most Authentic Hotel in the French Quarter The Place d'Armes Hotel is by far the best hotel of the many we have stayed in while visiting the French Quarter area of New Orleans over the years. The hotel has an authentic feel, especially with the beautiful center courtyard, which you won't want to leave. The rooms are comfortable/well-appointed and the staff is very helpful and friendly. It's location is as good as it gets since you are within easy walking distance of most attractions and shopping. It is the first place we look to book a room when visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keendempster
<Content>View room before checking in Friendly staff, but room was damp, dingy and airless. Renovation is taking place but not in the actual rooms as far as I can see. We were in an annexe reaching the room via a dark rickety bare wood staircase (v. dangerous). The swimming pool looked like it was full of gunge from the primordial swamp!! First time I have had to change hotels in all my visits to the US, where I must say standards are usually very high.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! We stayed here for a week the summer of 2003. Really good location! 1/2 block to Jackson Square, 1 1/2 blocks to Cafe DuMonde! We had an upper room facing the inner court - huge room - two queen beds, sitting room, dinette set, small refrig., sink. Loved it! Pool was not available as they were doing some work on the building next to it - but otherwise we really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Rosandra
<Content>Terrific Hotel I brought 37 members of my Choir to New Orleans to sing from 6/24/04-6/28/04. We stayed at the Place D'Armes for 4 nights. We loved everything about the hotel! The rooms were terrific! Some of us had suites or fireplaces in our rooms. The courtyards were lovely. I was impressed that the owner met our bus and personally welcomed us to New Orleans and the hotel. The location is excellent. We really had a feel for the French Quarter with the architecture and ambiance at the Place D'Armes.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Setting but not perfect My wife and I stayed two nights at this hotel in June. We loved aspects of it.The staff was not very friendly. The lady who checked us in was indifferent at best. The nicest people on staff were the cleaning people and the kitchen lady.We reserved a courtyard room a month in advance. We ended up with a room that overlooked the back courtyard, and it was really an alley, not a courtyard. Our little balcony was about two feet from a wall of another building.The inside of the room was passable but the shower was horrible, the room was dark and not as nice as other hotels that we have stayed at. The price was over $200 per night tax included.The location, the pool area and courtyard were beautiful.This could be a great hotel. Since they never answered the letter that I wrote them personally with these concerns, being a great hotel doesn't seem to be part of their agenda.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of possible credit card fraud! I stayed in Place d'Armes in June '04. I had read the two reviews from April about money being stolen, but due to a conference in New Orleans, all other central hotels were booked out. It was the only place I used my credit card while on holidays, and when I got the bill, there had been a purchase made using my card in New Orleans by someone. I strongly suspect hotel staff, as they were the only people with my card details. I believe there is a thief working there and no-one should leave their money or valuables there, or use their credit card there. It is a pity, as it would otherwise be perfect.   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FannyNewfie
<Content>Great location with a Courtyard to die for The Place D'Armes Hotel has definitely sucked me. I find myself wanting to return to New Orleans and right back to the Place D'Armes. The courtyard has a nice pool and lots of little nooks to get lost in the moment. Eat breakfast in the courtyard. My husband and I had a room right on the courtyard. We had a king bed with a seperate sitting area. I highly recommend Rm# 111. As far as the location goes. Well location is everything and Place D'Armes is in a great location. It is one block from Cafe du Monde and right next to St. Louis Catherdral. A block and a half from Bourbon St. makes it easy to get around the French Quarter. La Madelaine Bistro is really close and a great place to have lunch. You are also close to the French Market and the Mississippi. What else can I say!!! See it for yourself and you too will love the Place D'Armes.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay Just back from a 3 night stay. Reserved Deluxe room ended up in Roof View King the 1st night. They moved us to a very nice King with 3 windows overlooking the Pool and courtyard. Staff great with exception of the lady that checked us in (not Friendly at all) Paul the bellman was very helpful from luggage to lunch spot tips. Breakfast lady was very nice. The rolls were just OK but the French Market coffee shop one block up was open early and I walked up for coffee around 5am. What a trip seing Jakson Square at 5am. Half block to Royal and 1.5 blocks to Bourbon Great Location will stay again next time in New Orleans. Wanted to stay a 4th night but they would'nt give us a break($149) on the room rate so we moved near Airport.....  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Justnin
<Content>Get a window and you'll love the view This hotel has received much negative talk from people who didn't score a room with a view. The truth is- the Place D' Armes is in a very old series of buildings that were not all meant to be turned into hotel room properties when they were built. I took a peak into the windowless room of a couple that my parter and I befriended during Jazzfest. That room is smaller and understandably,might make a person who just spent $110 dollars a night feel uneasy.  On the other hand you can't get any closer to the heart of New Orleans than this hotel, so I'd hope that most people didn't spend all their time in their hotel room. Prospect visitors to this hotel should know that booking a room with a courtyard view the best deal in New Orleans and a magical experience. The streetside balconies are wonderful too, but slightly noisy for folks not from an urban environment.This old and charming hotel surpasses what a three star hotel should have, if not just for its superior location, incredible courtyards- and it's gaslamp historic charm. The quality of the rooms are great- expect more than you pay for (with a window) -but don't expect a chocolate on you pillow at night.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenn31
<Content>Fabulous place!! We just returned from a week long stay here. (May4-10) We booked a 2 double bed room with a balcony overlooking the courtyard and the room was huge! Not to mention absoloutly stunning. The beds were extremely comfortable, the balcony was great, the pictures on the website just don't do the hotel or the courtyard justice. The hotel was everything we expected and more. Conntinental breakfast was standard but the coffee was fantastic and the staff were extremely helpful and outgoing.We can't wait to come back and stay here again in 10 months! If anyone has questions or would like pictures of this lovely hotel, please feel free to email me.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't get what you ask for here! Just returned from a week long stay. I placed reservations through Expedia specifically requesting 2 beds. I even called the hotel directly to confirm the reservation  request a room with a courtyard view. Imagine my surprise when we were shown to a room with one bed and a room with one tiny window (that you had to walk down 3 stairs to see out of) with a view of a roof. Other then that our stay was pleasant enough and, once I got used to our room, found it to be very spacious. We did not find the staff to be overly friendly or helpful (other then Dolores in the breakfast room - she was a delight). On the plus side, the location was fabulous, the courtyard was lovely and while the continental breakfast wasn't much it was enough to get your day started.   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good experience Recently got back from a 4 night stay... LOCATION: is fabulous. Between Cafe du Monde and Bourbon St. so there is a fair amount of foot traffic in front of the hotel, even late at night, so I always felt safe walking back to the hotel. Close enough to everything but no street noise problems.SIZE: The room (2 double beds) was a bit small. Fine for two people but it might have been hard to move around in with more people. No windows would have probably made it feel claustrophobic. GROUNDS: Lovely courtyard, just what I pictured. However, if sitting in the courtyard, youll hear the humming of I think air conditioning units; eventually you tune it out but it sort of disturbed the peacefulness of the setting.STAFF: I actually found them to be quite nice. It started raining one day and they were loaning out umbrellas. One desk attendant spent some time helping us to find a club we'd heard about but couldn't find on our maps. We blew a fuse in our room trying to run 2 hair dryers and a curling iron at the same time and 2 people came right up to attend to it. All were friendly as we passed them walking around... Didn't have a problem with the staff.COST: My biggest beef. Seems a little expensive but I think that may partly have been the weekend we went... After walking past the cheaper hotels I was considering, I understand why they were cheaper (looked in bad condition or were far from the action). Be sure to ask for AAA discount even though it's not advertised.To comment on some other postings: I read about the 2 theft problems so I put a lock on my luggage when I had it stored after check out (no reason to give them opportunity) so I didn't have a problem. Actually, the daily tips for housecleaning left on the bedside table were left undisturbed.Towels were scratchy. They are like gym towels so not very soft but very absorbant.Continental Breakfast... skip it. Bad coffee, OJ from a can, somewhat stale crossoints, butter  jam, and way to sugary sticky buns. I agree that it would be great if they had a little fruit, maybe some cream cheese and bagels. After spending every other meal eating southern (aka fried) food, something healthy was much desired.Didn't have any problems with construction... they were doing some touch up painting but that was it.Room temp was fine, a/c and ceiling fan kept it comfortable. Someone else mentioned cigarette smoke... Didn't smell it when we got there, but just a NB: smoking is EVERYWHERE in N.O. (I come from CA where it is banned just about everywhere so it came as a bit of a shock...) I wonder if the other posters room just smelled of second hand smoke When I got home, i had to wash everything I brought, even things I didn't take out of the suitcase because they smelled of smoke. I think if you can't stand cigarette smoke, don't come to the south. I would definitely recommend it to couples and families. There weren't a lot of 20somethings at the time we were there (which I'm sure helped keep things quiet.)  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thief! Don't leave your bags... My stay was nice enough until I had my bag ransacked on Easter Sunday! After checking out, my bags were locked in a room near the front desk. I returned to the hotel to grab an umbrella and my bags were as I left them. When I returned to get my bags and a cab to the next hotel, the same staffer that locked up my bags told me he'd take care of getting my luggage and loading it into the cab. Thinking this was nice of him I gave him a huge tip! It was only when I arrived at the next hotel that I realized my bags had been gone through and money and medication were missing from my luggage. I immediately called the hotel and tried to speak to a manager; I was told they didn't have one. The woman at the front desk could have cared less. Which leads me to believe this has happened before. I left my name and asked for the management to please repond to the situation. I still haven't heard anything! With all the other scams in New Orleans the last thing you want to worry about on vacation is the security and honor of your hotel. In addition, even if you pay for the most expensive room with a balcony, you may end up with a room very different than those pictured on the website. Courtyards are plentiful in New Orleans...stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stolen money This hotel seemed cute  nice. Our room was pleasant enough and opened onto the very pretty courtyard. Unfortunately, I had my spare cash for the two days ($200) in the bottom of my suitcase. We checked in early, leaving our luggage in the locked storage room. We also left our luggage in the storage room after checkout as well. When I arrived home  unpacked, I found that the money had been taken, but the envelope it was in was still in the suitcase. As I did not need to replenish my cash during our one night stay, I know I did not misplace it. The management never returned my very polite phone call to alert them (not even to apologize). If you stay in this hotel, just make sure you use the safety deposit box. I didn't want to as I wanted the money easily accessible... and it was accessible, apparently; just to someone else!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great little place Great little hotel in a terrific Vieux Carre location. A NO courtyard hotel experience - very pleasant. Rooms spacious, housekeeping average. Used parking garage - no problems. Only negatives -- the guest towels were more than a little rough and scratchy and the foam bed pillows of a low quality. Complimentary breakfast lacking protein -- a slice of cheese or a cup of yogurt would have been nice. Sticky buns are not the best way to start the day. If you need a bit of protein try Le Madeleine just down the street -- but get there before 8:50 a.m. or you will wait until 10 a.m. before breakfast comes to the table.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jRudolph
<Content>A wonderful stay My wife and I stayed here for three nights, March 12th-15th 2004. We stayed here a couple of years ago and enjoyed it. This past stay was great, Booked an interior windowless room over the internet for $99.00 a night. A great deal in the land of the $180. + room town. We booked a room with 2 double beds vs. 1 King bed(same price), the king rooms are somewhat smaller. Our room was clean, spatious, good showers, and even being next to the elevator we did not hear anything. If a room with no windows sounds bad, rethink, that 3pm nap you need is great with no light. The front desk staff was great, very helpfull and accommodating,was able to get us in our room at noon,instead of 3pm,a big help. Love this place.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jhiggin72
<Content>Beautiful Hotel and Fabulous Location We were there for two nights the weekend after Mardi Gras. When we first arrived with was after Midnight on Saturday we were greeted by Tyra in the parking garage. Wonderful lady and she welcomed us graciously. Check-in was smooth with a very nice lady who very kindly waived the parking fee for Sunday since it was my birthday celebration. I'm sorry to say I forgot her name maybe Sonia. Our room door was not really designed to prevent noise from coming through. :) That wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't in a high traffic area and located right next to (10 ft from) a construction area. This ended up being a problem Monday morning. We spoke with the manager about it and he was responsive to our issues. He made us feel our patronage was important and even provided a 50% credit back on the cost of the room for Monday night. I will definitely stay here when I return next. He even assures me that they have new more plush towels coming in the near future and will look into weatherstripping the doors in that area for sound purposes. :) Service is everything to me and I can forgive just about any transgression if I believe you are trying. I hope the next time I stay with Place D'Armes I will be giving it an EXCELLENT rating overall but the service was PHENOMENAL, the hotel beautiful, the location was perfect, and eveything was immaculately clean.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elitefreak
<Content>A great little hotel in the French Quarter Just returned from a 3 night stay and the place has a great location. One block from Jackson Square and Cafe Du Monde, and about two blocks past the nightlife part of Bourbon Street. My room was large with a separate sitting area with large sofa and granite coffee table. They are still finishins some renovations in the lobby, but nothing to worry about. They offer a nice continental breakfast each AM. My only gripe is the charges for phone usage. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect romantic getaway My husband booked a room here for a romantic getaway. We live merely an hour away but had to come to New Orleans for a Bachelor/Bachelorette party on Saturday night. I was reluctant to rent a hotel b/c we live so close but my husband insisted that it would be worth it. HE WAS RIGHT!!!! The hotel was the most romantic hotel that I have ever stayed in. I would definetly recommend staying here to anyone looking for a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gatorcard83
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, definately recommended! We stayed here most recently this fall and have stayed here probably 6 or 7 times now visiting New Orleans. In my opinion it is the best hotel to really get the feel of New Orleans. Forget the chains, if you're going to come pony up a little more money and get the true New Orleans feel. The best aspect of this hotel is the location, it is a block away from Jackson Square. It is within very easy walking distance (couple minutes) to Bourbon Street, Royal Street, river, Cafe du Monde, etc. The staff is very courteous and will do anything to make your stay better. We always have requested a room near the quiet courtyard that not many know about and even if we are paying standard rate we always get it. The courtyard and pool areas are very relaxing and easy to spend hours in. The rooms themselves for the most part of large, recently renovated, and some have balconies. The free breakfast has some basic stuff and isn't great if you are starving, but for a lot it will do. The only bad thing about this hotel (nothing really they can do either) is that some of the rooms have no windows and that as of October there was some construction going on. However it will make the place that much nicer and while I was there they only worked from around 9 till 5 or 6 (by the time we were back from the day's activities they were already gone). Plus if you go in an off time don't make a reservation and go to the NO visitor center in Jackson Square and you can get rates for the hotel for as low as $50. Overall though, it's a great hotel and if you want a true New Orleans experience and great location to practically anything, this is a great hotel to stay at. We will continue to stay here for years to come!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EllenA720
<Content>Reeked of tobacco... but great location We arrived during a busy event period and tho reservation made well in advance and request made for non-smoking--we got a big beautiful room that reeked of old tobacco. The windows did not open and the air-conditioning and ceiling fan did nothing to alleviate the air quality--Truly disgusting---the smoke was evident on our clothing for 2 days! My advise: If you get a non-restricted room be sure there's a working window. Great location and price was right---  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic, Great Location, Good Price Today is Saturday November 8th, my husband  I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Place d' Armes  LET ME TELL YOU WE HAD A FABULOUS EXPERIENCE!!! The staff was wonderfuL!! We had a courtyard 'suite' the first nite and it was SO BIG we opted for a smaller room w/no windows but not biggie and they dropped our rate to $69 bucks a nite!!! We were there for my b-day which is tomorrow...but after reading the reviews both good  bad...I would have to say for the $$  the location this HOTEL is first rate. The continental breakfast is perfect especially if you stay out all nite drinkin' on Bourbon St. WHO wants a big breakfast?!! lol The whole staff there deserves a huge THANKS from us for making our stay in N'awlins trouble free  RELAXING. The pics on the web site do not do the COURTYARD JUSTICE...sat there many hours relaxing...WE RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE GOING TO NO looking for a cheap, clean, and centrally located hotel. Don't FORGET to tip your maids!! Thanks Place d'Armes WE'LL BE BACK :)  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kraspa
<Content>Best Long Weekend Ever Just returned from a long weekend stay at the Place d'Armes Hotel. We stayed in rooms 228  229 which had a street balcony. The room had a king bed and a small sitting area. The room looks like it was recently re-done and was very clean. The balcony was extremely large with table and chairs and room for more. The cont. breakfast was good. The courtyard is beautiful with tables and chairs to sit and enjoy your morning coffee or afternoon drink/smoke. The recpetionists were always very pleasant/helpful and we ate some of our best meals at the resturants that they recommended. The location is the best - 2 streets from all the action in every direction!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Impressed!!! I've been to new Orleans several times and actually had reservations elsewhere initially. However, shorty after they were made we were informed that that Hotel woudl be closing for major remodeling. After looking around online I found the Place D'Armes and read the reviews. To make a long story short, I am another customer who wont be staying anywhere else. We got exactly the type of room we wanted (Balcony overlookng the courtyard), the room was spotless, the maids were always respectful of the do not disturb sign - we were never bothered once in teheweek that we were there. Check in was quick and check out was even quicker. The location was supurb. After reading the reviews on here I was expecting to enjoy my stay. aboslutely LOVED my stay (and yes, we were there during construction, also). One downside = they 13% room tax was a bummer. Definately give this place a try! If you don't like it I'll send you the money for a hurricane!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dus
<Content>nice hotel, super location   showReview(1377849, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff and Reservations Desk Need to Learn Customer Service   showReview(1372596, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place d'Armes Robbery   showReview(1341751, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Warned: Renovation Going On!   showReview(1282014, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LollySally
<Content>Wonderful Vacation   showReview(1222641, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location!   showReview(1148350, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AtlDramaMama
<Content>Great hotel...will return!   showReview(1106860, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Loved It!   showReview(1073327, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(1027465, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great summer getaway with kids!   showReview(703751, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2002
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ma le finestre?   showReview(19650281, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PATONETTE
<Content>hotel puant   showReview(17950342, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel nul   showReview(18532504, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

