<Author>iloveNaples
<Content>Great Place but only One Night We stayed here out of pure convience for one night before we left on a two week long Royal Caribbean Cruise. That said, the room had a gorgeous view of Biscayne Bay and it was so close to where the cruise departed from. The service was amazing as usual for FS. The two pools were gorgeous and I loved both of them! One was huge and the other was very relaxing!We were not able to try the restaurant for dinner, but it was excellant for breakfast! For our purpose (pre-Cruise) this was an excellant location. However, going back to Miami for fun, I would rather stay at the Ritz Carlton South Beach because it has a far better location to the beach and shopping/dining...  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JP3CHICAGO
<Content>Luxury in Miami       view of the hotel from the pool deck  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LindaB66250
<Content>The epitome of professionalism I seldom write reviews online however I felt compelled this time to take the time to say thank you to the wonderful staff that made my 5 night stay here just wonderful. From the bell captain to the concierge to the housekeeping staff, everyone was absolutely the epitome of professionalism. I will be certainly to return the next time I visit. Thank you all again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mercedesk
<Content>yes it was perfect let me tell you all you need to know.I've been several times to miami before, each time different hotel: hilton, mandarin oriental, conrad, sofitel. that was the first time to the 4 season miami and this hotel is so far with mandarin the best hotel for me in this area; the hotel location is ok but not the best ideal one (it's on brickell, business area, a lot of building construction); teh hotel ot self is perfect (service++, staff very nice and attentive), the room are nice (confortable bed, big bathroom), the service xtra (spa, sport club, hair saloon) are perfect.in brief, this hotel is absolutly one of the best of miami and yes you can go your eyes close believe me!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snoodlefish
<Content>Excellent service After a long and troublesome journey from London arriving at the Four Seasons made it all worthwhile immediately. I was obviously tired and while my partner was checking in I was taken to the room to freshen up. After a long hot shower in the extremely well appointed bathroom I felt soooo much better. Everything was spotless and top quality.The pool area was fabulous. The staff keeping us topped up with iced water, coming round with chilled face cloths and watermelon every now and again was a nice touch.The martinis before dinner were superb.Have just booked our 3rd stay pre and post cruise.It's a cab ride away from South Beach but well worth it.There's a great breakfast place round the corner if you don't want to pay Four Season prices for coffee.Everyone should stay at a Four Seasons at least once!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fitzy2
<Content>Relaxation central! This hotel was amazing - from the minute we arrived outside to the minute we left it was pure luxury. The staff were friendly but discrete, the hotel itself was lovely, the rooms were just like the hotels pictures - spacious, clean, luxurious. The bathroom was massive!! And the biggest bonus was a gorgeous pool on the 7th floor with great poolside service - I was never as relaxed in my life. The concierge gave us great advice about going out, including VIP passes to our choice of savage nightclubs in south beach. Overall, I could not recommend this hotel enough for a stay in miami.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>newyorklover123
<Content>Great place Stayed here one night before departing on a cruise, close to where we boarded. Beautiful room with ocean view. Two fabulous pools and a great restaurant for dinner. I would defiantly go back.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lancerodman
<Content>Very nice This is a very, very nice hotel, with wonderful staff. My wife and I stayed for two nights in August and were very satisfied with our stay, and would gladly return. We were in a 鈥渂ay view鈥?room, and I would concur with another reviewer who said that the 鈥渂ay view鈥?room isn鈥檛 all that great. While you can see the bay, in between the bay and the hotel are a number of condominium-type buildings, as well as big parking lots. So the view is far from breathtaking (I didn鈥檛 see the 鈥渃ity view,鈥?so can鈥檛 comment on that), and it didn鈥檛 help that the exterior of our hotel window was very much on the dirty side.The pool is real selling point (even if you鈥檙e somewhat surrounded by those condo buildings). It鈥檚 big, long (34 meters) lots of nice chairs, great staff, and free cabanas. If you're looking for South Beach-style bling, this isn't your place. If you鈥檙e choosing between the Four Seasons and the Mandarin, the pool at the Four Seasons is far superior. Much bigger, and with much more space around it. Similarly, having access to the Sports Club/LA at the Four Seasons is a big plus, as there are lots of classes offered. We ate breakfast in Acqua twice and found it excellent both times. My wife got a massage in the spa, and said it was very nice, though very pricey ($300, with tip, for 80 minutes).  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>abkrm
<Content>Excellent Hotel I absolutely loved this hotel, the service was wonderful and I would never stay anywhere else. When we were planning our trip we didn't know where to stay, we visit Miami a lot and didn't want to stay in Southbeach so we decided on the Four Seasons. Since it was our anniversary they gave us a free upgrade to a beautiful suite with strawberries and bottled water all complimentary. The room was very clean, the whole hotel in general was in great shape. One word of advice, before considering getting room service or eating at the pricey hotel restaurant, keep in mind there is a small food stand by the gym, they have breakfast and sandwiches and salads, very good deal. There is also a restaurant by the exit to the parking garage that has all you can eat breakfast and lunch for less than $10, the food is great.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Belli24
<Content>Fabulous Four Seasons! Just got back from the Four Seasons for our honeymoon and had an amazing time. From the moment we walked into the hotel, everyone treated us like royalty. I don't think they ever say no to anything that you ask for! Since it was our honeymoon and I informed them ahead of time, they placed a plate full of chocolate covered strawberries in our room when we arrived and a nice note. It was really a nice touch. We booked our room online for $275/night through the hotel's website with the 5th night free. I thought it was a good deal for how nice of a property you get. Even though we paid for the rack rate room (a city view) we were given a room with a partial bay view bc it was our honeymoon and I asked. When we got to the room, I saw that it was next to a large crane, so I asked to be moved. They were gracious in accommodating us and gave us an upgrade to a full bay view. It was gorgeous and we loved waking up each morning to a beautiful view. The rooms were not huge and could use a little updating (I was surprised that a 5 star hotel doesn't have flat screen TVs-- but then again, who goes to Miami to sit in their room and watch TV??). The bathroom was amazing-- all marble, a separate tub and shower and beautiful granite vanity. Overall, I would agree with earlier posts that this is a great hotel if you want to hang out by the pool. It might have one of the best hotel pools in Miami. The pool service was great. We never had trouble getting a cabana because the poolside area was not crowded. This makes a big difference if you are looking for a tranquil, quiet setting while you sunbathe (other hotel pools are crowded and you have to fight for a lounge chair). Beware that the pool side drinks and food do come at a price! $13 for a drink. We just went to the grocery store and bought some things to take down to the pool. We also liked that the pool was open 24 hrs a day, so you can take a late night dip if you like. Another nice feature is the use of the gym, which has classes and exercise equipment. The only cons I can think of are:--Food is expensive--Valet parking is also expensive (33/nt)--You need a car to get around town. Note that you are *not* in South Beach, but in the downtown financial district. I didn't mind the drive, I actually preferred being away from all the craziness of SoBe and just going there for dinner. Overall, an awesome experience.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ziggydssp
<Content>The Good and the Bad We just completed a seven night stay at the Four Seasons in Miami. Overall we were pleased with the stay but felt the hotel did not live up to our expectation of service from a Four Seasons Hotel. Noone ever addressed us by name. I thought that was a signature for Four Seasons Hotels. The service is definitely on the cold side except for the hardworking pool attendants. They worked very hard and were always asking us if everything was okay and if we needed anything. They were just great. Housekeeping left a lot to be desired, especially considering the usual standards of Four Seasons Hotels. We asked on numerous occassions that the dirty glasses in our room be replaced but time and after time they forgot and we had to call and ask again. One day they cleaned the room and forgot to replace the toilet paper. On some days they forgot to leave bath gel. The room was spotless but they were quite forgetful. We had asked that the mini bar be emptied and they emptied it but they also locked it so we could not store anything. We had to call the front desk to have it unlocked. One morning we were awakened in error by a wake up call that was meant for another room. They apologized for the error. The hotel lobby and pool grounds are beautiful. The rooms are medium size, well appointed, and views are okay, nothing too great. There is construction going on next to the hotel and there are two big construction cranes. We could see one of the cranes from our room. The food and drinks at the pool were pretty good but nothing fabulous. Free use of the pool cabanas is a nice touch. I did not see anyone using the pool with the palm trees in it. They never offered to set our chairs up in that pool as it pictured on the web site photos. The pool with the palm trees is much smaller that you would think from looking at the web site photos. The hotel is a great respite from the constant action on South Beach. Every time I entered the hotel I felt like I was in my own sanctuary. Very quiet, great smells fill the air, it really is a relaxing environment. Free bottles of water at the valet desk and use of hotel umbrellas is also a nice touch. We went to the health club on a few days, it is very large and seems to have all the equipment one could need. The views of the city are nice, expect for the building across the stree that is under construction. We spent a lot on cabs, but felt the cab service we received was very good. We secured a great room rate throught Travelocity, we paid $200/night for all seven nights. We enjoyed our stay but really have to say that we were disappointed that the hotel did not meet our preconceived notion of Four Seasons service standards.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Veryfussy
<Content>Great choice for Miami I thought that being in the financial district downtown might be a problem but it turned out to be a great location. It was easy to travel to SoBe, Key Largo and other areas of Miami by hire car but great to return to the luxury of the hotel. The service, as with all Four Seasons, was great . The room was the most basic category but it was comfortable and quite luxurious with a good city/bay view. The pool area was good with views of the city skyline. Breakfast was quite expensive but in my experience beautifully prepared and generous portions. We went to some good restaurants in Mary Brickell Village that were recommended by the concierge e.g. Oceanaire (fish/seafood/steak) and Peccinores (Italian) . These were a short walk from the hotel and were good and reasonably priced.Had a great time in Miami and the Four Seasons made a big contribution to the enjoyment.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jrankw
<Content>Nice hotel but.... The hotel is located in downtown Miami, conveniently located near Miami Beach and Coral Gables shopping (Merrick Park). The decor and service are great although nothing spectacular, that is nothing that a large commercial chain isn't. The pool is fantastic, the rooms nice, especially the bathroom decor and L'Occitane toiletries. However, the only sever downside was the room service food. The food was just way below average, in fact terrible. Rock hard bread for a sandwich and spongy pancakes for breakfast really made me question my choice of hotels. Everything else was good.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>jenki
<Content>Just bliss.... Stayed here with my partner in April. The staff and service were just fantastic. We were initially concerned about where to book in miami because of some of the review of hotels in the area, ie South Beach etc, hence we booked the Four Seasons. It did not disappoint. From the start all staff were nothing but helpful, friendly and could not do enough for you. The pool is outstanding and the staff around the pool are the same, constantly filled iced water, watermelon and lovely smoothies!! Just loved it!!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Likit7848
<Content>Great rooms  I just spent 3 nights at the Four Season Miami and I highly recommend it. The rooms are spacious and bathrooms to die for.I had a package overnighted to me and the hotel staff was on top of it the entire time and even tracked me down to let me know it had arrived. In typical Four Seasons style they go above  beyond and will try to cater to any request.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jangNY
<Content>Great Pool, decent service If you're looking for a place to just relax and sit in the sun, this is a great hotel. The pool area is large and when we were there (mid april) not too crowded at all. The pool-side service was pretty decent (not as good as other Four Seasons I've been too) but it wasnt bad at all. The food was good, but like anywhere, gets old after a few days. Warning: this is out of the heart of the action, downtown Miami is practically a ghost town. If you want action, do not stay here! But South Beach is an easy 15 minute cab ride ($30 each way).The room was very nice but standard. One king bed. sort of small, great bath. Ask for an upgrade. Who knows?  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ravenduffer
<Content>Very Good Service Friendly and professional service on par with or better than the Ritz Keybiscayne, Ritz Southbeach, and Ritz Coconut Grove. The Four Seasons two hotel guest pools are large enough for relative privacy in the low season. The pool area is much larger than the Mandarin Oriental's small infinity pool. There were more children than expected in main pool area, and children are segregated to one pool the Ritz Keybiscayne. There is no beach, and the Brickell area is quiet. Housekeeping had a few hiccups which they promptly fixed when we called. My wife loved her massage, and the gym is excellent. Expect a $30 cab to SOBE where we had a superb dinner at OLA in the Sanctuary. The location is fantastic if you have business in Miami, just be aware of the distance if you want to be in the thick of it in SOBE.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sophie71
<Content>Great getaway A great hotel for a quick getaway for some sun. We stayed at the Four Seasons for 3 days and it was perfect. Amazing pool, great service, nice, spacious rooms. Kid friendly.The hotel is in the business district so the neighborhood isn't 'happening' but there are some great restaurants within 3-5 block radius of the hotel so you aren't stuck with hotel restaurants only.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MSBulldog
<Content>A nice stay. My wife and I recently returned from a week-long stay at the Four Seasons Miami. First of all, as has been mentioned in many of the reviews, the hotel is in the Brickell Business area, which is essentially shut down after 5 PM during the week and is equally deserted on the weekends. This made for a very quiet stay, despite the fact the hotel was hosting participants in a Latin music awards program. For eating and other activities outside the hotel, however, there are limited choices. Cab rides to Coral Gables, Cocconut Grove and South Beach are likely if you stay as long as we did. You can use the metromover and metrorail systems to get around as well. The hotel lobby and rooms are very nice, exceptionally clean, and consistent with the Four Seasons we have stayed in elsewhere. The valet, bellservice, and housekeeping personnel are very nice although some language barriers do exist. We found the concierge service to be friendly but inconsistently helpful. Some of the best recommendations came from the bellmen and room service staff. The room service food was good and we were given prompt, polite attention. The pool is very nice and we were able to obtain a cabana for shade without difficulty. The servers poolside were friendly but occasionally not very attentive. Overall, I would recommend staying at the Four Seasons if business required you to be in this part of the city.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>nyluxe
<Content>A tranquil stay at the Four Seaons Miami I stayed at the Four Seasons Miami for 4 nights in late January 2008 and I chose the property because it was close to the start of the ING Half Marathon I was running.The lobby was beautiful and filled with the fragrance of fresh flowers. We were greeted by a friendly front desk staff with an expedient check in. Our corner room was huge and had two window seats which were great for just sitting back and taking in the view of the bay (there was also a city view but honestly it wasn't that great). The beds were comforable and clean. One thing that struck me immediately was the absence of a flat screen TV. Other Four Seasons in which I've stayed in have had them.. but that's a small luxury that was missing.The concierge was amazing and helped us get around. If you stay here you will most likely need help because the hotel is really not near anything. The cab to south beach was $25 each way and there are not a lot of dining/recreation options in the vicinity. I had an amazing trip and would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>psnelman
<Content>Great decor and wonderful atmosphere Everything was perfect for our stay. The only niggle was the beds were too soft. I prefer a firm bed but it's a minor point. Otherwise perfect. I highly recommend the 4 Seasons in Miami  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nycplat
<Content>Don't pay for "bay" view, but staff great This is a beautiful, modern property, and the Four Seasons staff is seamless and charming as you would expect.One major warning: do not let yourself pay extra for a 'bay' view superior room. The vast majority of those rooms are on the hotel's south side, and your 'bay' view is of an older condominium building and...if you look far enough to the left, a glimpse of the bay.Only a few of these bay view rooms are on the east side of the building directly overlooking the water. Ironically, these rooms cost the same as the south facing 'bay' rooms.This was a major disappointment, and the staff mentioned many guests are disappointed by this. Unfortunately, they did not come up with any recommendations to fix the situation.Would have been happy with the stay had I just booked a regular city view room for a lower price.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ammts28
<Content>A Great Stay       Bay view from our room  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveller123London
<Content>Good for business or holiday Four Seasons Miami is in the heart of Miami's downtown business district - great for business travellers but not where most tourists to Miami would ideally want to be, as there are no beaches, shopping areas, etc. within walking distance. However, we were pleasantly surprised - the pool area of the hotel is a destination in itself and the downtown location actually gives the hotel a more sophisticated and exclusive feel than you would get at a more typical holiday resort type hotel. The downtown location also didn't feel isolated - there are actually several good restaurants as well as a good Publix supermarket within walking distance so if you feel like feel like having a meal outside of the hotel or picking up some essentials it is easy to do. As one would expect from a Four Seasons, the hotel was 5-star quality - the highlight is the beautiful pool area with lots of private canopy areas so you can easily get your own canopy to spend the day under. Pool staff are very attentive - you can order drinks or food from them and they will serve you at your canopy or lounge chair. The outdoor bar area by the pool is very nice and is a must either during the day or evening - they serve lunch during the day and bar food in the evenings. On the negative side, the main hotel restaurant, Acqua, was disappointing. Food quality was sub-par and the fusion style food on the menu didn't work. Other slight negatives were that one day part of the pool area was closed for a private reception - they didn't tell us this when we booked or checked in. The outdoor bar was also closed to hotel guests one evening due to being booked for a private event. As a paying customer in a 5-star hotel you should expect to be able to use all of the main facilities all of the time. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for not only business travellers but also holiday travellers to Miami - particularly if you can get a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	2	

<Author>johron
<Content>Solid place - at the right rate it麓s womderful We have stayed here half a dozen times or so and consider it one of the top choices in Miami. We have also stayed at the following hotels in Miami: Doral, Fairmont Turnberry, The Raleigh, Loews, Ritz Carlton Key Biscayne, Astor, Beach House Bal Harbour, Shore Club, The National, and The Sagamore. The Four Seasons is the best of those. It's location might seem off, but really is not. It's easy to get to South Beach, to Coral Gables, and to the Design District. I rather preferr the quiet location in the down town business district, even for leisure stays.The pool is great, as are the rooms. The staff is friendly, but not quite up to normal Four Seasons standards. Many maids, for instance, do not speak English.At the right rate, this hotel is hard to beat, and they often post specials on their web sites that are remarkably good. Sometimes you can also get a better rate by calling the hotel directly. But the overall best deal, you are most likely to get by booking throgh the Coral Gables travel specialist What A Hotel. In January 2008, throgh What A Hotel, we got a suite and a double at slightly more than half the price offered at the Four Seasons home page.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Clefsdorsf
<Content>Its all about the Service! The Four Seasons Miami did everything right. Its expensive--no way around it--but when you leave--you are completely satisfied. The staff is warm and welcoming and every request is met with a smile. The Chef Concierge --Carlos makes your every wish come true. My partner was celebrating a birthday--and everywhere we turned--we were met with Happy Birthday wishes. Its that sort of magic that makes you want to return again and again. Dinner in Acqua was superb--and the hotel is the ultimate in stylish and elegant. A perfect stay.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnshen65
<Content>Great weekend getaway Went back to the Four Seasons in December with family for a quick four day break before the holidays. Valet parking was efficient (had a rental car which is necessary in this area). Valet parking was great, car was always there when I called ahead).Check-in was also efficient. Booked a deluxe bay suite for my wife and 3 1/2 year old son. Room was very large and spacious. 1 king bed in bedroom with sofa and couch in living room. Only regretted that they only had one DVD and it was only in bedroom and not in living room. Brought some movies along so son watched them in bed which was ok. I guess I could have asked for another DVD player but wasnt worth it at the time. We had room service for breakfast the first morning. I was disappointed that food wasn't that hot and scrambled eggs for my son tasted like they were powdered. Bill was over $70 so though it could have been better. Recommend having breakfast in restaurant downstairs as food was better. Also had a very nice lunch in the restaurant (desert was very good). For dinners, we made our way to South Beach so can't comment on the dinners.Swimming pool is heated and my son had a great time. Pool valets set up your chairs and brought water, etc. We had a few snacks one day and it was quite good. The salads are light and refreshing.Overall, we had a great time and would go back. South Beach was so crazy (traffic was terrible) that we were glad to come back to the Four Seasons at night.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DNewYork
<Content>Not Quite There Overall--This is a Four Seasons, so the rooms were beautiful and the public spaces were quite elegant. However, the hotel has several service issues that are perplexing. These inconsistencies could be a bit maddening.Room--Very spacious and pleasant. Terrific marble bathrooms and the best part is the window seat, which allows guest to feel as though they are perched above the city while enjoying the sun. I felt like a lucky cat.Maid Service--Clean and to the point. Nothing out of the ordinary, but no complaints here.Food--Very good food for room service and very good food at the restaurant.Pool Area--Very open and relaxing and huge space.Gym--One of the best parts of the hotel. The gym is the LA Sports club, which has everything one needs.Service--Here I have to admit there were a few snafus. There was the reservation issue with Platinum AMX, which consisted of rate confusion and whether or not our card was supposed to be charged ahead of time. These issues were resolved, but not without a headache. Then there was the issue of me asking the concierge is he could suggest a catering service for a small party we were having at an apartment in South Beach. The guy never even called back with information or an explanation that he could not help us. Normally I would understand these small missteps, but at the Four Seasons? My experiences at their other properties were antithetical to this. In short, they need to work on service. Comparison to Mandarin Oriental--Two weeks after my stay at the Four Seasons, my partner and I spent a week at the Mandarin. Alas, the Four Seasons did not even come close to that experience.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	2	5	

<Author>SantaMonicaMax
<Content>Loved the Four Seasons This was the second time that I have stayed at this hotel. I loved it the first time and thought the second was just as good.The rooms, as you would expect, were spotless. The beds were extremely comfortable and due to the height of the building the room had a pretty stunning view of Miami!Although it was in October it was still warm enough to enjoy the pool. The staff were very attentive as we lounged in our cabana's.The concierge was very helpful also in organising an off the cuff trip to the Everglades to have a tour on one of the air boats. It was great fun and I highly recommend it!The one downside of this hotel is it's location. It's miles away from South Beach and takes 20 - 30 mins to get there depending on the traffic. If your plans in Miami do not involve mad nights out in South Beach then this is the place for you, if it does expect to fork out a few dollars in cab rides!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Micky87
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel. This hotel has the best rooms and spas I have ever seen. I cant explain it because it is so perfect. I had the some of the best food ever. VISIT THIS HOTEL. I would also recommend the Sofitel Miami.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>investr
<Content>Fantastic Experience Our 5-night stay at the Four Seasons was fantastic. The one-bedroom Bayview Suite had a great view, beautiful interior, and excellent layout. The hotel was also quite, the staff extremely nice and helpful, and valet parking of our car was efficient. All very different from what you encounter at the noisy, hip, remodeled old hotels on S. Beach.Had dinner one night at Acqua restaurant and really enjoyed it.We traveled to Miami many times over the years, and have found this hotel, the Mandarin Oriental,  the Ritz-Carlton Coconut Grove to be our clear favorites.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SSS2005
<Content>Up to the mark... We spent 6 night at the Four Seasons in their Suite. We travelled with a 18 mth old daughter and all 3 of us enjoyed ourselves. The hotel staff went out of their way to ensure we were comfortable and no request was too small to service with a smile. The staff in the restaurant knew exactly what we were going to order for our daughter by the second day. Their swimming pool was fantastic. The hotel is definately a business hotel but there is no reason why a family cannot enjoy themselves there too. It's very conveniently located (just of I-95) and 20mins from the airport. We would definately be heading back there the next time in Miami.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler1896
<Content>Four Seasons -- Very Nice But Could Be Better My wife and I spent Thanksgiving week at the Four Seasons in Downtown Miami. The downtown area is a bit of a ghost town at night. A few towers sit dark  empty. Others remain under construction. However there鈥檚 some life sprouting-up in the area. New restaurants  bars, along with a great basketball arena  a beautiful opera house are bringing some much-needed energy to a long-neglected part of town.The Four Seasons is certainly doing its part to build on that momentum. Located in the tallest building in Miami, the hotel is sleek  modern. The lobby is visually stunning with its high ceilings  stylish decor. It even smelled nice 鈥?like an English garden after a spring rain. Sports Club LA is located here too  guests have access to the gym which is a huge plus. Our room was very comfortable with impressive skyline views. The swimming pool is located on the 7th floor. The setting is perfect. A large outdoor pool along w/a Jacuzzi  a wading pool w/palm trees. It鈥檚 an oasis among the high rises! However we concluded that the service at the Four Seasons didn鈥檛 quite match-up to its beautiful setting. We base this assessment also on previous stays at other FS hotels. We hope FS Miami will take the following points as constructive criticism! Overall, our stay at the Four Seasons was very good but not excellent. For one thing, the pool could use a facelift. Parts of the pool has paint chipping  I detected several noticeable cracks along the perimeter of the pool. The patch-up job done on some of the cracks looked very sloppy. The maid service was unsatisfactory. For example, the maids were chintzy with the shampoo  conditioner. We had to call  ask for extra bottles a couple of times. Then things started to mysteriously disappear from our room. First it was the waste paper basket in our bathroom. Then it was the Do Not Disturb sign (which was last seen INSIDE our room). We laughed it off at first. I mean, we never experienced hotel staff allegedly stealing hotel items! But it became irritating because none of the items mentioned were returned or replaced. Finally, in other Four Seasons establishments, we always found little treats on our pillow; a strategically-placed bookmark on the book sitting on the bedside table or toiletries arranged symmetrically by the sink. These Four Seasons touches were conspicuously missing. My wife  I started to think that maybe we were placed in a section of the hotel which was relegated for less-desirable travelers. We started calling our floor the 鈥淥rbitz Floor.鈥?In conclusion, we believe a few minor improvements would bring the Miami branch up-to-par with the excellence that the Four Seasons is known for. We'll continue to stay at the Four Seasons domestically  internationally.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	2	4	

<Author>andyfromtoronto
<Content>Just go and enjoy it... Soak it in... - the beds are heaven- Afternoon tea was wonderful, the desserts were a treat, sandwiches were delicious, service impeccable- chicken soup was wonderful and great for my mild cold- Service overall was impeccable, informative, resourceful, had everything at their fingertips, made all reservations for us, ready to deliver bandaids, scissors etc to our room, speedy service- Pool was lovely- door-men were friendly and helpful, always ready to help us with taxisBars in the area - Novacento closes early around 2ish? but Blue Martini was fantastic, they took great care of us ther and treated us VIP all the way... 100% recommend itGift shop was nice, i bought beautiful cufflinks and a sparkly ring... The lady who worked there was semi-helpful...The neighborhood and hotel are peaceful, a complete contrast to the South Beach neighborhood and hotel we were in previously...I have no tips or further notes... staying there was perfect, and we required nothing... just go and enjoy it... soak it in...  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>roar_03
<Content>Excellence in Miami! (Didn't think it was possible) I usually go to Miami a few times a year. For some reason I have never stayed at the FS, I have to ask myself why?Having stayed at the Conrad next door and several hotels in South Beach I can say this is the best i have experienced in Miami. (Although i have not stayed at the Mandarin Oriental)The hotel is lovely. The lobby and particularly the Botero sculptures are magnificant.We stayed in a premier bay view room - Great views of the bay, well executed color scheme and the usual tasteful FS bathroom. If you have a choice get a bay view room. Looking back at the city is not great. Much of Miami downtown is a construction site.Service was excellent. Everyone remembered and pronounced my rather long last name. The restaurant Aqua is pretty good. My mother is a vegetarian- they had no trouble accommodating her requests. The wine list is good and reasonable for a FS.The pool area is well designed and landscaped. The staff is attentive.There is one downside. If you stay here have a car. There is nothing to do downtown that you can walk to. Shop and eat in south beach walk around on lincoln road but stay here.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KSergey
<Content>Palm Trees In the Sky With Jasmine.       The Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mikenj13
<Content>Loved the Four Seasons Consistently great.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelDIVA3
<Content>good hotel -- bad timing The Hotel room was great....unfortunately we traveled during the wrong time of the year, arrived on the first day of hurricane season.The restaurant was good, i'm sure during high season it's wonderful. Hotel did try hard, restaurant the air conditioned is turned up so high they provide the ladies with pashminas. Lots of Latino celebrities staying and dining there, I even met my music hero!Service is good...very Four Seasons,,,,great service and location...  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>srayburn
<Content>Perfect Four Seasons Hotel Miami We had a beautiful time at the Four Seasons Hotel in Miami. Our party consisted of two adults and two children, aged 16 and 3. The pool was a great feature, with the large shallow pool being a big hit w/ our toddler. The 16 year old appreciated the pool side cabanas and all of us loved the great service. Concierge service was excellent, they sent us to some great restaurants. The room and bathroom were wonderful, we had a corner room with water and city view. My only complaint would have to be with the quality of food at the pool side grill... not what it should be for the money and location. Overall I would recommend the hotel to a friend and would stay again in a heartbeat... hope to be back soon.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annielovestotravel
<Content>Another terrific stay at the Four Seasons From start to finish, a terrific stay at the Four Seasons. While technically not in the thick of the scene, this hotel has nothing to apologize for. South Beach is a mere 10 minutes by car, and frankly, at the end of a long day, it was nice to retire to a hotel that wasn't full of raging 22-year-olds. We considered the Setai as an alternative, but found the Four Seasons had larger rooms and a little less attitude. The restaurant, Acqua, was lovely. Had dinner and breakfast there, and both were flawless. To give you a sense of just how good they are--my traveling companion wore a black dress to breakfast one morning and they made sure to give her a black napkin--god forbid a white napkin leave lint on her! It's just those little touches that make the Four Seasons stand out. We were upgraded to a room on a high floor with a view of the bay. Stunning. Our room even had a little window seat area, where I read my morning paper each day and ate some of the fresh fruit they had left for us. The bathrooms are enormous and have all the amenities you expect--the plush and plentiful towels, the soft and cuddly bathrobes, the L'Occitane products, and always a full stock of cotton balls and Qtips.There were more than enough hangers of every variety in the closet, and plenty of drawer space for your clothing. The valet service was flawless (prompt, friendly and always willing to give accurate directions) and they always offered us a much-needed bottle of ice-cold water as we departed and returned to the hotel.The concierge was terrific. We wanted to purchase gifts for friends who live in Miami and they sent us to all the right boutiques--exactly what we were looking for. Finally, and I know this will sound weird, but the hotel had a great smell. Yes, I said smell. I don't know if they're pumping extra oxygen in the hotel, or if they have some sort of fragrance system in place, but it always smelled fresh and clean and airy. It was so lovely to come home to that each day.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saintba
<Content>Pure Luxury I've always had great experiences in the Four Seasons chain. This was no exception. I only booked one night here as I was flying from Madrid back to Buenos Aires via Miami. I routed the trip through Miami so I could do some shopping before I came back to South America (I live in Buenos Aires). I was very tired after the trip from Madrid and the time zone difference and 9 hour flight. I rented a car and hit the hotel.The hotel is very nice and I'd recommend booking a room with a view. The hotel is no on the beach but they have some good views. The bathroom amenities are especially nice. The service as usual at the Four Seasons chain is very good.The gym and spa which I used were very very nice and although it's pricey (about u$s 400 per night) for a nice suite it's worth it.I'd gladly stay here again. A very nice property with helpful and courteous employees.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ServiceFiend
<Content>Service is Available in Miami After All I was at this hotel just this past weekend as a wedding guest. I live in Miami but since there were tons of events surrounding the wedding and our out-of-town friends were in the hotel, my husband and I decided to indulge.Some previous reviewers of this hotel mentioned its location. Yes, it is not on the beach but the reality is, who cares? When visiting Miami, you ought to have a car as there is no public transportation and taxis are expensive and horrible. So, rent a car and if you must, drive to the beach. I much rather sit by their pool area and enjoy Four Seasons service -- Evian spritzes, frozen fruit, the whole thing. This is a city hotel but between the gym, spa and huge pool area, you are bound to feel as if you are in a resort. But most importantly, service, that missing link in Miami, abounds at this hotel. Poolside service was on the mark and servers at the outdoor bar were great, despite the busy friday night crowd. Concierge was helpful and the housekeeping ladies all smiles. dined at the restaurant and the food was lovely. The service was timid but friendly. Shopping at Village of Merrick Park is 15 minutes away and in the evening, drive to Miami Beach to people watch and to do whatever people do out there. South Beach is fun in small doses. When you check in for the night, you will be happy to have chosen to stay away from that mayhem.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aridoberman
<Content>Not up to other Four Seasons When I contacted the property to book a room I was treated very well. Not the same when we arrived at the hotel. The room was not ready well after check in time and the guy at the front desk had some attitude that I didn't like at all, probably because I look younger than I really am and he thought he was dealing with a kid on spring break. Kid or not, they should treat everybody with courtesy and respect, what everybody else in the hotel did, especially the maids of the floors that are great, always smiling and do a great job. Leave them a few $ each day of your stay, they deserve it, because cleaning rooms is not the nicest job to do.The pool area is very disappointing, contrary to what most of the reviews says. One of the pools was out of service and it looked very sad to look at. The gym is complimentary and nice, but not as good as the Four Seasons' gym of San Francisco.The rooms are nice, but in the pics of the hotel, they look much better. The bathroom is very nice and spacious.If you pay more than $200/night, I don't know if you will be satisfied or not.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	2	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Iloveboutiquehotels
<Content>Spectacular View, consistent service This is my second time staying at this hotel and since my second stay was just as good as the first stay back in June 2004 I think it's worth writing a review. Despite the fact that Four Seasons Hotels tend to have a cookie cut feel for many of their hotels, this one felt different! The room was very similar to their newer properties, especially the bathroom with L'Occitane amenities. However what sets them apart from other Four Seasons is their sports club. They have every single equipment you can think of and classes running all day. I wish I had more time to workout... the rest of my spare time was spent by the pool where friendly staff brought me frozen fruit. I loved the twice daily room refresh, I'm embarrassed to say I took the big bath soap to take home and found they replaced that when I returned to my room in the afternoon!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>H0telGuru
<Content>Splendid ! Don't stay anywhere else This hotel is amazing. Although not on the beach, it is in a pretty nice area of Brickell, right by the bay. The hotel looks brand new, has an amazing lobby with beautiful art, just exudes luxury. The pool, ah, the pool. Probably the best pool in Miami, huge, very classy and oasis like. and the best hotel gym in Miami, period.The rooms are great, not huge, but very very comfortable and classy, well decorated, and with incredible bathrooms. Have had a great stay, and will come back. If you want luxury and pampering without the craziness of SoBe (but being able to enjoy SoBe with a short drive), stay here.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ACPACPACP
<Content>interesting expirience At the For Seasons Miami you a rather renting a condo as a hotel room. The whole building is designed for condos, which they even sellto you. For unknown reasons to me, things worked out that they made a hotel out of it.So this is the upside on this hotel, the 'rooms' are HUGE (at least mine was). Unbeatable price-squarefeet ratio.The downside was, that service was rather condo-style than hotel-style: The 'Minibar' (in fact a fullsize refrigrator in a fully staffed kitchen) wasn't refilled once in our 3 nights-stay, and even not charged at checkout. They simply forgot about it.A matter of taste was the design of the lobby and the rooms, some might like the minimalistic grey style around, I found it too cold.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>lagniappe34
<Content>Fabulosity at its Finest I was here on business in June and I loved it. For me and my travelling party, it was the perfect marriage of a hotel that could accommodate our business needs, yet provide nice respites and relaxation when we needed it. First off, I LOVED the decor. The lobby is just so elegant. The floral arrangements, the art all so my liking. I also really liked the rooms, not so much for the decor, as I actually found them rather plain, but for the design and layout. I loved the space of the bedroom area with teh closets, but I FELL IN LOVE with the bathrooms. It is my idea bathroom for me. I loved the bath/shower layout side by side. The vanity and sink were perfect. Ideal size for all of my stuff I take with me. I loved the fact they had a ledge running below the mirror so that I could put my makeup, night cream, etc. on it, so that the sink area wasn't so cluttered (pet peeve of mine). The pool area is DIVINE. Perhaps my favorite pool area in the world. The main pool is HUGE, large enough to handle a lot of people. But there is also a nice wading area, a nice hot tub both of which are great. The landscaping is beautiful, really lush and tropical. I also loved the private cabanas, so nice. The room service food I thought was incredibly average. Enormously so. I paid $25 dollars for a salad with lettuce greens and 2 tomato slices. I was frustrated after I ate. We were working so much and didnt get time to break for lunches and that was tough. They made up for it with the cocktails, though. They make a Bubbly Mojito made with champagne instead of rum and it is my absolute favorite cocktail in the world. Great thing is the gym. Hotel guests have privileges at the Sports Club LA right next door which is just outstanding. Overall, great stay, loved the hotel, the amenities and mojitos.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beatoangelico
<Content>not the best 4 seasons excellent communal areas, beautiful pool (the staff is very attentive), nice staff at the concierge.Bad aspects: not on the beach, not in South beach (where the real social life is).room (we had a junior suite) confortable but a little impersonal.Big complains about the housekeeping: after breakfast we returned in to the room and the staff was there for cleanings; we asked 2 times if they could come back after 10 minutes.... they didn't do it.If you want a cappuccino or espresso at the breakfast these are extras.... only included tea or american coffee.Don't go there if you go for nightlife or life at the sea. Can be nice if you plan to visit more the city  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>BrynMawrBK
<Content>Generally Good Stay My two young daughters (9 and 11) and I stayed at the Four Seasons Miami this past Presidents' Day weekend, and had a positive experience overall. Unlike some other reviewers, we found all the staff to be friendly and pleasant. Our one-bedroom suite was spacious and comfortable, the FREE rollaway bed (the Ritz-Carlton Key Biscayne charges $50.00 per night for a rollaway!) and pullout couch were always promptly made up or put away when we called Housekeeping, and all the food was great, whether room service, poolside lunches, or Acqua Restaurant. The two-acre pool deck off the lobby is amazing and gorgeous, though windy -- you're seven stories up, so maybe that's why. We spent nearly the entire weekend on-site, since the pool deck is so pleasant. Be aware that this hotel is on a street with no shopping and only two restaurants close by -- everything else seems to be office buildings, so to have something to do, you have to take a cab somewhere.Two complaints: First - the hotel write-up brags about having three pools. In fact, only two are available to hotel guests: the other large pool is exclusively for the use of condo owners in the building. Why not advertise as many pools as you can see from the property, since that's as much use as you'll get out of the ones beyond the two actually open to guests?Second, the spa/salon menu on the website advertises a private room for mother-daughter (or other twosome) services such as pedicures. Wanting to give my daughters a treat, I scheduled simultaneous pedicures for the three of us, and had to call the salon at least four or five times while they worked to find a time that all three of us could be in the private room. When we arrived (early in the morning because that's the only time they said we could be accomodated), one of the three pedicure chairs was already occupied by an older gentleman, whose pedicure lasted the entire time my daughters were getting theirs. I skipped getting my pedicure to avoid having my daughters sit around and wait for me, and told the receptionist I was dissatisfied with not getting the advertised and booked mother-daughters pedicure. She passed the message along to the manager, who was not present, but it was clear they didn't really care, and I was never contacted by anyone (nor was anything done to mollify me). The pedicures cost $65.00 apiece and were not nearly as thorough as the ones we get at home for about one-third the price -- definitely not worth the money, but the whole idea was to have a special experience with my daughters, which I didn't. Other than these two things, the hotel is very nice and worth a stay.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>childrenssherpa
<Content>Great Family Weekend We visited the hotel for just a time-out weekend in January with our 2 girls ages 9 and 11. At first we were worried that we should have stayed closer to the beach, but after one afternoon on the strip at South Beach, the Four Seasons was welcome oasis. South Beach was a bit too much of a freak show for the children (even though we are New Yorkers). The pool deck overlooking the bay and nearby condos is perfect for a day or 2 of relaxing and the staff and drinks are welcoming (the Brazillian drinks especially tasty). The children were able to amuse themselves the entire time, swimming and exploring the 2 acre deck. We adults enjoyed excellent massages in the spa and the children had pedicures and haircuts. All very swanky. The haircuts were less expensive than my local salon in NYC. My only gripes are that the Acqua restaurant is a bit sterile, and we would have like to hang out at the poolside Bahia bar in the evening after the kids were in bed. Unfortunately, a corporate event had closed the bar to guests. (A bit annoying given what we were paying for those 2 nights!) If that is standard procedure on weekends--ask before booking if there are any closures of that sort. Note also that the rooms are deluxe, the views lovely, but in most rooms, no balcony or fresh air. It is a glass and steel tower after all. There is a touch of that corporate downtown expense account feel. In other words--this is not luxury adventure travel a la the Caves in Jamaica, but it is convenient and just fine for a short get-away. Big Props to Steve Goth in the security department who mailed me back my daughter's winter coat left in the room. And finally, note that no matter how organized and efficient the Four Seasons is, the Miami airport is an absolute zoo on a Sunday afternoon, so don't be lulled into cutting the hotel to airport time too short in order to have one last swim in the gorgeous pool.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kyoto5301
<Content>Great Service, Great Gym, Nice Bath, OK Room We found the service impeccable in every regard. The gym was one of the best associated with a Hotel that we have used; it had windows all around it, and very good equipment. (I suggest getting a schedule of group classes at check in, if interested, as there are many). The bathroom and toiletries were excellent. The room was tasteful, but not special. The pool is lovely. A few minuses: there was no cofee maker in the room. There is nothing much in the neighborhood (not much shopping, restaurants). Note: this hotel is not near the beach.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FirmFairandFriendly
<Content>Just perfect! We had the pleasure of spending two nights at the Four Seasons in between Christmas and New Years. Nearly every aspect of our stay was perfect. We should have anticipated that we would be accompanied by young children, and our patience wore a bit thin. Neither the staff or parents of some rather wild children made any efforrt to intervene. We would return to the Four Seasons again, but not during a school vacation period.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Vikster7
<Content>Beautiful Stunning hotel, amazing service, beautiful food, fantastic suite. Really nothing bad to say about this hotel at all. Probably the best hotel i've ever stayed in. We got upgraded for a minimum amount, it is a VERY expensive hotel but worth it.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Goodmorning2U
<Content>Welcoming, Relaxing, and Healthy! We loved the FS Miami. Hello,The Four Seasons Hotel is our favorite hotel in Miami, for a relaxing healthy getaway. This is the fifth time we have stayed at the Four Seasons Miami and it gets better with every visit. We were warmly greeted at the front door by the valet with an immediate offer to help us with our luggage. Upon entering the lobby we were again warmly greeted by Drew, Gabriel, and, remembering us from a previous visit by the wonderful Alvin Tham, and quickly checked into our room. The rooms are the highest quality currently available in Miami. They are a very spacious 550 sqf decorated with sleek bright very comfortable furniture and bed. The bathrooms are equally spacious with the tubs perfect for deep soaking and the shower water pressure strong. Terry cloth robes are thick and enveloping. They welcomed our small dog (without a deposit or extra cost) providing him with a special welcome amenity (he never eats dog treats but he loved the ones the Four Seasons gave him). Outside of our room retreat we took full advantage of the Sports Club LA a short elevator ride away. This enormous gym provides hotel guests complimentary yoga classes, spinning classes, weight training classes, step etc. The spa, Splash, is very good though I wish that they offered manicures and pedicures. These services are offered on the hotel premises but by another salon occupant called Rikrak. We both had massages which were uniformly excellent, providing just the relaxation we needed. The hotels private Olympic pool and manicured acres surrounding it are unparalled. The restaurant, Aqua, serves a fabulous dinner and Sunday Brunch, the lamb is exceptional as is the baramundi (white fish, ask for it without the skin). It was our anniversary and after asking the pastry chef if he could surprise my spouse with something he recommended a plate of chocolate cookies. I was skeptical but when I SMELLED them outside the door to be delivered I knew they were the right choice. Hats off to their French pastry chef. Thank you for another wonderful stay. We are looking forward to returning...  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andrea.italian
<Content>Loved my bay view room but.. Second stay at the FS Miami after my first stay one year ago. Obviosly the hotel is still the same , the bay view room is a beatiful room with a fantastic view and a good size. However I did find some small problems compared with the past stay of August 2005:1) In an hotel like the FS you're expecting the best and the tv system of the FS Miami is not up to the best standard now available. I was expecting a change to a Flat screen tv..2) The hotel staff has changed and some of them ( especially at the reception ) are not very polite. I found a much more warm welcome the past time3) The Aqua restaurant has changed menu and type of cuisine , not more Italian but much more american. The chief is new and he's from Thailand.. For me an horrible change , the Italian menu was much much better.. And the service is very slow, the same for breakfast , lunch or dinner..3) The pool area is fantastic but the service is not of the same level.Valet parking is good but I'd like better the valet at the RC.. Second stay and probably the last one.. Next time I will try a different hotel in Miami , probably the Mandarin Oriental.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>rahulrch
<Content>one of the finest experiences A true gem! We stayed here for a weekend in August and loved every moment of it. You should use the valet service as it is quick and efficient (will cost you $30 a night, though). The concierge (Rod) was extremely helpful and planned the entire weekend for us. The pool is the best we have experienced till date (clean, perfect temperature). The pool staff is courteous and pleasant. The hotel has a fantastic 40,000 sq feet Sports club/LA gym and all exercise classes are complimentary for guests. The rooms are up to any FS standards with complimentary evening turn-down housekeeping. I would definetely return to this property for the service and facilities. We did not eat at the restaurants but the sunday brunch looked sumptuous. However, be warned that this hotel is in downtown Miami and not in Miami Beach and there is absolutely nothing but buildings and construction around. We did not mind as we spent all our time at Miami Beach (15 minute drive away).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FMUBSU
<Content>Despite the "Miamitude" and uneven service, this is a fine hotel We just returned from our second trip to the FS Miami. In many ways, this is a great hotel. It actually has a great combination of an upscale business hotel and a resort. The location is perfect as it sits right on Brickell with easy access to downtown Miami, Key Biscayne, South Beach and Coral Gables. The views of the Bay are wonderful. The rooms are not overly big but are well decorated and comfortable. The outside area is great as it has a wonderful lap pool area with a kid's area and another lounging pool. The service is usually efficient but not particularly friendly. Miami, in my opinion, continues to be one of the least friendly and snobby cities in the nation. To some extent, this is also found in the Hotel. We waited forever for service at the outside reastaurant and received horrible service by the pool. I was so outraged I called the front desk from the pool area to complain! To be fair, the manager came out to the pool to address my complaints and the service improved dramatically after that. It was a shame that is what it took to get good service. The room service was prompt and pleasant. The woman who answers the room service breakfast call is wonderful..friendly and efficient. When we checked out, the agent at the front desk basically lied to us about not being able to redeem a gift card which we found to be very disturbing. Be prepared to deal with the attitude, lack of friendliness and service issues. It is visually stunning and a wonderful place to relax and see the city.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Retreat! This was our first time in Miami and not staying on South Beach. We were surprised to see all the new restaurants in the downtown area! We spent the day lounging in our cabana (FREE!) poolside...the evian spritz reminded us our stay in Maui. It was a relaxing weekend and close to our favorite shopping in Coral Gables. Great service and large guestroom. We enjoyed the guitarist in the lounge. Our new favorite location in Miami!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OneBigWorld
<Content>Second Stay -still very good ! Our second stay at this hotel met our expectations (which were high). We stayed in a Bay View Suite which was very large - with kitchen, large sitting and dining area with surround sound flat screen TV. Two bathrooms and a bedroom with 2 windows giving us 2 different aspects of the Bay and the City. We have not stayed in a standard room so cannot comment on those 鈥?but this suite was very good. We live in London and so love Cities - this is a trendy, expensive (all Four Seasons are!) ambient, artistic, city hotel with a view of the Bay.We were quite surprised to see that some buildings in Miami have still not been refurbished since the hurricanes of 2005 鈥?although the hotel is back to normal.Service is still a little slow in Acqua and I did not enjoy part of my meal but staff was very attentive and offered me an alternative free of charge.Room Service breakfast on 2 mornings was great 鈥?excellent food and good service. It was a pity that a large music company had hired a number of rooms at the time of our stay and had also booked part of the pool area one evening. This meant that we could not sit there in the evening. Also, please be aware that the pool bar - which is a great place to spend an evening, is only open towards the end of the week. We stayed on a Sunday and Monday so it closed at 6pm during April (check before you go).One criticism is the elevators. There are only 4 but when a business group is staying there, there can be long lines just to take the elevator!During the day we found the main pool to be quiet, the music ambient, the service attentive and the sun beds comfortable and private.Pre-dinner drinks spent in the cocktail bar were great 鈥?the barman was experienced, professional and new his stuff. This was a great experience before a nice meal in Miami.I am a light sleeper 鈥?I slept well in this hotel 鈥?beds are comfy with mattress toppers, bed linen is luxurious, no late night maids being noisy in corridors and solid walls between the rooms.In summary we will stay there again and it more than met our expectations (but it is pricey)  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So much Art  This is definitely the place to stay in South Florida. The prettiest of them all and the classiest. Best pool area, a la par with the Beverly Hills hotel in L.A. Great pool service with wireless ordering systems, right from your lounge chair.Very good food, they have a new chef, at Acqua. Try the Brickell salad and a truly magnificent dessert list.The fitness center is an entire floor with dozens of trainers and a very nice Spa.The main lobby is very private in the 7th floor and the best original art I have ever seen in a hotel, one of a kind.Our first and last impression was the waterfall, towering five or six stories above the main entrance.MIAMI's BEST.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the best! My husband, daughter and I just returned from a one week stay at the Four Seasons in Miami. Having stayed at many 5 star Hotels all around the U.S. and Europe, I can assure you this hotel delivers. The hotel is beautiful and elegant. Our one bedroom suite was one of the best I have stayed at with incredible views of the city. Our beds were incredibly confortable. Bathrooms luxurious and confortable. The service was amazing and flawless. Acqua restaurant is excellent and not too expensive. The pool area is beautiful, confortable, fun, and the staff will do anything to please you. Location was also convenient. Close to everything. Even the valet parking staff was superb. Never saw anyone without a welcoming smile. I had been told that this was a business hotel. I am so glad I did not listen. This hotel is perfect for a family vacation, too! I hope to go back soon.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davidrohome
<Content>Not cheap, but a beautiful new Four Seasons I stayed at the Four Seasons Miami on business and it was very nice. I can't see paying this much for personal travel, but if you can afford it, why not?The rooms were top-notch with all the latest amenities including a luxurious king-size bed. I don't know if some rooms have lanais (mine did not), but they do have the nice sitting bench along the windows.The view out the northeast side is kind of bleak because of all the buildings that are boarded up from hurricane damage. And not small buildings, we're talking 20-30 stories of boarded up buildings. But that's not the hotel's fault.Other reviewers have complained about the funky elevator setup, but I think that's because of the condos that are part of this hotel tower. Once you get used to it, it's not too bad.The pool area was nice, but the drinks were way over priced - something like $10 for a beer. We smuggled in our own and tipped the pool area waiter and he seemed to not mind, and we were pretty far away from the main pool area. Their jacuzzi wasn't heated for some reason, nor was the pool itself. I suppose when the temperature's warmer, one wouldn't mind.Overall - if you can afford it - go for it!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Seasons vs Mandarin Four Seasons benefits:- Better pool area- Better fitness center (it's a full-scale health club)- Amazing brunch Mandarin benefits:- Private man-made beach- Better designed rooms- Better restaurants (variety  service)- Less urban feelAt both places the staff is superb and the rooms are spotless and well appointed. I stayed at the Four Seasons last weekend and found the rooms to be a bit 'standard issue.' The Mandarin seems like it is a purpose-built hotel, the Four Seasons feels like a hotel stuck inside an multi-purpose office tower (which it is). Both are good places to stay and a lot comes down to personal preference, but I'd have to say I'd give the Mandarin the edge up in this case.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hardingk
<Content>The best hotel ever! I stayed here for 1 night for a conference in Miami. This is the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at! (And I have stayed at a lot!!) Nice rooms with view. Great gym  pool. Everyone was friendly. Loved the seperate tub  shower! Awesome! Will stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lhusseini
<Content>It's terrific every time I go... I have been going to Miami for mini-vacations/long weekends for over 15 years now. When the Four Seasons opened its doors 2+ years ago, we started staying there to get away from the Ocean Drive/Collins Avenue craziness and haven't looked back. This hotel is fantastic. Above the interiors being absolutely gorgeous, the pool areas are quiet (even when filled to capacity with sunbathers), tranquil and the staff is top notch. The concierge staff are absolutely the best; they ask all the right questions and when you aren't satisfied with something, they work quickly to rectify the situation and make you happy. The Sports Club and spa staff are the same way; there is a consistent level of five star services throughout the entire hotel. As with any hotel, there are going to be snags here and there, nothing to get all riled up about. This trip back tho, the only snag was with room service. We ate a few meals in our room and each time there was an error with our order. To the hotel's credit, the room service manager and supervisor called me twice to apologize for the mistakes on our orders. The last night we were there, after messing up our dinner order, the manager came up with a bottle of wine. I told him that instead of a bottle of wine, I would rather they credit me for the meal. But the next morning, when I was inspecting my bill during check-out, I noticed that they didn't. I spoke with the front desk manager who took note of my bill and said he would speak to accounting. I am going back in May and he said to touch base with him when I got there; so I know that they are going to do what they can to make up for the inconvenience.As with any situation, if you are upset with the level of service you receive, and then speak to someone at the hotel. It has been my experience that when I have had an issue with this hotel (not many, mind you - maybe three times out of the 22-23 trips we've stayed there), I speak civilly with someone in charge and they always do what they can to see that I am happy - and they succeed. I know some folks recommend staying at the Mandarin, but we've stayed there also and prefer the Four Seasons. The Mandarin's pool is small and the hotel lobby is an absolute madhouse, doesn't matter what time you're there. There have been times we鈥檝e gone down for a couple of days and didn鈥檛 leave the grounds of the Four Seasons the entire weekend; everything you need is right there. If you want to go to Miami for some sun and relaxation, without the drama or chaos of SoBe, then definitely stay at the Four Seasons. Hope this helps.   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>latravelgirl
<Content>Very disappointing... I have never written on of these reviews before but felt it necessary to warn others of our disappointing experience with the Four Seasons Miami. The lobby is impressive, but you have to take 2 sets of elevators to get anywhere. We were confirmed for a bay view room, but when we arrived we were told we were getting a city view and the bay view would be $75 more a night. Our view consisted of overlooking buildings that had been destroyed by Hurricane Wilma. We booked a dinner reservation in the hotel restaurant Acqua, which was terrible...took nearly 30 min to get a drink, 1.5 hours to get our dinner served, and the food was mediocre at best. The restaurant staff was unorganized and completely unapologetic. Breakfast the next morning was about the same experience. When we were checking out nearly every person in line seemed to have a complaint issue, including us. When we addressed our issues and terrible experience the staff did not seemed the least bit phased, nor did they care. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Go to the Mandarin Miami instead.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ashmawz
<Content>Beautiful Urban Hotel The Four Seasons is a stunning hotel - just as minimalist urban chic as you would expect. There are gigantic Bolero statues in the lobby standing watch and amazing artwork throughout the hotel-a plus if you're into contemporary art. This is a great place for couples and business travelers, but not exactly a beachy, resort-type of family hotel.Since it is basically brand new, travelers won't feel as if they're in an over-used, worn room, which can happen in Miami fairly quickly due to it's high volume of travelers. The valets and concierge are awesome, as is the food.It's located in the Brickell area (on the intracoastal, not the beach), which is basically a business district that is not very lively at night. However, this is an area that is waking up a bit and generating a scene and has a few mainstays around such as Tobacco Road and Capital Grille. Plus, it's close to Coconut Grove and Key Biscayne, two of the most beautiful areas in Miami. And if you're adventurous, Little Havanna begins right across (West of) I-95. You will need a car in this area if you plan on visiting other parts of Miami.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>empressCovington_La
<Content>High Hopes Dashed Our first stay at a four Seasons hotel was a bit disappointing. The room was nice but we thought that it was an average size for the rate we paid. The main complaint was that we booked a deluxe bay view room that a a sliver of the bay view overlooking a roof that had window washing ropes draped across it. The service in the restaurant was very slow on Friday night and also on Saturday morning so we decided to order room service on Sunday morning.We tried unsuccessfully to get room service for breakfast. After holding the line for ten minutes we were asked if they could return our call. Ater 30 minutes of waiting for them just to take our order, we just blew it off and went to the boat show. But the concierge was great! Save your money and stay at the Marriott.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>youmay1
<Content>Miami Boat Show 2006 A very beautiful hotel in a very nice area. All of the staff is very friendly and very helpful with the exception of the wait staff in Acqua. We dined here twice, dinner and breakfast. The staff seems to be everywhere in the restaurant, except anywhere near your table when you need them, and they are not at all attentive. You can stand on your head and spit fire from your behind, and I am not sure they would notice. The food is average and way over priced. Everything else, we loved. So sleep here, but eat somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelerwithtaste
<Content>First class but out of the way. The Four Seasons Miami is a tasteful, modern hotel with wonderful views of the bay, cruise ships in the distance, and city lights at night. Wonderful pool that my son never wanted to leave, with numerous offerings of free fruit and smoothie samples, cold towels and spritzing with Evian water. Service at front desk and concierge was professional and top notch - after a mishap with our luggage disappearing for a brief time we were upgraded to a nicer suite to make up for the inconvenience. The restaurant was disappointing. This is the second time we ate dinner at the restaurant there (now known as Aqua) and both times we had to ask for drinks as none were offered. They should also dispense with the plastic place mats and use tablecloths in the evening. Very tacky for a supposedly first class restaurant. There is no shopping other than a very small gift shop with limited items and nothing else in the area unless you drive there. Our only serious problem was the housekeeping staff. Very few of the maids speak much English, making it difficult to ask them for anything. When my husband got sick with the chills one night it took a regular game of Charades to get some extra blankets for him. It also took 1 1/2 hours and 2 phone calls to get them to bring linens up to our room our first night so the sofa bed could be made up for our son. If you are in Miami and want first class service, fairly decent food, and relaxing by the pool, this is the place. If you like having lots of shopping, restaurants and things to do around you, it definitely isn't. All in all, a very beautiful, service oriented place to stay though.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would go back in a NY minute Well, I was just thinking about what I was going to do this December and I thought about where I was lastDecember. The Four Seasons Miami had to be one of thebest Hotels I ever stayed in. Delightful from A-ZFrom the beautiful decor,to the incredibble staff...I felt very safe. The rooms were gorgeous...what a view!!!One day soon - I plan to return.HH  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious Accomadations, Unparalleled Service... Staying currently at the Four Seasons Miami and very impressed with the high quality of service. The location is downtown in the Financial District, and we did have some minor difficulties finding nice family places to eat in the near vicinity. We did not want eat at Acqua or the two other lounge/ restaurants the entire stay. The concierge, however, was very helpful in directing us to recommended restaurants a short drive away (we drove to Miami Beach). He even found a Chinese restaurant that delivered to the hotel! We do recommend the Acqua breakfast- excellent Italian pastry basket! The pool is beautiful and relaxing. Kids For All Seasons lounge has activites for ages 4-12 with anything a child could want to do with appropriate supervision. Everything about the hotel exudes class, from the picture-perfect floral settings to the personalized attention from every staff member we encountered. Despite being damaged (some external windows and flora) from the Hurrican Wilma, the Four Seasons seems to be in tip-top shape otherwise. As an aside, we were amazed to see the serious damage the hurricane inflicted on other downtown Miami skyscrapers. The area still is cordoned off by police, and to enter the hotel, you have to drive southbound on Brickell Ave and turn left. There is currently no entrance to the hotel driving northbound.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTKnowItAll
<Content>The Best! My return trip to FS Miami proves the best can get better! Great facility, wonderful staff, and perfect location away from the South Beach circus! First class all the way!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Neither "sour" nor "death by elevators" I just read the poor reviews on this property and obviously the members are not well travelled if they found this Four Season's a terrible place to stay. This hotel does not deserve their scathing reviews. The ONLY valid complaint would be the location. It is crap and inconvenient but IF you can afford the FOUR SEASONS withouth having to save your pennies for a once in a lifetime treat then you can very well afford the taxis if you are not driving. My friend and I were very disappointed in the distance at first but got used to it as the level of service was much better than what we were getting on South Beach. We stayed our first 5 nights at the RITZ on South Beach and it was nothing comparatively. We stayed here for our last 3 nights. Beware of some of the taxi drivers as they really try to cheat you. We learned to tell them how to get to the hotel and had no problem after that. We asked them to take KEY BISCAYNE BLVD. and that was quicker than the other way some were taking from South Beach. We had a bay view room and the view was great as we were concerned that it would disappoint after having ocean view on South Beach. As long as you know ahead of time that this hotel is not near anything then you are prepared for the worst. The hotel was very, very clean and the room was a good size and the bathroom was huge. The staff was overly helpful compared to the RITZ on South Beach. The pool staff was great and the concierge named LICIO was great. Beyond the distance from the action this hotel deserves its rating. I live in Japan and travel the world extensively and for the price this hotel is well-worth it. If you are used to Sheraton prices then maybe you expect too much when you stay at a property like the Four Seasons . As this was not an expensive place to stay for the service we received.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PittPanther
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed a weekend stay at Four Seasons Miami I spent three nights over a weekend at the Four Seasons in mid-September '05. This is an exceptional hotel - service, cleanliness, rooms, pool area, LA Sports Club (on premises, complimentary to hotel guests, has everything for all parts of the body - CYBEX equipment, treadmills, free weights, EVERYTHING). If anything, the personal touch at hotel may be a bit overdone. Upon arrival at street level, upon ordering meal at Lobby-level Acqua Restaurant, an employee discreetly asks your name, presumably so they can try to remember it, or call ahead to next person who will be serving you (at front desk, concierge, wherever)...so that person can greet you by name. That's nice - but unnecessary, in my opinion. Also, potentially dangerous. Just one man's opinion, but I prefer to keep my identity anonymous while walking through a hotel lobby, approaching front desk, concierge, pool attendant, etc...Again, just one man's opinion. Others may love that type of red carpet personal touch. To me, I don't need it.Pool area is great. Main pool is very big, much bigger than a standard hotel swimming pool. As I was there over a weekend, it was never close to being full capacity - maybe not even half. Service (ice water, chair set-up, drinks, light food) all prompt and friendly. Pool is five feet at its deepest (middle area). Nice hot tub whirlpool at one end. Interesting Palm Grove pool at far end of terrace, consisting of palm tree islands strewn about maybe 1-2 feet of water. You can set up your lounge chair directly in the water.I had an executive suite, which was two separate rooms (living and bedroom), plus great bathroom with separate shower and deep soaking tub. First-rate amenities. Never had this happen before relative to mini bar: after checking in, I walked down the block a bit and visited Bagel Barn, where I picked up an old-fashioned six-pack of glass (bottles) Cokes. Took them back to the room, and left them on top of the counter by mini bar. Upon returning from pool a couple hours later, hotel mini bar attendant had taken the bottles and placed them INSIDE THE REFRIGERATED section of the mini bar. Anybody who has traveled a lot will appreciate this story. Most places scheme and operate to see how they can force you to utilize their mini bar products. Four Seasons Miami took the extra effort to satisfy me. It was appreciated, too, because there are no ice machines on the floors. Attendants do a good job keeping your ice bucket filled, but it is nice to be able to go fill it yourself, when you want to. To get ice, you need to call Room Service - IF your ice bucket isn't filled at a particularly needy time.I'm no judge of interior decoration, but furnishings were fine. Nothing fancy, and nothing to really indicate that you're in Miam, but that type of thing doesn't bother me. It's very clean, quiet, safe and comfortable.Again, folks, this is DOWNTOWN MIAMI, not Miami Beach. The area is relatively dead at night. There are a few good restaurants within walking distance, but there's little in the way of night life, if that's your thing. If you are looking for a brief, quiet getaway with outstanding service, an incredible pool area, warm weather, and a host of friendly employees in all areas, then try the Four Season Miami. Go for a swim around 9 p.m. at night. Beautiful. Quiet, scenic, romantic - nobody to bother you.I'll be back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NikiC
<Content>Wonderful Retreat In The City! I can't believe the people who wrote about the location...don't you know when a hotel is located on the Beach or in the City. This hotel is not in Miami Beach but if you want superb service, a great pool with exceptional amenities (ice water in several flavors, food, comfy chairs that are set up just for you with ample towels and umbrellas) people who are good at what they do... stay here. Yes it is a cab ride for approximatly $22.00 to the Beach or less to Cocunut Grove but you couldn't get me to stay anywhere closer than where I was(Miami Beach is played out). Especially when you have so many excellent restaurants (the best being in the Mandarin Oriental) to choose from. Granted the configuration of the building is weird, but once you figure it out...if I went back again I would try the Mandarin just to compare (the Lobby is far superior) but you will not be dissapointed with this FS.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrBiggie
<Content>Death by 1000 elevator rides. Nice property, fancy art in the lobby, very Miami chic and futuristic Asian meets Latin decor, but God help you if you're driving a car on your visit. It's in the financial district so you WILL drive a car to get here (unless you're a Latin banker that is, or a national geographic reporter doing a story on Miami's haitin cab driving community)It takes not one but TWO elevators (one of which is less snappy) to get from the valet parking area to your room. At first it didn't bother us, but after day three this hotel is permanently off our list. It's like a fancy French dinner with tiny servings, or a pair of cheap high-heels. Looks terrific but feels uncomfortable. Girls weekend.. this was our first and last stay here.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NYDC
<Content>An Excellent Choice! Great Location... After spending a few weeks going back and forth on where to stay in Miami (and watching hotel rates go up), I booked this hotel with some girlfriends from college days to celebrate a birthday in the group. We got what I consider to be an excellent package (3rd night free and a $100 credit) that made it less expensive than many 4 star properties in the area.This is not your typical resort hotel. If you want to be right on the beach or walk more than drive, this is not your hotel. It caters primarily to the business guest and is in the financial district. We were only a short drive from both Coconut Grove (great shopping  food) on one side and South Beach (nightlife) on the other. I would say you need a car though, whether rented (BTW most hotels I鈥檝e visited in Miami charge at least $20/day for parking and you鈥檒l need to tip on top of that) or taxi.That said; the hotel is a little oasis! This was my second visit in six months and the level of customer service has been consistently excellent. The poolside service made us feel like royalty and my best friend and I fell in love with the steam room (they had eucalyptus in the steam, my skin was glowing after my weekend).Our room was VERY spacious. Please keep in mind we were three women traveling with day  night wear, plus shoes, etc. and we started shopping the minute we left the airport and hit the Grove. Our room was on a corner with window seats on both sides and gorgeous views of Biscayne Bay  the city. The food was great, we loved the egg white omelet for breakfast and the arroz con pollo we got from room service at 3am. It was piping hot and delicious!All of the staff did a fantastic job helping us out with club  restaurant recommendations (the concierge introduced me to a lovely french cafe in the Grove) and we felt every inch the 鈥減rincess鈥?as we strolled into and out of the lobby. I also think the fact that we were snapping pictures incessantly bemused them slightly. (Hey, it was our 1st vacation together and it's been years since we left school!)Anywho, I would definitely stay here again and probably will for my BD later this year.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suites are Sour... What a terrible disappointment after the glowing reviews. We booked a large suite choosing cityview as we're in town for shopping only. $875 (taxes etc take it over $1000 a night) and no complaints at all, we're getting a 'suite' so we expect to pony-up (Ocean view suites are the same size BTW).. We check in to a shoebox of a suite, 12X12 living room, miniscule bedroom (the entire suite incl bath is smaller than our bedroom at home). This is a brand new hotel and dissapointment is an understatement. The suites are what I imagine prison cells to be like. So small we were uncomfortable. Almost comically so; no embellishment. Save your money and stay at the Ritz in the Grove (honorable mention to Mandarin) or skip Miami shopping entirely and head for Palm Beach. We are easy going, low-maintenance folks expecting a nice stay for the money and can assure those like-minded that they will 'not' find that here. Adequate service from the staff is the only thing that spared this property the more thorough dressing-down it deserved. Shame on the Four Seasons for attaching their brand to a property that puts occupancy capacity ahead of guest comfort.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alohajimmy
<Content>Nearly perfect service in a downtown location After a 3 day, four night stay, I am pleased to say that every engagement I had with the hotel staff was excellent. Despite my arrival via foot from the metro mover, the bellhops were very gracious. The check-in staff were well prepared and there was no line to check-in. While they took the opportunity to offer me a couple upgrades (at additional cost), it was all done very appropriately (and yes, I upgraded myelf). The concierge staff was very courteous and well prepared. When my cell phone battery was dying, they had a recharger easily available. They might, however, take a trip on their city's public transport to learn the best public transit route for travelers to Miami beach. The room was very attractive but a bit smaller than I expected, especially after upgrading a couple levels. Maid service was excellent. I like the Four Season bed/comforter much more than the Westin's which tends to envelope/bury you. The athletic center was large, well equipped and not excessively busy. The primary restaurant featured wonderful meals served by people who knew their business. Pricing was no worse than most other high level hotels. The pool was reasonably large and had the usual high level of service (I do not know if I will ever forget the offer of cucumber slices to cover my eyes!!!). One final thought; the hotel is located in downtown Miami, a $20 - $25 taxi ride from the nicer shopping centers or Miami Beach. Unless you are a business person, not much to do downtown. - Would I stay here again; if I needed to visit Miami's business community, most certainly!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>allesandra
<Content>Fantastic in every way I have stayed at wonderful Four Seasons Hotels (and a few that are not so wonderful, but still close to excellent) but the service, patina, gracious setting, and value are incomparable. I have visited this hotel on several occasions, with one visit of eight days, the other two, slightly shorter. From the moment I arrived I felt like my arrival was noteworthy by the attention I received from the staff. Everybody knew my name, and remembered everything about my family and me on our subsequent visits. The rooms are soft-deco modern, but elegant and timeless. The pool area is stunning and the reason I would keep returning here, as opposed to many other resorts in the Carribean and/or Flordia relates to the pool-side Cabanas. I went with my five year old son and 20 year old daughter and the Cabanas protected us from the sun beautifully. Furthermore, my son thought the Cabana was a little play tent, which was fun. The service around the pool is stellar. Even when the hotel was fully occupied the pool area seemed quiet, roomy and peaceful.. One might expect a hotel of this type to be anti-child. But the staff went out of its way for my son. They sent him cookies and toys, played with him, talked to him. He felt like he had a true fan club by the time we left. The Mandarin has a tiny beach but cannot compare in service, style, beauty and pools with the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>charck
<Content>Best in Miami       Regular pool and pool bar  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FS_Junkie_with_kids
<Content>Nice urban hotel with resort amenities and feel We stayed at the hotel from July 15-18, 2005. It was a nice urban, resort hotel (wonderful fitness faciilities, Kids for all seasons program, spa, Miami weather, located right in downtown). For reference, it was a cross between Four Seasons Philadelphia and Four Seasons Punta Mita. The location provided a great jumping off point for sightseeing- science museum, Vizcaya Gardens, Key Biscayne, Seaquarium, Parrot Island Jungle, Little Havana, Coral Gables, Coconut Grove and South Beach (all within 20 minutes). The service was exactly what you would expect from a Four Seasons property, always reaching a step beyond to meet the guests' needs. One evening, the concierge helped us pick out a few kids' DVDs from the kids' club after club hours which involved having security meet us there to open the door. The food in the main restaurant was delicious as was the pooside dining. Say hi to George at the front door. He was fabulous!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! Was here 7/2 - 7/4. This was by far the best hotel experience I have ever had. I've traveled a great deal and stayed at many luxury properties, but none can compare to the Four Seasons Miami. Details, details, details! The service here is just fantastic. Breakfast was heavenly and reasonably priced. The room was large and luxurious with a simple elegance. Frette linens! The room was very fresh and clean. I had an awesome view of the bay and ocean from my room on the 22nd floor. The pool area is tropical, elegant, and delightful.If you want true refinement, exceptional service, and a quality property, the Four Seasons is the way to go. No need to stay on South Beach.I've heard great things about the Mandarin Oriental as well so I will try a night there to compare to the Four Seasons, which will be hard to beat.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hodgeon5th
<Content>Mother's Day This was a good weekend to stay at the Four Seasons....it was my wife's 1st mother's day with our 8 month old son. I took her to see Kenny Chesney in concert...and then came back to sleep in the very comfortable beds FS's is known for. The rooms are really nice and bathrooms are spacious. We went to Aqua for the mother's day brunch...the food was excellent in every way ...it had a wide selection of food. I was trying the stone crab claws for the first time....the deserts were perfect...I hope all their brunches are this way. The Washington Wizards were staying there (NBA playoffs) but I didn't recognize 1 player! That's the watered down NBA for ya...The staff was polite and very professional....my only big complaint was the $28 per nite they charge for parking....self serve parking is $24!! I'm not use to paying to park at a hotel I'm staying at...plus tipping it runs up quick.I will still stay there but might try to find a place to park since I just wanna stay at the hotel only....no need for South Beach which is so overated now with rappers  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shamrock02
<Content>As good as it gets I spent a good deal of time on this site looking at reviews of hotels in Miami and elected to go with The Four Seasons. This was not an adventurous decision for me and my wife as we stay at Four Seasons hotels quite often in our travels.We had a great experience.The hotel is not for those who are looking for a beach hotel, as this FS鈥檚 has more of a business/downtown feel to it. The building is also the tallest south of NYC. The lobby is on the 7th floor, as is the pool area, which is beautiful. As you sit poolside, you cannot imagine that you are downtown and on the 7th floor. Rooms are very nice. Service is typical FS鈥檚 鈥?top notch. My wife sent her jeans out for cleaning and when they were returned she noticed that they had sewn a rip in them. No charge and no mention of having done it.The spa/gym is free when you鈥檙e staying at the FS鈥檚. It鈥檚 top shelf. All the cardio equipment has satellite TV on the machines. Plenty of space and the equipment is first rate.Food is outstanding. The courtyard feel to the poolside caf茅 has a nice waterfall and light music at night. Great three day getaway. I highly recommend this hotel for discriminating travelers who aren鈥檛 looking for a beach setting, lots of bells and whistles and typical commercialism.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tcgoes
<Content>A downtown oasis We usually stay in South Beach, along the beach, when we visit Miami. This time, we opted for the downtown (Brickell) location of the Four Seasons. We had a wonderful time and the best part was the pool area which is actually about 4 floors up from the street level. Pretty amazing setting, with Palm Trees, Cabanas, a shallow cold pool and excellent service. It is a very quiet setting with a superb LA Fitness gym.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kategPhiladelphia
<Content>An Excellent Long Weekend at the Four Seasons, Miami   showReview(3257936, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kyverdicts
<Content>Weekend with Children in Downtown Miami   showReview(3252469, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Seasons - you'll pay for the name...   showReview(3167498, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoseArt
<Content>Out of The Way!!!   showReview(3098120, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>------
<Content>Four Seasons Magic   showReview(2964535, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Life of luxury at Four Seasons   showReview(2605888, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury in the Financial District   showReview(2504332, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE PLACE IS GREAT   showReview(1851493, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a four seasons hotel   showReview(1836783, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still working out the kinks   showReview(1750468, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇曘倧銇?> 銇曘倧銇?</a> </div>
<Content>娴枫倐銉椼兗銉倐绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19867229, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>anitaGranada
<Content>excelente   showReview(19385705, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

