<Author>JohannVienna
<Content>Ok, A Little Disappointing I booked the hotel owing to the reviews on this website. Our stay was quite nice and there is a lot on the upside, but also some disappointments.The Hotel is very good situated in one of the most upscale neighborhoods of Paris. Many nice shops and restaurants are in a short walking distance, the area is not so crowded by tourists as many other areas we have seen. And the view of the Eiffel Tower on the way back to the Hotel after sightseeing or shopping is simply stunning.Our room was extremely small, but more or less comfortable and nice. The bed was ok and the bathroom as well. I guess we were just a little unlucky with our room, while cleaning i got a glimpse of other rooms and some of them looked much nicer. In a small Hotel like this i expect a more personal or more welcoming atmosphere. Don't misunderstand me, it is not a bad hotel but on the other hand don't have too high expectations!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Merman101
<Content>Just what we needed We were very pleased with our accommodation at Hotel de Londres Eiffel. I'm glad I had read the other reviews that warned of the tiny rooms. Our room was very small, but was clean, nicely decorated and very comfortable. There were some lovely touches, like tealights lit in the small courtyard outside our room. We found the reception staff to be efficient if not over friendly.We loved the area - we headed across to the lovely Rue Cler for breakfast each day (don't miss the amazing patisserie) and enjoyed strolling home catching glimpses of the Tower illuminated at night. It's a little walk to the nearest Metro - but this wasn't a problem at all for us. Choose your cafes carefully in Paris as the prices vary hugely.We paid E100 for our room and felt this was good value considering the huge prices charged for accommodation in Paris. I would happily go back again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>chintsuu
<Content>Excellent Location       Dining Area  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>VersaillesGurl
<Content>Stay here if you go to Paris! Everyone who worked at this hotel were so sweet and knowledgeable. The gentelemen at the desk were there 24/7 and answered any questions anyone had and would help you with any places you are looking to see. Alos, I don't want to leave out the ladies who made sure you have fresh coffee, bread and/or croissants. I have to say the beds (and pillows) were the most comfortable I'd ever had. They have free internet and it can be switched over to English. The location is wonderful! It is very close to the eiffel tower, bus stops and the metro. I strongly recomend this hotel for any who wants to visit this beautiful city.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Escargot21
<Content>Very French Hotel Londres Eiffel is a very nice hotel. We stayed there recently and will definitely stay there again when we are in Paris. It was peaceful and quiet. We wondered if anyone else was staying there-they were. It gives on a small narrow street. The nice gentleman at the desk accommodated us with a request we made for a room with the view of the Eiffel Tower. We had a good laugh when we opened the window: we could only see the very top of it! But we didn't mind because we could walk over and see it's lighted spendor in the evening with its blue and white lights twinkling. The room was small but very comfortable:a small desk, a small closet on each side of the bed sufficient for 2 people. We slept in a large and comfortable queen size bed. The bathroom is modern and very clean but quite small. We had a shower stall and I'm glad that I lost 5 lbs before our trip. If you are tall and a little overweight ask for a tub. I would have given the hotel 5 stars but I gave it only 4 because of the size of the bathroom. The hotel is near Rue Cler: a pedestrian street filled with cafes,boutiques and a dry cleaner who will do a large wash for the modest sum of 10 Euros and no shrinkage. Au Bon Marche on Rue Cler is a bistrot that serves very good food at reasonnable prices. The people working there are very nice and friendly. The metro stop for the hotel is Ecole Militaire. If you stop at La Motte Piquet you will have a long walk but that's nice too if you're not too tired.Bon Voyage  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Justpassingthru37
<Content>Great Location, Only the Basics My wife and I visited Paris for the first time in September and we pretty much got what we expected at this hotel. The room was small but clean with a nice bathroom. We had a room with a view of the Effiel Tower which was really pretty, especially at night.The only surprise we had came at checkout, when we found out that the daily breakfast service is not included with the price of the room. Probably would have opted for local fare had we known.We chose this hotel mostly for its location which proved to be wonderful. The neighborhood offers a nice choice of restaurants, shops and cafes and the Metro is only a brief walk away (10 minutes). We really felt safe in this residential neighborhood at all hours.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Bazilu
<Content>Loved this hotel My husband and I just returned from a trip to Paris (November 2008) where we stayed at this great hotel! The staff was so nice, rooms were clean, quiet, and quaint. We are coming back to Paris next year and will be staying here again. It is located about two blocks from the Eiffel Tower in the rue Cler neighborhood. Many good restaurants and cafes in the area, a laundromat across the street and free internet access. Breakfast is offered (additional price) but we did not take advantage of it. Highly recommend this hotel. (Ann and Sonya--you know who this is.)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moykky
<Content>Just what I wanted Great hotel for sleeping and honeymooning. It has great location, it is comfortable, it is quiet. Staff is friendly and helpfull. Wifi is free and Eifel tower is just outside. Will come again!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>eeteee
<Content>Great little place - a bit overpriced This place is a really nicely fitted out hotel. Its small but not too small. The bed was super comfy and the guys at the front desk were pretty helpful too. Great location in a neighbourhood with all the necessary shops. There's a laundrette right across the road too which was handy. The only problem we had was that we booked the 5th floor with Eiffel tower views and when we arrived, they'd given it to someone else. The view wasn't quite so good in the room we were given - looked straight onto other windows and walls. It'd be worth phoning to confirm your room if you book the tower view room. Other than that, the hotel was just what we needed.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>djukfish
<Content>Perfect for a romantic weekend in Paris .... My boyfriend and I never went to Paris before and we wanted to spend a romantic weekend there.We've chosen this hotel for its location, it is only 5 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower!We didn't regret our decision. The staff was really nice and very efficient. We had a lot of questions and they answered them with good ideas.Our bedroom was perfect: quiet, divine decoration, althoug it was small but we spent most of your time enjoyed Paris's streets.IT was nice to be in a hotel that is not part of a chain we really flet like we were priviledged and not just clients. I would really recommend the Londres Eiffel to any couple looking for a romantic time in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlexiaLondon
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a great area This is a very well located hotel (minutes away from the Eiffel Tour and the Champs de Mars.)The rooms are lovely, well furnished and quiet.The staff is also very nice and helpfull.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Champagne12
<Content>not sure why so expensive Nice and clean and perfectly located close to Eiffel Tower. Room was quite small with no tea/coffee making fascilities. The front desk weren't the most helpful. We borrowed an iron one day, but they didn't give us an ironing board. The next day they said they didn't have an iron, but eventually lent it to us anyway with a long lecture of all the problems they'd had with other guest burning the carpets and curtains. Couldn't help thinking it was due to them not giving out the ironing board with the iron in the first place. All in all much too expensive for what you get, but great location, although we tried figuring out if there really was any of their rooms with a view of the Eiffel Tower, and we don't think so, unless you have a very long neck or can look around corners.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>DNW080980
<Content>Just the Basics I spent a terrific week in Paris of which 3 nights were in this hotel. If you need a centrally-located, clean hotel where all you need to do is sleep and have a restroom, then this hotel will fill the bill. The room is extremely small, but you don't go to Paris for a hotel. Front desk help provided minimal and at times rude assistance. Our room did not have a special view, but you are close to everything anyway. Great restaurant down the street at Cafe Constant. Many cafes nearby as well. My one caution (this coming after staying at another hotel where breakfast was included) is DO NOT EAT THE BREAKFAST AT THE HOTEL. AT APPROXIMATELY $18 PER PERSON, YOU CAN FIND MUCH CHEAPER AND BETTER CEREAL AND FRENCH BREAD ELSEWHERE. We were never told that the breakfast was not included, nor did we receive a receipt until checkout where we were hit with the charges. Shame on me for not asking or reading the fine print on my reservation confirmation. I'd stay here again, but will go out of my way to protect people from being ripped off on the breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>dmartin316
<Content>If you want to do Paris, do it here. This hotel was our destination as part of a Rick Steves tour of Paris. However, my wife and I arrived two days prior to the start of the tour to get a little extra time in. A very charming, clean and affordable hotel.What makes this hotel so valuble is its proximty to the Eiffel Tower, good food and public transportation.The staff is very accomodating and helpful.When we return to Paris, and we will, this will be our choice.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve92753
<Content>Excellent 5 Star Experience at The Londres Eiffel I stayed at the Londres Eiffel Hotel in Rue Cler for 11 nights in a single room  was very satisfied with the hotel room, location  services. The hotel is very well maintained  very clean. The air conditioner (quiet) , hotel elevator, free computer  internet access  all facilites work flawlessly. Hotel staff are very attentive, pleasant.  professional. There was virtually no internal hotel or extraneous street noise so I was able to sleep well. The hotel provides a healthful breakfast including cereal, yogurt and fruits. The Rue Cler area is very nice. I learned following my stay by talking with Paris residents and frequent visitors on the return flight home that Rue Cler is one of the most upscale neighborhoods in Paris  that I could have not done better. I will return to the area and the Londress Eiffel in particular in the future. Overall a very pleasant and satisfying experience at a reasonable price. SteveSan Francisco, California  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MKlipstein
<Content>c'est magnifique Just back from a 4 night stay at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel and had a wonderful time. We were in room 54, from which we could see the tip of the Eiffel tower. The bed was comfy, the room had a/c and even thought the shower was tiny it did the job with water that heated up quickly. We booked online directly from the hotel and got a great rate (which included breakfast). The entire hotel is now non-smoking which is a huge plus. The hotel is just minutes away from the Eiffel tower and a short walk from a metro. The staff was all very friendly (except for one chap who worked behind the desk most evenings and even he was not unfriendly just indifferent). The hotel arranged for tickets to the Moulin Rouge and helped us figure out the best way to get to different sites. Be sure to plan on eating at least one dinner at the Cafe Constant on the corner. While not an over the top luxury hotel it is clean, comfy and perfect 3 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>gardenstate71
<Content>Just as promised We stayed at Londres Eiffel on the recommendation of a family member. Best thing about Londres Eiffel, location, location, location: minutes from the Eiffel Tower, market around the corner, laundry across the street (necessary for a two week trip), city bike rental down the street, and a great little restaurant right next door. Others had told me that city noise was a problem, but Londres Eiffel is down a little street away from the traffic, so no noise problems at all. The room was small as expected but very clean. There's no other place I'd stay in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cuhuta6-2
<Content>Great location - nice little hotel Stayed here for 5 nights in June on a family vacation with our two teenagers. Booked two rooms, which were side-by-side, as requested. We really enjoyed our stay here. You do have to overlook small room sizes, like just about every hotel in Paris. We loved the location - on a quiet side street, just a 10 minute walk to the Eiffel. We had no view, other than the back side of some apartments, but we didnt spend much time in the room. A couple of nights we grabbed a bottle of wine, bread and cheese at a nearby grocery store and laid out a blanket under the Eiffel to watch the lights come on. Very nice and romantic!You also are close to Rue Cler (10 minutes), a metro stop (10 minutes), laundry (across the street), and at least 25 restaurants within a 15 minute walk. Our favorite restaurant was the Cafe Central on Rue Cler. Good food at a reasonable (by Paris standards) price.The hotel staff was very efficient and helpful with directions or anything else. We will probably stay in another part of town if we were to come back, just to enjoy a little different atmosphere, but we would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>simgrila
<Content>Great stay Following a visit to the Alsace region, my wife and I stayed 3 days in Paris straddling July/August, 08. The location of this hotel cannot be beat. It is located in a great neighbourhood, convenient to many attractions yet very quiet. While the room is small, it is cleaverly organized like a cruise ship cabin and we never felt cramped. I now understand why Rick Steve would billet his tours here.The staff is indeed very helpful even before we arrived. They were helpful in getting us a reservation at the Jules Vernes restaurant at the Efffel Tower a month before we arrived. We got the only available spot. We had booked an airport shuttle on our day of departure but when they called that they would be late, the hotel managed to get us a taxi for the same price. That is above and beyond my expectation.The included breakfast is excellent. It is more than just continental. It has cold cuts too.We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tshook80
<Content>Great People  This is a wonderful hotel. The staff is super helpful and very friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. The breakfast is delicious and tasty. The rooms were very clean and cheerful. It is very near the Eiffel Tower and Seine River. Great location.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DaisyMalu
<Content>Great location, tiny room       the room  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>IndyBeachGal
<Content>Charming Parisian Hotel with a Great Location       View from Room 62  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LLindaC
<Content>Loved our stay here This is not a five star hotel, but I give it five stars for being all that we expected and more. We trusted the majority of reviews here at Trip Advisor and booked two rooms (Poet's) one for myself and husband, and one for my two daughters (14 and 18) for three nights. We had just spent a rainy cool week piloting a houseboat up the Burgundy Canal, so almost any room would seem luxurious at this point! We stayed in room 22 on the second floor facing the street and my daughters had room 20 in the back- across the hall. They changed the reservation from a double bed to two singles for them- very nice. Our room was better, it had a tub and bit more space, but nobody complained. I didn't find it too small- we had closet and shelf space, two cubby hole shelves beside the bed and a writing desk. We had working windows in the bedroom and bath and a good a/c system which was digitally controlled and quiet. Even though we faced the street, it was a very quiet street so we were never bothered by noise. We enjoyed the small refrigerator for storing our drinks and cheese. The flat screen TV worked well. The free internet in the lobby was a nice perk. We wrote to the hotel twice before our trip with questions about the metro connections and they answered promptly. We didn't really have opportunities to talk to the staff, but they were warm and friendly and helped us with a few needs. We didn't eat breakfast in the lobby, but found many other places at every turn. The block is well served by many bistros, restaurants, boulangeries, wine shops, two markets and a laundry across the street. I am very happy that we chose a less touristy area to stay, as we didn't spend time in the room but needed to sleep well at night. We also enjoyed people watching from the Rue Cler cafes- lots of fun. We thought this hotel was a very good bargain for Paris. It was exceptionally clean, quiet and had lots of charm. I have always preferred small, family run places in Europe for the personal touch and authenticity. We were very happy with our stay and will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sharklover75cc
<Content>The prior reviews are very accurate! We stayed at the Hotel Londres May 15 - 19. We chose this hotel based on the rave reviews and hoped they'd be true. Well they were! The front desk staff is very helpful, but not at all intrusive. So if you need help, ask. Or stand there with lost looks, that worked for us! lol!The rooms are incredibly small, smallest I've ever been in. And that's compared to NYC and Italy. But really how much time do you spend in your room?! The metro isn't exactly close to the hotel. It's several blocks away. Not a bad thing, just be prepared. After a long day of walking around Paris, you'll have one more short jaunt to the hotel from the metro. The Metro system is amazing though. While there are several magnificent restaurants around the hotel, we decided to hop the metro and go across town for dinner a couple of nights. There is a Starbucks several blocks away, not just around the corner, but if you head toward Rue de Clar you almost can't miss it. I highly recommend Rick Steve's Rue de Clar walk, its incredibly short, but this little street is great! Every little store you can imagine, a great look into Parisian life! If you're looking to get out of Paris for a day, you must check out ParisChampagneTour.com!!! Lots of amazing reviews here on tripadvisor and they're all true! One of the best tours we've ever been on.We'd definitely recommend this hotel, but next time I think we'll stay on the other side of town, just for a change. For a first visit to Paris or access to tourist destinations, this hotel can't be beat!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trwmjs
<Content>We enjoyed our stay We enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. The hotel was recommended to us by some friends of ours who stayed there.  We especially liked the location and that they offered free internet service. We appreciated the complimentary boat ride ticket that they gave us as well. That was a wonderful way to see Paris. The main staff person that we dealt with was very helpful and professional. He was there from early morning to evening. He gave us detailed directions on the Metro and gave us the name of a Bistro that we loved. He was very helpful and took the time to answer our questions.Our only reservation was that the breakfast at the hotel was overpriced. We really did enjoy our stay and will recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mollie13
<Content>A Charming Pariseian Stay The service we recieved was excellent from the moment we entered the lobby until the day of our departure. All of the staff were helpful in providing both directions and services. Everyone was friendly and kind. The hotel is in a perfect location for both exploring Paris and discovering the local color. Many fine cafe's are to be found in this location. Just ask the staff for a recommendation...you won't be disappointed. This is a great hotel for a romantic getaway. The view of the Eiffel Tower from our room was fantastic. We definitely plan to stay here when we return to Paris. Thank you all for helping to make our trip so magical.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Junie13
<Content>Heaven In Paris!       Our Day View of the Eiffel Tower  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HarmonyinWV
<Content>nice hotel Friendly and competent staff, everything well maintained, very clean and pleasant. Nice location and we enjoyed being able to stroll out to the Eiffel Tower every night before bed much more than we expected. Room was small, but about what you should expect in a major European city. Bathroom was quite adequate size, though the shower floor was horribly slippery.I especially enjoyed the computer with high speed internet available in the lobby - free.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swisstourist
<Content>Nice hotel, good location       View of room  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelmeister8
<Content>Hotel Londres Eiffel is my New Paris Favorite Our stay was excellent and the hotel is lovely on a quiet street--the rooms very clean and comfortable, nicely appointed, and breakfast is grand. Having stayed a dozen times at another nice hotel but on a noisy street near the Eiffel Tower, this is now my new favorite. All the folks who were there attending to the hotel were great, and one made extra effort in just about everything from the best way to get to a location, to advice on tour options, to getting our shuttle to the airport. He was so very pleasant and kind. For the best views of the Tour Eiffel, pick the 6th floor rooms. 64 is larger than 62, and 62 has a tub rather than a shower stall. You won't be sorry with this hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillPDX
<Content>Loved Hotel de Londres Eiffel Hotel de Londres Eiffel is a wonderful hotel in a great neighborhood near the Eiffel Tower. Lovely rooms (we had a view of the Eiffel Tower) with newly remodeled bathrooms. Very nice breakfast every morning. There are lots of great restaurants nearby as well as terrific shops. Metro stop is just a few minutes walk. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They helped us with transportation, packages and even found us a an excellent doctor on very quick notice. Overall excellent value and highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eliza_8
<Content>wonderful time We were a group of 8 ladies staying in 4 x twin bedded rooms at this hotel for 3 nights in February 2008. All of our rooms were lovely. Extremely clean and comfortable. The bathrooms were on the small side but perfectly adequate and spotless. The hotel is just a few minutes walk from the 'militaire' metro and the Eiffel Tower.It is extremely conveniently situated in a small side street. We did not experience any noise at night and all was quiet. Having said this there are no shortage of restaurants in the area, all within easy walking distance and they all served lovely food. The hotel served breakfasts, but we chose to use a little cafe closeby as this was cheaper.The reception desk was open 24/7 and Arnaud was friendly and helpful. All in all our stay was wonderful and I would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sacratomato
<Content>Location, Location, Location I tried to book two rooms at the Hotel de la Tulipe, a smaller very charming hotel closer to the Rue Clare, but they were fully booked. So our stay at the de Londres was not really our first choice, but our three night stay was enjoyable. As usual for Parisian hotels, the room was small but the bathrooms were newly remodeled; all white sparkling tiles and new fixtures.The staff was polite and most were very friendly. The lady manager was so charming and friendly. We stayed in room 107, one of the Poets Room. We didn't request a room with a view, so we weren't disappointed. But, if you have mobility problems you need to be very specific when you book a room. There IS an elevator for guests. But what isn't clear is that the Poets rooms aren't serviced by that elevator. Our room 107 was up three flights of narrow stairs. So tell the booking clerk of any special needs. Actually, I like those narrow curving stairs, they always make me think of Paris.The hotel breakfast was 12 euros ($18!) for cold cuts, cheese, cold cereal and bread. Walk out the lobby door and turn right, make another right on to Saint Dominique. Walk about 100 feet and across the street is the prettiest, friendliest little patissier shop you could hope to have breakfast at. If you keep walking about three blocks further there is a Starbucks. Although why any American would go to Paris to drink at Starbucks is beyond me.The best thing about the de Londres is the location near the Rue Clare. After a visit to the Opera house and then to the hectic department stores behind it, we escaped the crowds and popped out of the Metro at La Tour Maubourg. My son looked around the quiet streets and the pretty little park and sighed Home!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Chris057
<Content>Excellent, friendly hotel My wife and I stayed at the hotel in February with our 2 teenage sons. We booked directly with the hotel via phone/email - all very easy and we had adjacent rooms as requested- and a good deal on room rates. We can thoroughly recommend this hotel to all - we even had the breakfast which set us up for the day! Plenty of good restaurants nearby. Great position near to Eiffel Tower and many other sights. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cthrlyn
<Content>Londres Eiffel is a beautiful hotel I very much enjoyed my stay at the Londres Eiffel. I was there as a single female traveler in my thirties and felt very comfortable and at home during my 3 night stay. I was ugraded, prior to my arrival and without asking, from a single room for 110 euros, to a double room on the fifth floor which was meant to be 180 euros. Of course, this greatly added to my enjoyment of the hotel, but I think I would have enjoyed it at full price almost as much!The bed was very comfortable, the room quiet, and the vew from the room and bathroom was beautiful. The air conditioning worked perfectly, and the flat screen tv was great. The room was small, but had a lot of storage space, and seemed bigger because of the French doors/window which could be opened during the day. The location was perfect for walking around, and seemed very safe at night. I did not have breakfast in the hotel, rather on Rue Clere which was close by and more interesting than the hotel lobby. There is also internet access in the lobby, and a handy shuttle service to the airport. The only very minor complaint that I have is that there was no safe in the room,  the hotel was not willing to keep valuables behind the desk. At the end of my stay in France I went back to Paris, but had already booked a different, more expensive hotel in the St. Germain area. I much preferred the Londres, and would stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamandDerek
<Content>Nice, cozy hotel       The view from Room 54  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Motherdaughtertrip77
<Content>Simply Wonderful Mother-Daughter trip!! This was our first trip to Paris, after reading the reviews and deciding on Hotel Londres, we made the right choice. We actually stayed there twice, first for 3 nights before we left on a European Cruise and for 2 nights after we returned. The Staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful in assisting us with restaurant reservations, transportation and directions to things we wanted to do. We were so excited when we arrived in Paris, it must have shown and they gave us this quaint room with a view of the Eiffel Tower, which we just admired all night long. The rooms were not large, but were cozy for the two us, who had definitely overpacked and had six bags between us. Once we rearranged a little to accomodate the luggage, we were fine. The bathrooms were clean and fresh and the beds were comfortable.We enjoyed our coffee and breakfast in the mornings, the women were always happy to serve whatever we wanted,the croissants were the best!! It was a very enjoyable atmosphere.Cedric and Isabelle were both instrumental in procuring us reservations in hard-to-get-into places. It was so worth it.Our stay in Paris couldn't have been more perfect. This hotel definitely captured the feel of Paris that we wanted to experience. I would certainly recommend this hotel to travelers. We're looking forward to returning again hopefully in the near future.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Basle
<Content>Mixed The hotel has good and bad points.Bad:Our room (62), and bathroom were both small. They were o.k. for two people for two nights, but I wouldn't want to spend more than a few nights in it. It would be o.k. for a single person for a longer stay.The bed was narrow - I think two obese people would be really cramped in it.Our bedroom was directly next to the lift which was noisy.The breakfast was nothing special, and at 12 Euro per head expensive. (We had a smaller but nicer breakfast in an historic bakers shop near the hotel for under 10 Euro for the two of us). The lady serving breakfast was not friendly, and seemed put out when I asked (in French) for plates and a clean glass.Good:We had superb views of the Eiffel Tower from our bedroom and bathroom.The room and bathroom were clean, mould free and nicely decorated.The hotel is s short walk from the Eiffel Tower, and Les Invalides and other tourist sites are within walking distance.All the receptionists, night auditors and manager were polite and friendly.The hotel is about ten minutes walk from Ecole Militaire m茅tro station.The hotel is in a smart, but at the same time lively area with shops and restaurants.If you would like the superb Eiffel Tower view, ask for room 64. This was next to ours, but not next to the lift. However, you wouldn't have the view from the bathroom!This is a good hotel, but I couldn't say fantastic. Perhaps my expectations were too high having read some of the other reviews here.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>etan92612
<Content>Does the Job We stayed here three nights on Rick Steves advice. The staff was helpful. We got great directions and maps whenever we asked and received vouchers for a Seine cruise when we checked in. Had croissants and coffee in the morning in the little breakfast area. Tiny little elevator provided enough room for two people with one suitcase. Room 64 had a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower. Double bed took up most of the room and bathroom was very small. Shower almost too small to pick up fallen bar of soap. The cleaning ladies were absolutely charming. They sang Bon Jour as they greeted us in the morning. They could be heard singing alternate lines in a French melody as one cleaned the bathroom and one made the beds. Overall the hotel served it's purpose.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lizw2000
<Content>Beautiful Orchids A beautiful, small, cozy hotel close to the tower. Great little restaurants and shoppes close by. We had the room with the Eiffel tower view. The hotel was clean and the bed was quite comfortable. It was a beautiful place to spend the weekend of our engagement!!!! The lobby was small and quaint. The orchids were beautiful. The front desk staff member named Armeaud (i don't think i spelled that right) was terrific. A great ambassador for the hotel. Great service!!!The elevator was a very small, but two with luggage could fit quite comfortably.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jpinps
<Content>Amazing Hotel: My Home in Paris!!!!!! I usually don't send the time writing review as I travel a lot, but after my stay at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel I had to share with readers my experience at this amazing hotel!!! My last trip to Paris was not a good one but after my stay here I now have a new view for the entire city! It is like a home away from home!!! The staff was great!!!!! The front desk agent was like coming home to a friend! The rooms were clean and safe and very nice! The location was perfect! I would not stay anywhere else in Paris!!! To the staff at the hotel: THANK YOU!!!!!! You are all true professionals in a industry that has forgotten that it is called HOSPITALITY!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrea327
<Content>Decent Hotel for Paris The staff was very nice at the hotel. They gave us free tickets for a boat ride and a map of the city. They also called us a taxi for the next morning and let us check in early (10:30am instead of 2pm, I believe).The room was very small. My boyfriend barely fit on the toilet it was so narrow. The bed was a typical European bed, small and hard double bed.The place was clean besides the few ink(?) stains on the bedspread. The hotel had breakfast for an additional price, WiFi, and A/C although we didn鈥檛 use any of them. The hotel also had a lift which was very helpful when you have heavy bags and are on the fifth floor.The hotel was not very far from the Eiffel Tower, and you could actually see a third of it from our room. It was also pretty quiet for being right in the middle of Paris.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>juliennee
<Content>Awesome Visit! What a wonderful boutique Paris find! Hotel is in a great location, near the Tour Eiffel, and Dome Church, close to Metro, and within walking distance of Arc de Triumph and more! Arnaud was very helpful, and gave us great recommendations on restaurants in the area. If you are looking for a personal, quaint, friendly, clean, quiet, restful haven from the hustle and bustle of Paris, Hotel de Londres Eiffel is for you. We were recommended this hotel by a friend who has stayed there twice, and we were very happy. Remember, you are not in the states, rooms are small, but very clean, and private bathrooms with elevator. We will definately go back and stay! Thank you Arnaud for making our trip easy and a welcome sanctuary after a busy day sightseeing! We loved every minute.Julienne - Orange County, CA, USA  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Carlsons
<Content>Charming hotel, great neighborhood Our first trip to Paris was wonderful. A bit nervous about how we would be treated, we were relieved to find this haven after a long day of travel. We received a warm welcome and were soon in the twin room we had booked. Though small, it was immaculate, well appointed and quiet (at the back of the building). We were very happy with the location; easy strolling distance to the Eiffel Tower, around the corner from a market (cheap snacks and bottled drinks), shops and cafes, a short walk to the Metro, #69 bus (to Louvre), Pont d'Alma RER, and Rue Cler. Best of all, we felt a part of a real neighborhood; local residents going about their daily business, escorting their children to a nearby school, shopping and hurrying by on bikes and scooters to work or play.Hotel de Londres Eiffel, thank you to your wonderful staff for making our stay so pleasant. We hope to return someday!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Redleg71
<Content>Londress Eiffel My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Londres Eifel in mid-september. FWIW, I used trip advisor for all of the research for our european vacation and by and large the reviews from other contributers were fairly accurate. Bottom Line upfront- the hotel was nice, clean and affordable.For someone who had never traveled outside the states unless I was ona cruise ship, the size of the rooms was something you need to get used too. The rooms and baths are immaculately clean but they are small. It doesnt really matter because you will find yourself spending hardly anytime there anyways.a slight annoyance was the fact that despite numerous email confirmations they failed to have our eiffel tower view room available when we got there and put us on a lower floor. To compensate they offered us two free tickets for a cruise on the seine. (which was offfered without any complaining on our behalf-they genuinely felt bad for the mix up and we were so tired from the flight we just wanted to get in a room) The room on the lower floor was like a closet and I would STRONGLY suggest the tower view rooms which seem a bit larger and are nicer and are well worth the additional cost. We opted out of the breakfest and found numerous places to eat aroundthe Hotel. La Gourmandaiss which is on Rue de Grenelle seemed friendly to tourists and has great take-out breakest food at a fraction of the cost---plus its on the way to the metro.To our surprise, despite checking in to the smaller room, our eiffel tower room became open and the hotel moved all of our belongs up while we were out to lunch. Which was nice.The hotel also has WI-Fi so if you bring your laptop you should have no problem logging in. They have a computer in the lobby but it is a french keyboard and unless you read and write french will probably bea bit cumbersome for most.It is a few blocks from the Eifel Tower which makes for a romantic evening stroll and is a a short walk from the Metro Stop Ecole Militaire. There is also a Laundry right next to the hotel which is great if you plan on traveling light. All in all would a reccomend this hotel to a friend? Absolutely! but if going back myself I was not impressed enough to say I found the perfect hidden gem and might be inclined to see if there were some other alternatives. At 180 EUR a night you can't go wrong and if you are on a budget you will not have buyers remorse.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>sibua
<Content>a great hotel I stayed at the Hotel de londres eiffel for three nights. Found this little hotel to be a good base for exploring central Paris, being close to a lot of the sights and with good cafes and restaurants in the surrounding streets. I originally booked a twin room but was able to change on arrival to a double room.Room was very clean and comfortable.The hotel has a very friendly and excellent staff who are eager to help you, I did my check in with Cedric, who made my stay just Fantastic !!He booked me nice restaurants, calling taxis and gave me good informations concerning Paris(metro, museums, buses...), and places to go for rugby :) I highly recommend his help !Always attentive and able to help me for my requests.Breakfast was very good and fresh.The location is wonderful, the Eiffel Tower is very close, as is a Metro stop - so you can get around easily.If you're not looking for a fancy place but clean (and a great shower!), close to restaurants and transportation, this is the place.I had an absolutely fabulous time in Paris and it is a trip that I will remember fondly.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Edmonton017
<Content>Loved the Hotel de Londres Eiffel - Again My wife and I stayed at the hotel for seven consecutive evenings from late September to early October, 2007. We had previously visited the hotel for about a week in 2006 with our two adult children.As usual, we found the staff to be very helpful and professional. Cedric was very helpful and professional (as he was on our first trip) and helped make our second stay at the hotel most enjoyable. We also appreciated Ninette in the breakfast room where we ate every morning.The hotel is situated in a very good location in Paris (safe, clean) and is very close to the Eiffel tower. There are many fine restaurants nearby, especially in the Rue Cler market. Naturally, there is an abundance of grocery stores, bakeries, chocolate shops, etc. There are also several laundromats close by.Although the breakfast may seem a bit expensive (12 euros), it does include an assortment of meats, cheese, yogurt, fruit, juices, cereal, buns, croissants, coffee, etc. At nearby restaurants, you will need to pay about 7 euros just for a coffee, two buns and a juice. Once again, we found the hotel to be excellent and we would certainly stay here again. Thanks Cedric and Ninette!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jlejsek
<Content>Disappointed in Naperville Just got back from Paris and loved the city. My husband and I were hugely disappointed in this hotel. The hotel is in a great neighborhood- Rue Cler and is convienent to restaurants , patisseries and The Eiffel Tower. We had booked hotel about six months in advance with a written confirmation from hotel. I e-mailed them prior to our arrival to reconfirm. Everything seemed to be on track. We were to stay four days at the beginning of our trip and a final night at the end after returning to Paris from Loire Valley. When we checked out after four days Iwas informed by Cedric that owed for five days. I said no we only stayed for four. He said you told me you were staying for five. I said thats right but this time we are only here for four at which point he pulled out my fax to them which clearly detailed the dates we were staying. Cedric was very mad and said he had a room he could not sell. Why is this my problem/ He was the one who made the error in our dates. I told him repeatedly that we would be back on the 19th for a final night. I think he was so mad that he didnt pay attention to what I said to him very surly attitude. When we returned on the 19th we were told the hotel was full and no rooms despite my written confirmation. I was offered a free cruise on Seine and they managed to find another hotel for us albeit in a less concienent location. I was also told by Arnaund that is was my resonsibility eo schlep me own bags over to the new hotel. After I continued to protest he finally relentd and gave us 10 euro. Never recieved any apology from hotel-very bad customer service. I can net in good faith reccomend this property  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>mcarey
<Content>The best hotel in Paris!       Our adorable room  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dkmssmith
<Content>Fantastic Experience My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 days and had a wonderful time. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. Our room was cozy, clean, and comfortable. The location is great, with it being near the Eiffel Tower, Rue Cler (an exquisitely charming local pedestrian shopping area), bus stops, cafes, and a short walk to the Metro and the Seine River. The staff was always there when we had a question and they were great, especially since we speak no French. We would definitely stay there again and again. Thank you Hotel de Londres Eiffel for making our trip to Paris a joy!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maggalena
<Content>Lovely Excellent service, lovely petite rooms in a charming section of Paris that caters to tourists, but without compromising charm and ambiance. The staff went out of their way on numerous occassions to assist our family. We booked a seperate room for our teenage daughters. We always felt comfortable and safe and I would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>adnaud
<Content>Fine location, excellent Hosts It was by chance that our reservations at the other Hotels did not materialize,We wndered in the streets of Paris looking for some good Hotel as we wanted to be near the Great Eiffel Tower.We landed at the reception desk and here we came across Arnauld with his cheerful face who was glad and quick enough to accomodate us in a cosy room from with a view of the Eiffel Tower. As this was our first visit to Paris Arnauld patiently briefed us about the places to visit along with maps.We took his advice and were able to see Paris in a very short span of time. The room was cosy and the linens were clean, Breakfast was excellent and so was the staff.Basing on our experience I would always recommend Hotel de Londres Eiffel  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robthky
<Content>Great hotel in a Great Location Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in early August. The hotel staff was very helpful, the rooms were clean and although I do not speak any french, I had no problems at all. Very convienant to the Eiffel Tower (5 min walk). Nice choice of small cafe's and shops in the area. Skip the pricey breakfast and walk to a nearby shop instead.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maximus97
<Content>Wonderful Experience All Around We stayed at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel for 5 nights. Our room was very clean and tidy everyday. We also enjoyed the cleanliness of the bathroom. The entire staff spoke English and were extremely helpful with our transportation needs. I would definitely stay there again and will recommend them to anyone interested staying in a lovely boutique hotel near the Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelhavenOrlando
<Content>Very Nice Hotel in a Great Location We were supposed to stay at Hotel Appollon, the sister property to Hotel de Londres Eiffel, but when we arrived, they were doing some construction and they moved us to Hotel de Londres Eiffel. It was a great move! The location was fantastic--lots of nice restaurants and shopping. And the staff was really great! Cedric was very helpful. I will recommend it to my friends!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noles79
<Content>Rick Steve's was right again! We never travel without the Rick Steve book, and we always stay in one of it's recommended hotels. We've never been disappointed and this time was no exception. The hotel was very clean, very quiet and the location was perfect! We love the Rue Cler neighborhood... great shops, fantastic restaurants and very friendly people. The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcomed and to accommodate our every request. You can't go wrong if you stay here. Be sure to show them your Rick Steve book... the river cruise was a great bonus.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Davy_Gam
<Content>These reviews don't lie Great location, comfortable and well run. Would stay there again in half a heartbeat. 'nuf said.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pdxfam
<Content>Your Best Choice in Paris We stayed for three nights at this marvelous hotel near the Eiffel Tower with our two daughters, and loved it! The always helpful Cedric saved our entire trip with a last minute plane reservation when a travel agent let us down. The Rue Cler nearby is a delight, and you do not want to miss the Eiffel Tower at night. It is spectactular.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissa326
<Content>Stayed here for a week, it was great My husband and I stayed here for a week in May 2007 for our 10th anniversary. We were upgraded to a room with a view of the Eiffel Tower (Room 54) at no extra charge. We booked our room through e-mail and even had them make reservations for us at Altitude 95 ahead of time. That was all very easy. The hotel room was very small, as expected, but also very clean and comfortable. The hairdryer in the bathroom worked fine and it has a electricity converter thingy, so we didn't need to bring our own. I loved the bread and pastries every morning at breakfast and the coffee too. No, the woman who serves breakfast doesn't seem to speak much English, but this is France. And even though I don't speak any French I was able to figure out my coffee request (hint: noir means black). The elevator is small, but it looks newish, has a large mirror and works great, so even though I am claustrophobic, I never felt uneasy in the elevator. Arnaud was wonderful and very helpful. He made dinner reservations and recommendations for us several time and helped us navigate our way to Versailles and Chartres via train. Our favorite restaurants were Cafe le Bosquet (great mozzarella tart, frites and creme brule), Thoumieux (best onion soup I've ever had) and Le P'tit Troquet (fabulous endive-apple-cheese salad and pork wine stew). Every dinner we had was within easy walking distance to the hotel. One piece of advice. Arnaud can all you a cab, but they start the meter running as soon as they get the call, usually adding 4-6 euros on to the bill. Once it took over 20 minutes for the cab to come, causing us to miss our train and costing us 14 euros when we stepped in the cab. After that we figured out that there is a cab stand right around the corner and that was a lot cheaper! Check the map in the front of Rick Steves- it has taxi stands marked on it. I would go back to this hotel anytime!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karen99Florida
<Content>Great Stay, Arnaud was wwonderful       view from our room on the 5th floor  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Amanda_in_London
<Content>Spectacular service, perfect location               More photos  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mari0219
<Content>Flavor of Paris       View from room #64  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RMFRome
<Content>Charming and friendly, lovely room I booked the hotel based on previous recommendations and wasn't disappointed. The main important points for me were the friendly staff and lovely room. The front room I had on the second floor wasn't noisy (just a few US tourists every second day or so on the street or outside your room door by the lift but they didn't hang around long).Bring your own flannel/face cloth, body lotion, shower cap, teaspoon (no coffee or tea making facilities in the room and no food allowed and you might need it for eating food outside). Some rooms have a bath (not full-length) and the water was occasionally tepid at peak showering times over the crowded Easter period. I found the street view from my second floor front-facing room 'cute' and much more interesting than the quieter back-facing views.The free hotel internet access is standing up in a little kiosk, so useful for checking your email but not for anything more serious. Also explains why the kiosk is usually available when you need it. I appreciated French, US and English (Wall Street Journal, Herald Tribune, Guardian) newspapers available to guests in reception everyday.The hotel is a good five-eight minutes walk from the nearest metro, Ecole Militaire, but it was worth crossing the park to go to Dupleix or La Motte Picquet metro stops. Definitely take the 69 bus, at least as far as Bastille (its outward journey is along the Seine and the homebound one through the Louvre). You could also decide to take the 87 from the hotel to Bastille but the trip isn't quite as scenic. The stop for both is just off Place G茅n茅ral Gouraud on Av J. Bouvard (at the start of the park as if you were walking to the Eiffel Tower).The breakfast was fine but I preferred going to Rue Cler , even though it was more expensive, for a more Parisian atmosphere. Some tourists are disappointed that Rue Cler's not more exciting but I enjoyed seeing the same locals there every day and got chatting to some as well.At caf茅s and restaurants the French think it is an insult to offer you a carafe of water if you don't ask for it (presumably the gourmets stick to their wines) so don't feel annoyed at asking for some (de l'eau ordinaire because I am told de l'eau normale is still mineral water).Caf茅 Constant just a couple of doors away from the hotel does the best food but its atmosphere is very 'caf茅 like' and unexciting. Le Croque Au Sel just around the corner in the little Italian-like Square Sedillot has a much better atmosphere and its food is OK. Try and sit upstairs if you can. Their competitor next door looks even better (i.e. it was always more crowded), but I didn't get a chance to try it out. The square is literally just behind the hotel.Visitors who recommend buying a museum pass beforehand to avoid the long queues outside Gare d'Orsay are absolutely right! I didn't and ended up coming back latish on Thurs night (when it's open late) to avoid queuing for such a long time.Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>needtravelfix
<Content>Nice, Clean Hotel!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dpal
<Content>Hotel de Londres Eiffel I booked this hotel based on what I read from Tripadvisor and this was the BEST advise I have gotten. This hotel is very sweet and quaint I might say. Quite neighborhood. We stayed 3 nights the first week of Feb 2007. We paid 105 euros a night . The staff was very nice. Our room was very clean and the best olive soap, Queen Bed was firm and comfortable. Too cool was the flat screen T.V. with remote. Free Internet access is available in the lobby and offered english newspaper. Only two tiny things you need to know.........#1. The shower stall is really small. So If you are larger than us you might have a problem... I am 5'3 size 18 and my husband is 6'1 220 lbs. We were cutting it tight. It must have been made for smurfs......But The bathroom was Newly Remodeled ....Crisp and Clean  Modern. I loved that. #2. They DO NOT OFFER washcloths (facecloths). We had to go buy us kitchen cloths from the grocery store. I had to have something. :-). Our room ....I think it was room 24 .......it was facing the street...they are also small but that is the European style right. It was sooo cute. We went go downstairs and ask for ice.........they gave us 7 cubes. How funny. Better than nothing I suppose. Around the block we found a great little bar....in the mornings we would go there for our coffee....We did not eat at the hotel we just grab a roll from the bakery on our way to catch the sightseeing bus........and we would eat a big lunch somewhere. Also at night we would stop at the grocery store by the hotel get some salami  cheese and then stop at the bakery get some bread then go to our room and eat and have a mixed drink. We were tooooo tired to wait for the restaurants to open up for the evening and went to bed by 10pm.  We really like the location the most. The hotel is in a very short walking distance to the Eiffel Tower. Around the block from the hotel was a grocery store, liquor store, bars, and across the street is a Laundromat. We were in Paris 2-days. That was plenty for us. We saw everything we wanted to see......Eiffel Tower, Notre Dam, Louvre, etc. What we did was walk to the tower and catch the red double decker sightseeing buses.......2-days for 22 euros. Unlimited - on and off access. This was great. They have think over dozen drop-offs. One time we were tired.....and the sun was out that day.......so we just rode the whole route and sat up top and enjoyed the views. You see everything. They pickup every 10 min. This was cool.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>minkKC
<Content>Charming hotel near the Eiffel Tower          view from my window  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>McChin
<Content>Chez des Amis a Paris This hotel is tres Parisien--in other words petit in size (rooms, closets, elevator) but grand in charm! The staff--all of them, were friendly, helpful, professional, and well-seasoned (also multi-lingual, in addition to French, I heard English, German, Spanish, and Italian spoken). We stayed there for 12 days, so we did indeed meet all of the staff. The buffet breakfast was delightful. Each morning we were greeted with a BIG smile and a friendly Bon jour!; then a request of Qu'est que je vous sers?; followed by the prompt arrival of steaming hot coffee, tea (yes, they even serve herbal tea) or chocolat and a basket of sliced baguettes and croissants (alternated with raisin rolls and pain au chocolat) Guests are then free to serve themselves from the buffet--fresh fruit, dried fruit, fruit juices, muesli, corn flakes, milk, a good selection of yogurt, cheese and cold meats, pound cake, a delicious variety of jams and jellies, and of course . . . the distinctive, and very French, unsalted butter. With such a substantial breakfast we usually skipped lunch (in lieu of sight-seeing) had our afternoon tea/gouter and found we could enjoy a later dinner (again, tres francais) around 7:30/8:00 p.m. The hotel is situated on a small street (rue Augereau) in the tres chic 7e arrondissement. The Eiffel tower is a couple of blocks away (some rooms even have a view of it through the roof tops). Everything you need to make this your home-base is on the street or around the corner--giving you a chance to feel like a local! (A couple of good restaurants are on rue Augereau, there are cafes, a creperie, a pizzeria, an artisan boulangerie, patisseries, two pharmacies, a bank, and a post office all within a block; across the street is a launder-mat, a florist shop, a super-marcher, and a gourmet shop (think . . . pates, terrines, smoked salmon, etc.); next door is a hair salon, and two doors down in the other direction is an art gallery!) The metro stop is Ecole Militaire (about four blocks away) and a short two block walk takes you to the #80 and #92 bus stops (both lines run seven days a week, evenings and Sundays). The Seine is less than a mile away, and there's a great pedestrian street about a half mile away. Our room was very clean, with basic amenities--two twin beds right next to each other (the mattresses were VERY comfortable, firm, memory-foam style) night stands, a desk, closet, modern newly remodeled bathroom with toilet, sink and shower, flat screen T.V. with remote, telephone, and mini-bar. (Free Internet access is available in the lobby, as are a good selection of daily newspapers).The lighting was convenient and very adequate. There's also air conditioning--in February, we didn't need it. The long double windows opened to give us all the fresh air we needed, and the curtains kept the room perfectly dark at night. The decor was charming--bright, warm, buttery yellows, with rich raspberries and burgundies. There are six floors (take the elevator instead of the spiral stairs if you want to see yourself in a full-length mirror). The hand-penned and framed name plaques outside each door, identify each room by its French name! I was told the rooms are decorated individually, all within the same color scheme. The linens were clean and crisp, white cottons (changed every two days). In the closet were two extra pillows and two extra blankets--it was nice to not have to ask for them! The towels were basic white terry, some a bit worn, (changed every day). The olive oil and sage soaps and hair and body gels provided made a hot shower after a long day all the more luxurious and relaxing! Truly my nine-year-old son and I felt this hotel to be our home during our stay in Paris--or at least the home of good friends! I'll never stay anywhere else!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peggysue45
<Content>Great Eiffel View We booked this hotel on past reviews  were were not disappointed. Stayed 5nights Jan. From gracious Arnaud at reception to the room with a view. We were on the top floor (6th) with a fantastic view of the Eiffel Tower it is at night that you can really appreciate it when the lights twinkle on the hour. While the room as smallish is just added to the atmosphere with the very french wallpaper. The bed was comfortable  the bar fridge an added bonus. The shower was a little tricky due to the windows opening to the apartments over the road so one has to be a tad discrete until the windows mist up especially for tall people  while the lift is very small at least there is one unlike a lot of European hotels who do not have lifts but many flights of stairs to walk up. The tower is a mere 5-10min walk depending on how fast or slow one walks from there it is a short walk across the road to the river where we caught the Batobus river boat which is a hop on hop off version to the bus. From the river is another short walk over the bridge to the Trocadero area stand at the top  look back at one of the most amazing sights of the Eiffel especially at night - restaurants abound in this areaThe tube stn is a bit of a walk from the hotel especially with luggage glad we took a taxi instead from Garde De Noeud Stn which was very inexpensive - there is a well stocked grocery store, delicious pastry shops, restaurants  pubs in easy walking distance to the hotel even though it was winter we sat outside one of the pubs to have a drink as the smoke inside was unbearable but we believe the laws on smoking in France are about to change. Also do not try  shop in Paris on a Sunday as the shops in the opera area are closed this we found unbelievable something we are used to in Australia - some shops are open at the top of the concorde near the Arch de Truimphe. Found a great Outlet shopping village at La Vallee Village about an hour train ride from Paris but worth it to see the countryside  the bargins once we arrived. Do not miss a day trip to Normandie which was perhaps the highlight of our UK/Paris trip. Thank you Arnaud for all your assistance in helping us get around  for making our stay most comfortable The Aussies  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>minhwinn
<Content>Nice... You get what you paid for This is my first time I have ever written a review for anything. I thought it would be important to express my opinion of this hotel. We stayed at Hotel de Londres from February 16th through 19th, 2007. First of all, I booked this hotel based on what I read from Tripadvisor. This was the first time I used Tripadvisor鈥檚 advice. Sometimes one wonders if the reviews are from the hotel owners, employees, friends and family of the hotel. Regardless, this is my experience of the hotel.As a Valentine鈥檚 weekend surprise for my wife, I booked a double bed for three nights at this hotel. The cost came out to be around $417.00 USD. We arrived at the hotel from an airport shuttle (CDG airport; 17 euro per person). Once at the hotel, we were greeted by a real friendly female lady at the counter. I think she was either the owner or a manager of the hotel. I had emailed the hotel and requested a room on the highest floor as possible. Based on reading the prior reviews, I did not think paying extra for the superior room with a view of the Eiffel was worth the money. The nice lady directed the clerk to give us room #62, which was the highest floor and a view of the top half of the Eiffel Tower. We really appreciate the upgrade without the extra cost. As expected, our room was tiny and the shower was small, but overall the room was spotless. Both my wife and I are small (5鈥?6鈥? and we could barely fit on the bed. Maybe its the European thing.The free internet wireless was awesome. We were able to webcam and talk to our kids in California everyday for free using Yahoo messenger. There was a slight issued. Since we were on the 6th floor, there was no Wifi connection from the hotel, so I had to tap into the neighbors鈥?unsecured line. Keep in mind that the walls at this hotel are very thin. Whenever my wife uses the webcam and talk from our room, you could hear her in the hallway (she doesn鈥檛 talk loud, but the walls are thin). On our 2nd day, a family from the US checked into the hotel with kids. 2 years and up. They were on the 1st or 3rd floor and we could hear them from our room (at 1am) so we went out for a walk and came back at 3am. By that time, the kids had fallen asleep鈥? That鈥檚 the biggest disadvantage of this hotel. I was unable to sleep 2 nights out of 3. Just my luck. I am a very light sleeper and in the middle of the night, I could hear the people next door using the bathroom. Yes, water from a person (pee) and into the toilet then flushing. If you are a slight sleeper, may want to consider.The location of the hotel is okay. It took us about 10 minutes to walk to the Eiffel Tower. On our last day at the hotel, again, we were unable to sleep and got out of bed at 5am and went for a walk to the Eiffel Tower at 6 am... Its nice to see the Tower without the other tourist. The other attraction at this location is Cler Rue, as mentioned by others. I thought this would be a big open market, but I was disappointed that the market was real small and it took us about 5-10 minutes to walk through the market. On our last day in Paris, we were near the Notre Dam and found a great location. I think the street is St. German or something like that. If you get a chance, take the underground train and visit this place. Lots of shops, restaurants and people (tourists, locals, etc.). I wished we knew this place sooner. Overall, I think this hotel is okay. If we visit Paris again, I won't stay at this hotel again due to the location and noise, but hey... you get what you paid for....Best of luck.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	5	3	4	

<Author>greggcl
<Content>Winter Break In Paris Hotel Londres Eiffell       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>finickytripper
<Content>Comfortable room in great location We found this hotel to be charming, well-decorated and very comfortable, and in a very good location. The Eiffel Tower is a short stroll away (although that seemed in hindsight less important than it sounds), a delicious bakery is just a few doors down the street for a nice breakfast (more important than it sounds), Rue Cler is 10 minutes or less; the metro is unfortunately a little further. Bathrooms were functional and clean; room was a little small; no significant views to speak of. Internet service was easily accessible in the small closet in the lobby. The elevator was a little cramped and involved two doors to enter and exit, but was a welcome hassle vs. climbing two stairs with luggage. We found the front desk staff helpful but a little stuffy. The recommended Indian restaurant down the alley was fantastic. Overall, we were pleased with the stay here.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>Muralmakerinnewark
<Content>Tidy and charming Paris hotel       Hotel de Londres Effel, front view at night  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>smlworldtraveler
<Content>Great hotel, great location The hotel is at a great location, off rue Saint Dominique and near the Eiffel Tower. I would walk past the Eiffel Tower each day to get to the RER station also metro line 8 is nearby. I loved the fact that they had free wi-fi on the property, which helped keeping in touch with family over the internet and looking up places to visit for the next day very easy. The front desk personnel was very friendly and helpful, all you had to do was ask them. The Salon next door does a wonderful job if you want a hair cut. Though it does help to know a little french or write down what you want done to your hair. I would definitely come back and stay at this place again!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>antiquebusiness
<Content>My Favorite Hotel in Paris I travel to Paris on Business once or twice each year. This is a very charming hotel with very polite, friendly and helpful staff who I have come to know as friends. I have tried several hotels in Paris over the past several years and this is definately my favorite place to stay. The staff all speak english fluently. The hotel is very comfortable and clean. All the rooms have been renovated and redecorated more than once during the time I have been visiting...the owners have a good eye for detail and the rooms are very nicely decorated. The staff try hard to make sure each visit is enjoyable...I can't say enough about them they are so nice. The breakfast room is really warm and cozy and the food and service is wonderful. The lobby has free internet that works great and is a big plus (most hotels in paris charge for internet use). Theres always a beautiful fresh bouquet of flowers in the lobby and complimentary news papers in English and French. The location is ideal near the Eiffel Tower, and is on a small quiet street near good restaurants and nice shops. Theres even a laundrymat steps from the front door...oh and a grocery store just a few steps further. You really can't beat the location. Writing this review has made me want to make plans for my next visit. I highly recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brianshodge
<Content>A Good Hotel in Paris We booked the Eiffel Tower view room and the sight was spectacular, especially when the Tower sparkled at night! The room was very, very small but exceptionally cozy. The bathroom left a lot to be desired with a shower that had a glass panel that only covered the first quarter of the shower, the rest of it was left open. There was a window looking out over the street in the shower and we constantly had a feeling of being watched while showering. The shower itself was ridiculously too small and if you're over 5'8 or so you will find it an unpleasurable experience having to keep your head in one spot to keep it from banging up against a wall that feels like it's caving in on you.The location was wonderful and only minutes from the Eiffel Tower. The staff, to me, was just average. They didn't go out of their way to do anything exceptional but they certainly did their job. This is a nice budget hotel in Paris with some things to be desired, but in a phenomenal location. If you can afford the extra few euros and you don't mind a dainty shower, I would definitely go for the Eiffel Tower view!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>rodeogirl
<Content>leaves alot to be desired 6 of us stayed there late Oct. 2006. 2 of us were in a room on the first floor near the kitchen. Noisy and no ventilation. Staff misled us that the air conditioning would be fixed and it was not; we were finally told on the last full day that they were transitioning to heat so no a/c would be on. The vent/fan did not work in our room. Lift was out the first day for 2 of our group that travelled early. Small rooms; showers small, not very functional. Manager was angry at us for asking about the ventilation issue. Had to argue about a price adjustment for 4 uncomfortable nights. Not close to a metro station but close to Eiffel Tower. Nor were there lots of good restaurants around but breakfast places were good. Nothing was cheap.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmc78041
<Content>Great Hotel Had a great stay in the Londres Eiffel, all the reviews were true, it is a perfect place to stay. The area is very nice and safe and had all the convenieces that you need.There is a great supermarket around the corner where you can buy water and snacks at much cheaper prices than the news stands or souvenir stores. We paid 2 euros for a 6 pack of Evian water so we stocked up and did not have to pay the high prices they charge at the places you visit. There is also a great bakery next door to the supermarket where you can get fresh bread and the daily special of 1 sandwich( about a foot long) a drink and a great dessert for about 5.80 euro, great for a picnic at the park in front of the Eiffel tower.A self serve laundry is in front of the hotel, they charge 3.80 euros for a wash load plus 1 euro for the dryer. A pharmacy is in front of the bakery and you can get almost all the same items as a US pharmacy.The staff in the hotel was very helpful and answered all of our questions. A great little hotel with all the charm you expect of a Parisian stay.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RA8
<Content>Like Being at Home in Paris       Enjoying the view and morning coffee  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mevlana
<Content>Quaint and so Parisian! The hotel was as charming as its picture in the website.The staff was very helpful with all questions and needs. The atmosphere was friendly and quaint. My mother, sisters and I looked forward each morning to the breakfast buffet. There was an excellent selection and it really helped us prepare for a heavy day of sightseeing.I liked the location: close to the Eiffel Tower, restaurants, a laundry mat across the street and a grocery store around the corner. The hotel was very clean and well-maintained.I would definitely choose the Londres Eiffel on my next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wheelwatcher
<Content>A wonderful stay We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The location is great, close to Rue Clar. The rooms are very small, but clean. It was a five minute walk to the Eiffel tower and handy to public transportation. The bathroom was clean, but so tiny. Be sure to ask for a room with a window to the street, the ones in the back are a little dreary.There were wonderful cafes and markets all around the hotel and two very good restaurants on the same street. Be sure to try Chez Agnes right next door for a very unique experience. Also, my favorite meal was on the same side of the street at the other end at a place called La Varengue, best beef bourguigonne ever!The best part of this hotel is the location. The only thing we found hard was it did not include breakfast and we had no access to make tea of coffee.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>bengo4
<Content>Small but just what we wanted       View from "view" room  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tswanson
<Content>Classy hotel The experience of staying in this hotel is nothing short of perfect. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The accomodations are clean, comfortable, and charming. The location of Hotel Londres-Eiffel is great for site seeing, for shopping, for sipping a vin rouge in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower. You can never get lost because the East Pillar of the Eiffel Tower, which is visible from almost anywhere, always lets you know where your home away from home is. I definitely will go back.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>30thanniversary
<Content>Lovely Simply stated.....everything was LOVELY.....everything....we're not even waiting a whole year to return....  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MHB01
<Content>Highly Recommend We are a family of 2 adults and 3 kids aged 11, 13 and 15. We stayed for four nights at this hotel at the beginning of August, 2006.We found it through Trip Advisor, and so it is only fair that I write a review after staying there. Everything I had read on Trip Advisor turned out to be true and we have a great experience at the hotel.Arnaud was terrific and extremely helpful. The hotel has an elevator, however, the rooms that we were given were not accessible by elevator. Arnaud carried every piece of our 9 pieces of luggage up two flights of stairs for us. When we left, Arnaud was off that day, however we had help bringing the luggage down from the gentleman on duty at the time (his name escapes me right now)The hotel is walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and if you love to walk, you can walk almost anywhere from the hotel. Rooms were very small but we were only there to sleep. Hotel was very clean.I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rskeen
<Content>Charming little hotel My 80-year-old mother, my sister and her three daughters (age 17-30) just returned from Paris, where we stayed at the Hotel Londres Eiffel. In view of some of the negative recent feedback from reviewers, I wanted to add my opinions.First, the location is ideal. It was very convenient, with a lot of sights within walking distance (including of course the Eiffel Tower). A few blocks away is the Rue Cler area, a popular pedestrian-only street with lots of shops and restaurants; and there are many convenience stores and fine restaurants just around the corner from the hotel. Second, the hotel itself was impeccably clean. Our room was small, but not too small, and the bathroom was very nice and bigger than in most European hotels. The beds  pillows were very comfortable, and we heard no street noise whatsoever.Third, the staff was courteous, helpful and friendly. They assisted us with hotel recommendations, reservations, shuttle service reservations, etc. , -- and they speak English. We thought the breakfast was good: a selection of breads, crossants, cheese, ham, yogurt ,and cereal, along with fruit juices, tea, coffee and hot chocolate. This was perfect for all of us because we wanted something more substantial than croissants or pastries. The woman serving us every morning was very friendly and upbeat. An added bonus: I loved being able to use the hotel's internet connection in the lobby to send email to family back home. (The keyboard is French, but you can switch it to an English keyboard by clicking on the icon on the bottom right of the computer screen.)My family entourage all agreed that the Hotel Londres Eiffel was far better than other places they had stayed in Paris, and we all agreed we would stay here again. Next time I'm going with my husband, and this hotel is where we'll stay.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gimmel1
<Content>Fabulous value We stayed in this hotel in the middle of August. I found it to be comfortable, safe, immaculate and in a great location. The staff are pleasant, professional, well informed and very helpful. It is an easy walk to Rue Cler, the Eiffel or the metro. Cafe Constant is literally next door. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TjLaura
<Content>Good enough hotel Stayed here in July during a heat wave. We were happy that the room had air conditioning. Before arriving they had offered a cot for our baby but when we arrived there was an extra bed and no cot. To be fair with did not complain about this, since we found it easier for our son to sleep with us, so we don't know what they would have done had we done so. Our room was on a second floor but the only way to get ther was through a dark staircase that had some winding and weird steps, there was no lift in that area of the hotel. To get to other rooms there was a lift available. On our arrival we were helped to get our heavy suitcases to the room but on departure it was up to us to carry them down the stairs. The breakfast was very poor and had very little choices, I think this is the way it is in most french hotels so it's probably not a particular problem to this one. The ladies who served breakfast spoke nothing but french, so if your french is not too good you might be in a bit of trouble. The reception staff was not particularly helpful to us. I agree with another reviewer who wrote that they cater to USA tourist here so that might have been the problem since we're not Americans. The location is the best thing about this hotel. There are also several restaurants in the area as well as 2 laundrymats and a supermarket just around the corner. They also have free wi-fe internet access which was a plus. If you want a place close to the Eiffel Tower stay here but be sure to ask for a room with lift access. If the location is not an issue for you I'm sure that there are better places you can find.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>MargaretinNashville
<Content>Very nice, pleasant hotel, well-located My husband and I stayed here as part of the Rick Steves' one-week tour of Paris. The hotel was very nice and clean. The rooms are small, but nicely kept. Bathroom was larger than we expected, based on the other reviews we read. Nice shower, with excellent water pressure, room 35, on the third floor. Hotel has both a small elevator and stairs. Breakfast was nice, breads, cheese, fruit, yogurt, juices, coffee, etc.Staff was very nice -- weather was in the 90s during three of the days we visited Paris, and the hotel was very nice to take care of my husband's request for ice each afternoon.The hair dryer they provided did the job, and I did not have to unpack mine, and we also did not need the power adapter we brought, as the dryer unit also had a 110-volt US-style electrical plug, which we used for charging my husband's shaver and camera battery.I don't think we could have had a better location for a hotel...it is located close to everything, but also enjoys the benefit of being on a quiet street. Being able to use the internet (in a small room that looked like a phone booth in the lobby) was very nice to check email...but the keyboard is French, which means many of the keys are located in odd places (for Americans)...but we adapted.We would definitely stay here when we visit Paris again.On an entirely separate note, the myth that the French are not friendly is just not true!!! Everywhere we went, we had pleasant experiences. Be friendly and kind, and you will be treated in the same manner....and learn one or two French phrases, just to show you are trying!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JD143
<Content>A nice stay We stayed in the Hotel de Londres Eiffel for two nights in early July. The hotel was nice, and the staff was courteous. The room, while small compared to a hotel here in the states, worked just fine for us during our stay (we really didn't spend a lot of time in it). Everything seemed clean, bathroom was a good size, and the mini fridge was a plus for keeping a few drinks cold. The location of the hotel was just right for us. Despite reading reviews that the area was more residential (and had fewer shops, restaurants, etc), we decided that we really wanted to be near the Eiffel Tower. We loved the area, and found a few great little restaurants right nearby. The Eiffel Tower was just a few minutes walk (and was even more impressive than we expected), and there was a Metro station nearby.Overall, we enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider staying again!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LindyM
<Content>Surprised by all the great reviews We stayed at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel in late May 2006. Our room was on the main floor , and the doorway to the dining area was immediately adjacent to our room. This door banged shut all evening long and then started up again in the morning when the dining area opened up. Our only encounter with the management / staff / owners was when we asked if we could possibly change rooms - we were told NON. No help whatsoever. We noticed that the owners(?) seemed very friendly with all the American guests - however being non-American - we also seemed to be 'persona non grata'. In fact - we couldn't say if they were the owners or not - because they simply ignored us completely. I would have thought it was us - but some other non-American guests commented on the same thing and said that since the hotel is listed in Rick Steve's books - the owners are definitely catering to Americans. We were on a round the world tour and this was the only time we ever felt anything less than welcome anywhere. Despite this - we loved our stay in beautiful Paris and loved the location of this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>kabie55
<Content>A great hotel! Just returned! A wonderful location- neighborhood and restaurants make this the perfect paris hotel! Our room was wonderful- the view of the Eiffel tower and watching the light show at night was a delight! The breakfast is very good BUT be sure to clarify whether it is an additional charge or included with your room. All hotel personnel are helpful and offer great suggestions! The 1/2 day trip to Giverny and Monet's house was great and the hotel arranged everything!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and value We had a wonderful two day stay at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel. The location was great with only a short walk to the Eiffel tower. The metro and bus stops were also close. The staff were very helpful with buses, taxis and directions.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MM08
<Content>Manhattanites have excellent stay       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LAworld
<Content>Loved our Stay We recently spent four nights with our two children at this small hotel. We booked two rooms. The rooms have everything you need (air con, hair dryer, very clean, quiet), but are very small. The staff is extremely helpful and made excellent dinner reservations for us (our favorite was Le P'tit Troquet). The hotel is surrounded by great food shops, bakeries and restauants. There are also two laundrymats across the street which is especially important when traveling with children. It is an easy walk to the Eiffel Tower and to boat rides on the Seine. We loved to buy a picnic lunch from the local shops and and walk the couple of blocks to the Parc du Champs de Mars. We found it to be a lovely hotel in a quiet and convenient location.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DarylFielding
<Content>Great location, great value. Stayed here on a tour of France. Rooms typically small and parisian, but well appointed and clean. The shower room was very clean and surprisingly big. Common parts not particulary spacious but loads to do nearby including the tower as others have mentioned. The market nearby is fantastic for fresh food, and people watching. And the confit de canard shop opposite is stunning.I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rick Steves Paris Tour Hotel We stayed at this hotel mid May with the Rick Steves Paris Tour. The hotel was extremely clean and was in a great location. A stones throw from the Eiffel tower made it a breeze to pack a meal, a bottle of champagne and sit under the lights of the tower. High speed internet access made it easy to check in with the folks back home. If your looking for a nice place to stay in a great neighborhood this is it!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>one4one
<Content>Everything was Great! Made a last min. change to the Hotel de Londres-Eiffel .What a excellent choice! Spotless rooms .Super location. And a wonderful staff! Arnaud who was on duty was Very helpful in making our Paris stay enjoyable helping set up tours. and let me add Perfect English! On our next tripto Paris we will stay at the Hotel de Londres-Effel. Thanks Arnaud and Cedric !  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HOTEL LONDRES EIFFEL PARIS               
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent place to stay near Eiffel Tower One great thing about the hotel was its proximity to the Eiffel Tower as it was literally about three blocks away. It was also a 10 minute walking distance to the metro; same short distance to RER which took us straight to Versaille, and 10 mins from Bateau mouche on Sienne river where we took the boat cruise. Location is good, however the rooms are tiny tiny tiny except 101 and 102 which were larger and more comfortable. Bathrooms are very clean, ok size with great water pressure. Breakfast for 12 Euros was average. There are many good eateries and restaurants near the area. All in all, I had a nice stay.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jeckel13
<Content>Rick Steve's City Tour Hotel         
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute hotel in ideal location My girlfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in March after finding the hotel on Trip Advisor. The good reviews we had read didn't let us down and we thoroughly enjoyed our time here. The room was small as expected but perfect for our needs. It was spotless and cleaned daily, and warm and snug which was perfect for the cold nights! The hotel was in a great location, with the Eiffel Tower only a short walk away. The staff were very helpful and they even put up with our broken French! We thought the hotel was good value for money. When we return to Paris, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>six_in_the_city
<Content>Comfortable stay A very clean hotel, I mean the you can see yourself on the bathroom floor tiles clean, excellent ENGLISH speaking staff, great service. last place I stayed at a hotel was Riviera and Flamingo Las Vegas and it is just not fair to compare this hotel to the likes of Vegas'. NOW some other facts (i'm not ramping or de-ramping here, just saying the facts, you'll be the judge yourself):1. you WILL get woken up by the garbage truck at midnight!1.5. Broadband connection (just make sure you change the keyboard settings from Fr to En on the bottom right, otherwise...)2. the little fridge inside the room is NOT plugged in (make sure you do that yourself before leaving cheese in there!)3. the rooms ARE small, 2.5m x 2.5m(excl. bathroom) max, and that's if you have a twin bed.4. on TV, the only English channel is CNN.location wise though is GREAT. very near eiffel (5 mins walk) and you'll find lots of stuff in St. Dominique where the hotel is.fun stay!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sangro
<Content>Perfect Stay in a Great Neighborhood My wife and I stay at the Hotel Londres Eiffel for four nights in March as part of our ten year anniversary trip. We have stayed in the Rue Cler area before and it remains our favorite base for Paris trips. We arrived with no reservation (not a problem in March) and stayed in a double room with a view of the tower on the sixth floor (room #64) for 120 euros a night. Rooms closer to the street with no view were a budget friendly 95 euros a night. Our room was nicely appointed with the best bed we've had in Europe and the real pillows were a plus. The bathroom is wonderfully modern and spotless. The room also has a mini-fridge and small flat screen tv. Employees throughout the hotel were friendly and helpful if we had any questions. Breakfast, included in room price, was extensive for Paris. It had meats and cheeses, cereal, yogurt, juice and of course plenty of bread. Free internet access in the lobby is another perk. Hotel is five minute walk from the eiffel tower and about ten minutes from the nearest metro stop. The area is littered with reasonably priced restaurants. Cafe Constant next door to the hotel is great for a quick, cheap meal is your tired or its rainy. Check out Pizza Tina also for great pizza at a good price in a welcoming atmosphere.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice little hotel My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights a couple of weeks ago, and we both found it to be very nice. The room was small, but that is what we have come to expect from Paris hotels. We had a queen sized bed, two closets, a mini-fridge and a flat-screen television. The room was kept very neat and clean, which we appreciated. The bathroom, although well maintained and modern was very small - especially the shower. Every time I turned around I would bump into the shower control and turn it off (and I'm an average sized person).The hotel staff was very nice and very helpful. They all spoke English very well, which was helpful as we stumbled through our French.The area around the hotel was great too. It is very quiet, but there is a lot to do. You are 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, and also very close to places like Napoleon's Tomb and The Musee d'Orsay. Just remember that many restaurants are closed on Sunday and Monday, so if you're going to be there those days, eating out is a little slim.If you can, make your reservation with the breakfast included. Unfortunately, we only took advantage of this one morning as we overslept the first day. But it was a great breakfast with good coffee.I liked it here and would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WWDPerth
<Content>A Most Pleasant Stay My wife and I stayed for seven days (6-13 March). All of the positives mentioned in previous reviews were confirmed. Helpful staff, convenience to sites and quiet surroundings made for a pleasant visit. We will certainly recommend the Hotel de Londres Eiffel to others.Incidentally, we selected this hotel based upon reviews in TripAdvisor and comments in Rick Steves' book Paris 2006.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rejoyce1976
<Content>Great Hotel let down by its bathrooms This hotel is in a great area, easy to find, with friendly helpful staff. The room was nicely kitted out (go for the pavillion des Poets) but I was very let down by the bathroom. If the batroom was better I'd have no hesitation in giving full marks, but while clean our bathroom had flickering lights, bad drainage, flooded easily, the stopper for the sink didn't work plus the shower fitting didn't fit into the stand/holder. These are area in which they can easily improve. Great free Internet and WiFi!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sebastion
<Content>A great place to stay in Paris The Hotel De Londres Eiffel is a small, cozy, and quite charming hotel with a very friendly staff. Cedric, Alec, and Pierre were particularly helpful, as well as the room attendants, who kept the hotel spotless. The owners, who stopped by several days during the week, were very nice and gracious. The hotel is so conveniently located to bakeries/restaurants, shops, metro, and the Eiffel Tower (only about a 5-minute walk!). Rooms are small, but very clean and comfortable, with mini bar and private bathrooms. You can't beat it, especially for the price. It is a refreshing change from the larger, more impersonal hotels. I recommend this hotel highly and would definitely stay there in my next visit to Paris.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is ideally located five minutes walk from the eiffel tower.There are great transport links to this hotel. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautiful exactly what I had in mind when I booked this hotel and when I think of what I expect from hotels in Paris. The room was comfortable with a big comfy double bed, flat screen TV,two wardrobes,desk and chairs, mini bar(reasonably priced 2.80 euros per item)and a bathroom with shower. Breakfast was great and set us up for the day. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Paris.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Etwall, England
<Content>Friendly, Clean  Excellent small boutique hotel three minutes walk from Eiffel Tour. Wonderful breakfast, decent prices on minibar items. Extremely clean and safe enviroment, updated rooms. Lots of shops and markets within 2 block radius. Stayed here with 2 six year olds this week, the staff couldn't have been more friendly to the boys. The price is amazing for the quality of this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>such a great spot!            
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great small hotel Spent a week at the Hotel de londres eiffel. English speaking staff. Clean rooms but small. No restaurant but plenty others close at hand. If you are not looking for luxury and want to experience the local atmosphere I would recommend this hotel. A bonus is that it is 3 blocks from the Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DougDenver
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel for 8 days in early November 2005. We were in one of the two top floor rooms with a partial view (from about the 2nd level up) of the Eiffel Tower - Room 62. The Eiffel Tower looked close enough to touch! This hotel is located in a perfect location. There are a couple of awesome bakeries within seconds of the hotel's front door. There is a small grocery store just around the corner, and a number of cafes in the area. The Eiffel Tower and Rue Cler are a five minute walk away, the nearest Metro station can be reached in ten minutes. However, we found that the Latin Quarter, Notre Dame and the Champs Elysees are all within easy walking distance. Our room was clean and comfortable, and Madame Prigent and her staff were wonderful. We would definitely recommend this hotel. I know we will stay here again on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Absolutely fantastic! The staff was extremely helpful and the hotel is in an EXCELLENT location! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Paris!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sam&Peggy
<Content>Charming, comfortable in classic Paris neighborhood A very comfortable, personable hotel in a very comfortable, very friendly neighborhood (the 7e) . Quiet, and just the right scale, though some might find the rooms small, they were well appointed and recently remodeled. Staff particularly accommmodating; changed our room (to a lower floor) and adjusted rate accordingly with a smile; made excellent dining recommendations; all within easy walking distance, a real convenience since the weather when we were there was frigid. (Loved the corner restaurant Cafe Constant.) Also small shops and bars in the neighborhood quite welcoming and diverting. All and all, a great off season getaway well served by a well located and welcoming hotel.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel near eiffel tower lovely stay and staff, we will rocommend you, hotel is just near the eiffel tower, and the Ecole Militaire Metro station is five minutes, the room was perfectly romantic clean and modern, free wireless and internet access.fitzerald.c  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yukiKauai
<Content>What a sweet hotel! We had read one negative review and hesitated booking this hotel. How glad we are that we ignored it and ended up here. The staff is friendly and helpful... the room was recently renovated, extremely tasteful and comfortable, the hotel is near everything yet tranquil. Five stars!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flippitti
<Content>Helpful staff, great location  We just returned from a 10 days stay at this hotel over Christmas and New Year's Eve. The staff was incredibly helpful and accommodating (our flight arrived early in the day and they let us check in earlier than usual), it's in a great location (10 minutes walk to nearest metro, 5 mins from Rue Cler, just around the corner from shops and all kinds of restaurants, 5 mins to Eiffel Tower and about a 15 minute walk to Champs Elysees), and the rooms are very reasonably priced, especially for Paris. We had a queen size bed in a room facing the front but since this hotel is located on a quiet street, rooms in the front were very quiet. The bathroom had been updated, hot water was always available, and we got clean towels every day. Internet access in the lobby always worked. The rooms are small by American standards but this is Paris and everything about this hotel is very Parisian. That's why we love it!The staff was helpful and always available with the answers to all our questions. They helped us with maps, directions and arranged shuttle and taxi service for us. I'm already planning to stay here on our next visit to Paris in a few months.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Loved this hotel.The staff was wonderfulThe location is central to everything  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ferguss3
<Content>Wonderful room with a view We just returned from Paris yesterday. We stayed 6 nights at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel. We had one of the rooms (#64) with a view of the Eiffel tower. The room was nicely decorated. The bathroom had been renovated and was nice. The shower stall is very small in comparison to the U.S. but clean and lots of hot water. The room is small by U.S. standards but probably good for European standards. We had a TV with a couple channels in English (CNN, Eurosport). There's also a small refridge in the room. We stocked the fridge with things from the supermarket just around the corner, which saved greatly on the cost of drinks and snacks. We highly recommend the bakery (patisserie) around the corner on Rue St. Dominique. The pastries were so good I had to return every morning. Pain du Chocolat and Brioche Swisse were wonderful for me - I love chocolate. Everyone was very nice and most people speak at least some English. The little Italian place on the other end of Rue Augereau was wonderful for dinner a couple nights. We didn't like the average fare of sandwiches with very bland meats and no mustard or spices. But we were able to find some excellent alternatives. We had dinner at Cafe D'Esplanade at the end of Rue de Grenelle one night. Expensive (140E with tip) but well worth the trip. The chocolate cake (gateau) was soooo good we had to go back another day and get one for take-out. Le Dome cafe around the corner on St. Dominique was only fair. We loved Paris (this was our honeymoon) and would love to go back again. My new husband even cried the day we left. Ah sweet Paris!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SharleneKelowna
<Content>Perfect Holiday,Quaint Hotel We just returned from spending 3 days in Paris, and found this Hotel the perfect place to stay. It was decorated nicely, extremely clean, and in a perfect location for the tourist. A quiet little street, and only a 5 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower, 10 minute walk to Pont Alma Rail, and lots of little restaurants and bakeries in the vincinity. The staff were helpful and had good suggestions for sightseeing. We found the Rail (Alma station) very convenient for getting to Versailles (only 2.80 Euro) one day. The next day we took the rail the other direction (only 1.40) right to the Notre Dame, from there we walked to the Louvre, then down the Champs Elysees to the Arc de Triomphe, back towards the Eiffel Tower (which was a great landmark for our Hotel) stopping to do a Seine River cruise,(right by the Pont Alma station). Then walked back having dinner at the Champ de Mars corner Restaurant for dinner, which was a great place to watch the cars and many scooters manouver the intersection. A full, but great day and a great vacation.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tlansdell
<Content>Great Hotel....tough parking! A great hotel conveniently located to the Eiffel Tower. Parking is difficult as is the driving in Paris, but if you get lucky, take the bus/metro everywhere. The staff was very curteous and helpful. They arrainged for Moulin Rouge tickets for us the day of the show. We had a great view of the Eiffel tower from our hotel room. I would skip the breakfast, and eat at any of the many cafes close by. Also, the shower was rather small.....so don't drop the soap. Otherwise, we will be returning to this hotel on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, charming accommodations Stayed here a week with Rick Steves tour, with an additional two days at the beginning of the tour, and an additional two days at the end. Staff was very friendly and helpful, even finding us a doctor when we needed one. We look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel de Londres Eiffel! This was my first trip to Europe, and Paris turned out to be an excellent place to start! My trip was was part of a 7-day guided tour through Rick Steves' Europe Through The Back Door and our group of about 25 stayed at the Hotel de Londres-Eiffel for the duration.The Hotel de Londres Eiffel was absolutely wonderful! The staff was very courteous and helpful, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and modern. The staff gladly helped in any way possible, reserving shuttle service, as well as providing much-needed directions for getting around the city!One of the best parts of staying at the Hotel de Londres Eiffel is its close proximity to the various sites of the city, including the Eiffel Tower, the Rue Clair shopping district, and the Metro subway station at Ecole Militaire.All in all I was very, very pleased with the experience, and recommend the Hotel de Londres Eiffel with both thumbs up!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Eiffel Hotel We are Americans and have stayed have stayed in Paris twice, both times at this hotel. It is very clean, accommodating and very friendly atmosphere. The staff is so helpful when you are in trouble, like losing your luggage. A special thanks to Arnot!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommend Hotel de Londres Eiffel This was my first time in Paris. I used this site to book our room at Hotel de Londres Eiffel. We loved the location and the close proximity to the metro, Eiffel tower and the neighborhood. The staff was excellent but I did have to iron my clothes in the dining room because there is only one iron in the hotel and they wouldn't let me take it to my room but I would still stay there again. I wouldn't bother to have breakfast in the hotel, it is 12 Euros and not worth it. We ended up going to the bakery that was a 20 second walk around the corner. I was very sad to leave as Arnaut (manager) waved good-bye to us.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wha a wonderful place to stay         
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MDAdams858
<Content>Very Quaint On our first trip to Paris 2 weeks ago we stayed at a charming little hotel near the Rue Cler district. It was the Londres Eiffel. The room, albeit small, was incredibly comfortable. clean and with an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower. As an American, I'm used to huge rooms with lots of space...not so in smaller hotels in Europe. It was close to the Metro, the Eiffel Tower and all forms of transport. Beakfast wasn't included in the price however, it is served and was quite good. The employees from the managers to the service staff, were all very helpful, pleasant and willing to do whatever was needed to make your stay a memorable one. They have just remodeled the bathrooms which increased the desireability, in my opinion, as the shower in our room hadn't been done yet. They did show us the new, improved bathrooms and they are beautiful. We will be staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hardison918
<Content>Excellent choice in Paris Our stay in Paris was for our 25th wedding anniversary and we were immensely pleased with the Londres-Eiffel. From the moment we arrived we were greeted by Madame Prigent and her staff and found everything to be wonderful. We booked one of the rooms with a view of the Eiffel Tower and weren't disappointed. The room would be considered small by American standards but was what you should expect in most of Europe. The draw for us, aside from the view was the queen size bed (unusual for European hotels). The neighborhood was great, a real slice of true Paris. The 2 bakeries nearby certainly didn't hurt. The area is also home to some wonderful restuarants. Sergio's for Italian and Tables du Mars are just two wonderful places we ate at during our 2 weeks. Also, if you feel the urge, there are 2 laundromats close by. (just in case you don't want to wag the dirty clothes back home). All in all the Londres-Eiffel provided us with a wonderful place to stay to compliment our memories. We're already hoping to go back and stay again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Immaculate location, Heavenly stay! My first trip to France and I stayed in the best hotel in Paris! I recently stayed at the Hotel Londres-Eiffel at 1 rue Augereau in Paris with my 9 year-old daughter. I had thoroughly read Rick Steve's guide to France and chosen this location based on price, accessibility to sights, safety, and ammenities. From the moment I left the airport, my driver informed me that I was staying in a residential area of Paris, away from noise and over-commercialized areas. However, I was within a 10 minute stroll to the the Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire, Champ Du Mar, and the Metro! The service was streamlined beyond belief! I literally felt at home. My daughter and I even slept later than at home because the hotel was so quiet. I slept peacefully knowing the door downstairs was always locked and attended. A twenty minute walk led us to the Champs Elysee and Les Invalide. The patisseries and neighborhood restaurants offered many choices and friendly conversation. The merchants welcomed us as if we were native. With certainty, I have found my hub for my next trip to Paris. Isabelle and Arnaud, you are the best!!! Say hello to Katie (the dog) as well!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! Helpful Staff.   showReview(2879048, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(2695645, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good if you are just looking for a clean place to sleep   showReview(2293971, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a wonderful parisian hotel !   showReview(2094580, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming little hotel   showReview(1803594, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rexvaughan
<Content>Wonderful staff   showReview(1643144, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scootoir
<Content>Alas no shower curtain prevents our return   showReview(1563879, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel londres eiffel   showReview(1386209, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mali2007
<Content>small rooms   showReview(1101612, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elastoform
<Content>Traum Hotel in Traum Lage !!! Klein aber Oho !!!   showReview(23310000, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FIEVRE
<Content>SEJOUR TRES AGREABLE POUR VACANCES DE NOEL   showReview(23241843, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amipierrot
<Content>Super recommandable   showReview(22106938, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cadoudal1
<Content>jolie vue sur la tour eiffel   showReview(21809343, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>freboulleau
<Content>super hotel   showReview(21735789, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agence.thomas
<Content>Ein wundersch枚nes Hotel mit Pariser Charme in bester Lage       View room 62 March 2007  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anja.c-k
<Content>Romantisches Hotel in der Stadt der Liebe   showReview(5881707, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

