<Author>oz_rocks
<Content>true to its name 5 star + The Sheraton is a magnificent hotel. It was so lovely, my wife and I are going to find it hard to enjoy other hotels. We are going up to Noosa this January and staying at the Sheraton up there, so I hope we will experience the same service. Check in staff friendly and helpful. Our room was very spacious and the view of the park and the old church was great. The buffet breakfast was delicious, with a huge variety of food available. The location is central to shops and The Rocks area is within walking distance. We would definately recommend this hotel and we will definately stay again. If you are looking for something interesting to do, try a visit to the Jewish Museum in Darlinghust its a great place to visit.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>71gav
<Content>Great Branding This is our third stay, and we love the hotel. it's obvious a lot of time and effort has gone into the hotel and staff training.However they have forgotten the little things that do make a difference.Great branding does not make up for great service.Stay here, love the location and the well appointed rooms, but forget about there being a connection between you and the staff.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>TravelerDB
<Content>Great location We went to Australia for our honeymoon and Sydney was kind of our hub b/c after taking side trips we always ended back in Sydney. This hotel is in a great location and the park accross the street (Hyde Park) is really nice. The rooms are spacious (as long as you get a king room bc the queen are SMALL) but they are all fairly clean. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 b/c when we checked in Mel who was the floor mgr was incredibly rude that it made me want to cancel the reservations. Luckily the rest of the staff was OK. Also when they say city view don't expect much b/c you are probably blocked in with tall buildings. Other than that, the stay was nice and I would book there again if coming back to Sydney specifically b/c it is centrally located and easy to get everywhere!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobertoChile
<Content>Great Hotel Fantastic hotel, in a very good place in downtown Sydney facing Hyde Park and close to the main commercial streets and shopping center, as well as the main atraction as the Opera House, Habour, etc.The rooms are wide with modern and warm furnitures. The bathroom is very wide for the normal bathroom at the hotels, ahving shower and tub.The hotel has a nice swimming pool at the highest floor with a wonderful view of the city and the harbour.Recommended for business or tourism.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sandluc
<Content>Great value weekend stay at the Sheraton I spent 3 nights at the Sheraton on the Park over a weekend and got their fantastic '3 nights for the price of 2'' deal. Having stayed here 5 years ago it was great to see they haven't let their rooms slip - infact it was great to see they have added the must have'' big LCD tv. I booked their standard room and payed $520 for the 3 nights. Having stayed at most of the major 5 star hotels in Sydney over the last few years I would rate their standard room as one of the best available. The beds are fantastic, the bathrooms are big and spotless and I love the electric blinds. They certainly don't feel like a standard room.The hotel's location is great - close to trains, the park and has easy access to the shops. The staff we also very helpful in planning a trip around the North Shore.The Sheraton rates with the Swissotel my as best value stays in Sydney and look forward to returning again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravellingThoughts
<Content>Great Service I arrived at 9:30 a.m. after 24 hours of traveling, and I had no problems getting a room right away. I booked an executive king suite, which was surprisingly spacious with a beautiful black marble bathroom that had a soaker tub and a separate glass shower with amazing water pressure. The room was very quiet, and the bed very comfortable, however, the best part was the hotel staff. I had difficulties getting into my room safe at 3:30 in the morning, and the hotel security was at my door in less than five minutes. The next morning at 3:30 a.m. (I wake early) I requested ice, and within 5 minutes someone was at my door with a silver champagne bucket filled with ice. The concierge booked my return arrangements to the airport, called jazz clubs to find the best acts, investigated high tea options, and fulfilled many other requests. Because the hotel is surrounded by restaurants, I did not try the dining room. My only complaint - no free wireless internet connection in the room, however, there is free wireless service in the lobby along with several terminals and printers.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GUJUsweetpea
<Content>Abova beyond My wife and I spent a week in Sydey and booked this hotel with Starwood points. Positives:-Excellent location: literally in the center of the city; on Hyde park, walk to waterfront, Opera House, old part of the city, harbor bridge, aquarium and chinatown. 1-2 blocks to all shopping, in the center of the business district, so-so many restaurants to choose. 20 mins to Bondi beach and zoo.-Clean, Modern and Elegant: rooms were excellent size, very modern and clean, restaurants and bars in the hotel were top notch. Free high speed internet.-Staff were helpful, kind and curteous: exchange money at the desk w/ no fee; provided maps, directions, tips for sightseeing.TRUE STORY: after a long day of touring (walking) we didnt want to leave the hotel, but really felt like eating chicken schnitzel (saw it while touring); the chef actually made it for us while the restaurant was still closed and served it at the bar so we could have a view of the park. on top of that, the chef customized the rest of the meal to our taste (chips, rocket salad). its not like we were VIP's- we booked with points!TRUE STORY: A bottle of water went missing from the mini-bar, and when we told them we didnt take it, they removed the charge without a fuss. (This actually happened to me with a lousy Snickers bar in Florida, and I had to see the manager about it!)Negatives:-Honestly, none. No kidding, my wife wants to move to Sydney now...  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>btna
<Content>It was OK - nothing special My best friend and I stayed in a Park View Twin on the 8th floor for 3 nights in November. The Reception staff were pleasant and the check in service was efficient. The lobby is quite impressive but I did notice that the flowers arrangements behind the desk and by the lift were a bit dead looking and in need of changing. They were fresh the next day but I think the the hotel ought to consider changing them on a more regular basis as dead, ratty flowers bring down the tone.  Curiously, the young woman at reception told me they were fully booked for the weekend - which I found interesting seeing as I had only booked the room a half hour ago (having walked out of the Establishment, where I was originally booked). I have no idea why she told me that. Perhaps it was just chit chat? They were awfully busy when I arrived. I would describe the room as reasonably clean; ie) it was not dirty enough for me to complain but it neither was it spotless. There was dust on some of the cabinets and the armchair was badly stained. A wine glass I wanted to use had grubby fingerprints - that sort of thing.  I got the impression that this hotel is more geared for businessmen than for holiday makers because the room decor is quite masculine. Also, there was no drawer space whatsoever, There was only one sink in the bathroom and not much bench space for toiletries. For two women getting ready to go out this was not so good.I could see up through the top of the bathroom's sliding doors up into the ceiling and see the air conditioning pipes and insulation which I thought was pretty poor. Unfortunately the air conditioning does not tell you what temperature you are setting so we alternated between too hot and too cold which was a bit uncomfortable.  Apart from that the room was quite nice with a lovely leafy green view of the park. It was larger than most hotel rooms I've stayed in in Sydney - around 40 m squared - which is good for two singles. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was clean and the shower had amazing water pressure, which we really enjoyed.  A good sleep in is something I also enjoy while I'm away but unfortunately, one of the cleaning staff entered our room on Saturday morning at around 8.30 am and woke us up.  We had room service the first night. it was very good and arrived promptly. The buffet breakfast was also very good but ruined by the attitude of the duty manager who asked if we wanted coffee then poured one for me but not my friend and stomped off. The percolated coffee was dreadful - stewed and cold. We ordered flat whites instead. I don't know if we've been charged for this yet because I still haven't received my invoice by email. (We chose an express checkout because the hotel was very busy on Sunday.) We also had to queue for breakfast on the last day but not for too long. This hotel is in a very convenient location. We walked to the Art Gallery and also picked up some wine and snacks from David Jones, just around the corner.  Overall I would describe the service as good but not outstanding and the room as comfortable but certainly not luxurious. The hotel is more 4 star. Definitely not 5 star for the reasons I've given, above.  Our stay was OK but I really would have preferred to stay somewhere luxurious. I do research on the net before deciding where to stay when travelling but sadly it's still always pot luck, isn't it - particularly in Sydney :/  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>sydney_beach_gal
<Content>Lovely Hotel! The Sheraton is very nice and plush, and brilliantly located. Check-in was swift but there was fairly long queue at check out with a few extra staff just standing around - not too helpful when you lingered too long at the fantastic breakfast buffet.Room was gorgeous and spacious, and the bathroom was lovely. I like it when 5 star hotels give you high-end brand name toiletries (l'occotaine etc) but the sheraton brand is fine. Had a lovely night and the bed was divine.The breakfast buffet was impressive - sets the standards for all other hotel breakfasts in sydney! Except for plunger rather than expresso coffee :( But the omelette chef is fantastic!Reasonable value. Probably not quite five stars but pretty close!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Bren07
<Content>Sheraton in the City... Booked Sheraton on the Park in Sydney for 5 nights. Firstly the location is great, right across from the park, around the corner from the main shopping street (Pitt Street). and about 15 minutes walk to Circular Quay / Harbour Bridge/ Opera House / Rocks. This was not my first time to Sydney so I had an idea of where I wanted to stay location wise and this hotel certainly did not disappoint.The check in was easy and they were very welcoming. I do agree with other reviews it is very business guest orientated to a certain degree but they were just as nice and helpful to the holday / leisure guest. Our room was not ready when we arrived as we were there around 11am, but it did not bother us, they stored our bags and we went out for a walk around the shops. When we arrived back they had our bags delivered to our room so we did not have to do anything except collect the key.The room was very impressive. HUGE marable bathroom with a shower from heaven. The room size itself was again HUGE, loads of storage space, great big LCD TV, sofa for chilling out, electric blinds to keep all light out in the morning when you want stay in bed. The room really was as good as it gets and this was their standard room, would love to see what the superior or suites were like.Ate in the restaurant 3 times. This again was great, try the seafood buffet - out of this world - loads of choice and great value for money. Also have an A La Carte menu too in the Brassiere.Had scones and coffee in the lounge and again service was good and very relaxing.We asked on booking for a room up high, as I was afraid of traffic noise as I am a light sleeper they put us a floor from the top - 20th, which was nice and quite. Lifts are plentiful and very fast so you are not waiting around for ages.The staff here are a credit to the management of the Sheraton. Housekeeping staff service the room daily and would come back at a time that suits you if you were not ready to leave your room. They kept the place spotless.Restaurant and bar staff again are top notch and nothing seemed to much for them, so friendly and efficient.OK so it sounds like this place is just perfect and in my opinion its not far off, but there are a few little things that they could do with looking into. Water in the room is not free, and is expensive - so go down the road and get yourself bottle. In a 5 star hotel you would expect a small bottle of complimetary water by your bed each evening.Entrance into the Leisure Club is at a rpice and again in a 5 star establishment and the prices they are able to charge it shoud be included. That I am afraid is all the negatives.I would definitely stay there again and intend to do so on my next return visit and would recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gownie
<Content>Good Hotel I really enjoyed my stay, even if it was only 1 night! The staff were excellent, especially the young girl on the front counter (I think she had a badge that said she was a trainee). The view was not the best but we only booked a city view. The block out curtains and shutters are a nice touch.The bathroom was great and loved the products.Our rate included self parking and breakfast, the best value package if you can get it, I would suggest that you call the hotel direct if you cannot find a rate that includes these things, you may find you can get it direct. The parking is a must as it was for 24 hours and because we did things the following day we could leave the car all day and travel around on the public transport. This in itself is worth $40- $60. The breakfast had everything and more!!! Then we requested a late check out and they kindly were able to supply it - I think they may have been quiet the next day. So that helped with a young child and a midday break.Thanks again and we are staying in again in November.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>hulahunny
<Content>Great hotel with a great location       King Bed  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Andy123Northampton
<Content>Great hotel This is the second time we have stayed here, it was great last time and it was great this time too. Rooms are big, we didn鈥檛 have much of a view but since the hotel is in the city it doesn鈥檛 really matter. Bed was big and comfortable, large flat screen TV, DVD player. Bathrooms are the big plus in the rooms at the Sheraton, large with marble floors, bathtub and shower. There are lots of facilities within the hotel as you would expect, business centre downstairs had free internet access (4 pc). Great covered pool on the roof too.Staff very friendly and efficient, sometimes in hotels of this size staff can be a bit snooty but in both our stays here we have never found this.The hotel is about 20 minutes easy stroll to circular quay and the rocks, nice restaurants (we tried Zia Pina in the Rocks and although the food was good the staff were rude as they leaned over you while eating) although perhaps not as many as you might expect. Buses and taxis are plentiful if you don鈥檛 want to walk.We didn鈥檛 have breakfast at the hotel (usual high prices) if you exit at the rear of the hotel onto Castlereigh Street and turn right there is a nice place for breakfast - Take a break caf茅, approx $14 for a full breakfast (not Sunday), turn left there and is a Subway sandwich shop. We wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to stay here again when in Sydney; we got what we think it a pretty good rate direct from the hotel ($220/night).  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>countryNSWBam
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stay here for work on occassions. The rooms are lovely and the service is always friendly. The beds are extremely comfy and the bathrooms are 100 times larger than the wentworth. The only negative would have to be the prices in the bars and for room service. If you order room service you will pay an $8 delivery fee on top of the already very expensive prices. A coffee in the tea gallery will set you back around 7bucks and a beer is around $8.Apart from the prices its a lovely hotel!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dubaikate
<Content>very disappointed with service Location for this hotel is great but the service and attention was not Shereton. I travelled woth my 4 year old son off a long haul flight from UAE. On arrival room not ready and proceeded to hit me up for another night accomodation. Room service, telephone calls cost were over the top and inacceptable.Asked for my breakfast be be delivered to my room as my son was ill from the flight..wouldnt do that so it took my son to vomit on their restaurant floor to get some attention. This hotel is a business Hotel mon-fri deal not for international travellors or anyone that expects some service and attention (yes most of us). I am very disappointed as I am originally from Sydney.Did I complain well yes but it fell on typical Australian deaf ears. Suggestion..try Hilton !  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>melbournelass
<Content>Good for business travellers, if they have their act together..!! Would suggest this is more appropriate for business travellers than those seeking quality time together.My initial thoughts were not as impressive as despite having booked and receiving a confirmation from their website they had no record of the booking. Combined with a somewhat officious little man on reception who curtly said that I was at fault and not the hotel, I was able to negotiate a free drink while they got their act together.Some 40 minutes later I was in my room.Adeqiately sized for a 5 star property and with all features you would expect.Central location with good views of park.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>HappyTravellers25
<Content>Excellent choice We had three fantastic nights at this Hotel recently . We booked an Executive floor Club Room and from the moment we walked into the Hotel until the time we left, the level of customer service and attention to detail was exemplary. Alex completed our check in, we were upgraded to a corner room with both park and water views and told if we were not happy to come back and they would find something more suitable. Great service.As for the Club room facilities it more than met our expectations. The staff were extremely friendly, the service was exceptional and the ambience just about perfect. We chose this Hotel because of the reviews on Trip Advisor and were definitely not disappointed in any way.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DevMarc
<Content>Very nice hotel This hotel is lovely and ideally situated right in the middle of downtown amidst the skyscrapers, and directly across from Hyde Park and the Royal Botanic Gardens. It is walking distance from the Sydney Harbor (where the bridge and opera house are) as well as Darling Harbor, where there are numerous restaurants and bars. It is also right down the street from one of the most amazing shopping complexes, called David Jones. From the outside it looks like a regular dept. store, and then you go into this labyrinthine mass of stores that goes on forever and extends onto a pedestrian-only street. It also has the most extensive food court I've ever seen...the best food we had in AUS was definitely in the food court...and it was inexpensive. (Elsewhere in AUS the food is pretty substandard, although everyone serves with a smile!) Inside the hotel, the TIMES restaurant was ordinary and overpriced, but the Botanica Brasserie was magnificent for brunch and lunch buffets, although not cheap. The Internet is available for free in the lobby, but you'll have to wait, if you don't have your own laptop. The only thing I didn't like about the room was the lack of drawer space.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martrese
<Content>Very Comfortable for Business Trip, Wouldn't Book for Personal       Tons of closet space!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lovingagoodholiday
<Content>Nice Experience We arrived to a large amount of cars and people outside the hotel, obviously a function had just finished or began and the staff were very busy. Not withstanding this, we were able to hand over our car quite promptly and without fuss.The foyer of the hotel is not overly large but quite elegant, with nice lighting and furniture. The check-in was fast and friendly. Our king bed, park view room was well appointed, clean and spacious. The television wasn't flat screen, but worked well and was a good size. Tea/coffee facilities were very good, with nice mugs instead of those tiny cups that hold nothing. Cupboard space was very good with plenty of hangers.The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom a delight; black marble with white fluffy towels; a great shower with lots of hot water, a full sized bath and large sink area. No drawers or cupboards, but we managed without.Breakfast was very well organised with plenty of seating and the immediate service of hot, strong coffee in a pot. (Don't you hate waiting for those refills?) The buffet was very good with lots of variety and has the best bacon I've ever had in a Sydney - lots of well-done crispy bits, as well as soft rashers as well. A very nice weekend stay and would highly recommend. :)  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WhiteChinaCat
<Content>Really liked this hotel I stayed in this hotel 10 years ago, and hated it. However, this time I was at a conference in the hotel. I found the hotel remarkably improved. Location is excellent (clearly that hasn't changed), views from Park Rooms were charming (looking over the newly cleaned cathedral spires through large trees). Staff could not have been more helpful. Food in restaurants was delicious. Nice bars to meet friends. And finally - no stuff-ups. If you stay in hotels all the time, you'll know what I mean. There were no problems with room key cards, reservation was correct, correct room provided, room service excellent and fast, no unauthorised charges on account, no problems with air-conditioning etc.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amaunette
<Content>Friendly staff, great room We stayed for two nights in this hotel for our anniversary. From the minute we arrived out of the taxi until we checked out, the staff were really friendly and willing to help in any way. We arrived at 11am and hadn't requested an early checkin, but they accomodated us with no hassles.We stayed in a King Hyde Park Room and although the view wasn't as great as we expected, the room made up for it. The room was clean, the marble bathroom is lovely and the bed is super comfortable. We had buffet breakfast included and found this to be a great addition as the food was great. We also really enjoyed the high tea served in the lobby restaurant with a glass of moet!Although this hotel is on the pricey side, the location and level of service is well worth it. We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yibbert
<Content>Really good hotel in great location This is a great sheraton property. It is very centrally located and the rooms are great. The fitout is exceptionally good and the views (over the park) are very nice. The rooms are exceptionally clean and all the common areas are bright clean and well maintained. The hotel is in a great downtown location and are very close to the harbour. The staff are excellent and i could not fault any aspect of our stay. I would also mention that the facilities are (as you would expect) limited because of the downtown location but this did not limit my stay in any way.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GetAroundGirly
<Content>Home away from Home- Love this place and the staff! When in Sydney doing business, or taking my family for a well deserved break, we are always treated especially nice.I have stayed here on many occasion over the years and have always felt like so welcome, my only gripe is they have closed the walkway through to David Jones...not happy...now I have to cart all my shopping back by myself!To all the staff keep up the good work  love the breakie buffet.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dancemonkey
<Content>OK - but you could get better value elsewhere I stayed here for three weeks, which is a long time for any hotel. While the staff were generally fantastic, very friendly, the hotel really needs a bit of a refresh, I was staying on an executive floor and the rooms, while very spacious, really aren't up to the standard of a hotel which charges $400 a day, and then throws additional charges on for the internet ($30 per day), to use the gym ($15 per day), etc. Other things were really up to scratch, the selection of in room TV and the room service menu were also very limited. On the plus side, the hotel does have a great location.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jojoMelbourne
<Content>Relaxed stay We stayed for one night over the long weekend and had a good experience. We also arrived early, and they tried to get us straight into the room but unfortunately it was unavailable (we hadn't expected it to be available!) But they checked us in, took our bags, and when we came back after hours of sightseeing we picked up our key and our bags were in our room - all very easy.The room was nicely fitted out, hotel lobby was very impressive, serivce across the board was good and helpful. Hotel is also in a great location. Only minor downside was drinks in the Level 1 bar on the Sunday night - I just dont think they had anticipated the crowds on a Sunday night of a long weekend, and they were woefully understaffed, which led to the staff being stressed, spilling drinks because they were trying to rush, etc. But it was understanable! The drink prices were extortionist, but that is what you get in a hotel bar.We booked direct on the hotel website for $250, and I thought it was good value.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>worldwidevan
<Content>Great service and comforable room I truly enjoy my 4 nights there. Though it is a bit pricey, it worths every penny. The room is superb. Most staff are very friendly and accommodating. I really appreciate that they allow an early checkin, which is 10am in the morning. It is so helpful to travellers who just went through a long overnight flight. I have to say that the service I got here is way better than the Peninsula in Bangkok, where the infrastructure is brilliant but the service is just average.Breakfast was included in the booking and the place is quite impressive. Pick a window seat and enjoy the lovely park view. I particularly like the abundant choices of juice. The only negative feeling is I found some Asian staff a bit cool. During my check-in the lady at the counter rarely smiled. And when I enquired my phone bill, she gave me am impatient answer. I am also an Asian and I find it very strange. After all, it is just tiny thing and I would definitely return when I visit Sydney next year.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>KylieOberon
<Content>Would stay again Really lovely hotel, in a great location.The entrace to the hotel is just beautiful , sweeping staircase , marble etc.Check in was good and they allowed us acess to our room a few hours before check in.Room was lovely, good size, nice view of the park and a wonderful big bathroom, even a small walk in closet.Breakfast was amazing - it was by far the best breakfast I have had in a hotel in Australia- try to get it included in your room rate.Service was very good, staff very friendly and accommodating.Location was fabulous especially for Sydney shoppingWould definately stay again  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Business_Asia
<Content>Not Quite Perfect While the Sheraton compares favorably to the other five star hotels in Sydney, it fell short of what I expect from a premeire SPG property and International five star level of service.I had two rooms during my five night stay. Upon check in the first night I was given a room with twin beds while my reservation was for a non-smoking king. I am a base SPG member (previously a Gold ). It was too late in the night to complain and get a new room. The twin beds were not suitable for a 6' tall person.The room features, cleanliness and functionality were commensurate with a five star property.When I changed rooms for the 3rd through 5th night I was told that they would roll my account into the new room. While on business I like to separate accomodation charges from food and beverage for my expenses. Upon checkout I found that my room was closed out and it was not possible to separate the bill without a manual invoice.I had to leave before the day manager could whip up a manual invoice.The concierge was capable and helped me with a movie reservation.One of the low points of the hotel are the very ordinary service upon check in. No one helped with luggage on my way in or out. Not acceptable for a five star hotel.The other thing is the very dear price for food and extras. Internet is $30, two trousers and three shirts was almost $70 standard service and a charge for excersise room if you are not SPG gold or above.While the room service food was quite good, the price far excedes any of the other five star hotels I have been in Sydney; Hilton, IC and Swiss Hotel. There are better values in town. Drop downstairs on Casteleigh street and get an egg sandwich and espresso for $6!If not for the poor welcome and check out experience, I would definitely stay here again on my return and eat out but I will try another hotel just because of this.Caution if you are not on an unlimited expense account.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	2	3	2	

<Author>invisigirl23
<Content>As expected Efficient and friendly check in, simple swipe of the credit card as expected. The room was lovely, recently refurbished, very comfy beds.Bathroom was large  clean, although it was a bit dark even with all the lights on so a bit hard to put make up on!I didn't get to try the breakfast so can't comment there.In summary, and excellently located, grand, if unremarkable stay.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Canberraguy
<Content>Great Hotel in a Fantastic Location This was the first time we have stayed at the Sheraton on the Park, but it certainly won't be the last. A great central location- close to St James station, David Jones, Pitt Street Mall, and of course Hyde Park. The whole hotel has a lovely warm ambience, from the grand lobby to the guest floors, and our room was newly renovated with a large marble bathroom, walk in wardrobe, and the Sweet Sleeper bed. Service was friendly and professional, and all requests were accommodated.On the whole, we enjoyed our stay much more than other five star hotels in the CBD.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bevchris
<Content>Perfect hotel in perfect location We have stayed at The Sheraton on the Park many times now and we are never disappointed. The service is always outstanding and our room has always been spacious and comfortable. The location is perfect for both business and pleasure and is handy to many great restaurants. This is by far our hotel of choice in Sydney.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JohnUSNSD
<Content>Outstanding Location and Property Navy visit to Sydney. Great get-a-way from being at-sea. Location is perfect. Staff is very accomodating. Rates very resonable for location---in the heart of everything.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hibit
<Content>Really very pleasant stay I stayed here three nights as part of a last minute business trip. All hotels in Sydney are good value compared to London (home) prices so the value of course seems great to me. The hotel is newly renovated and everything is in perfect condition. I had a standard room which was large with large bathroom and small walk in closet. Location is great - not quite as close to Circular Quay as the Marriott or Shangri-La but easily walkable in ten minutes or less. Concierge is very helpful and I would particularly recommend the buffet restaurant. In the evening they have a wide range including lots of seafood.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kangagirl
<Content>Loved breakfast - but I don't want to pay twice! This is a gorgeous hotel perfectly located for shopping in Sydney.We were a little disappointed that our room faced a boring office wall, which made it feel a little enclosed - but otherwise the room was great - very large, big comfortable bed, massive bathroom and very generous closet. At night we had some noise from neighbours on each side, although the blackout blinds cut out street noise.I highly recommend the mojitos on the terrace of the Conservatory Bar overooking the park, and dinner at Times on the Park was delicious although a little pricey.Access to the health club was part of our package and it was well equipped. A work out was needed to build up the strength to face the breakfast queue - probably 20 people lined up for tables, which then translated into long waits at the buffet. However, the staff stayed cheerful and served juice and pastries to those in line.Our package included parking and we were welcome to leave the car in the parking station while we shopped after checking out, which was great.I noticed a few reviews commented that they were charged for breakfast even though it was in their package - happened to us too - I'm glad I'd read the reviews and watched out for it!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LuvSydney
<Content>Great Place to Stay! I booked my stay here after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and I am very happy that I did! The staff was friendly and helpful, rooms were nice and clean. I recommend getting a room vith a view of the Park. Also it was very convenient location right across the street from Hyde Park and St. James Station. It only took us 5-10 minutes max total to get to Circular Quay . Shopping Malls and Shopping Arcades were around the corner. Concierge is very helpful and friendly, not snobby like other hotels. I highly recommend trying their breakfast buffet atleast once, (it is pricy $40 per person, but a lot of variety and great fresh fruit)\If you don't have much luggage very easy to hop on the train to St. James station to get to the hotel, its faster than taking a cab. Cab to hotel is about $35-$40.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NeedATravelFix
<Content>Great stay, just shy of the 5-star mark Sheraton on the Park has a prime location (as the name would suggest) on Elizabeth St right next to Hyde Park, and a short walk from most major businesses and Sydney attractions. The rooms were very well furnished and comfortable, and the bathroom was gigantic and gorgeous (separate shower and tub). My only hesitance, and why it's not five stars in my book, was that there was slight evidence of wear in my guest room. The desk chair looked a bit used, and there were a couple chips in the bathroom vanity and toilet. It may sound very nit-picky to call those out, but when everything else is so superb, you do notice the little blemishes.I enjoyed the fact that turndown service was available but not mandatory - as I often find as a business traveler that it occurs at times when I'm actually in the room. The concierge staff was quite nice, and directed me well on all occasions. Staff members were always pleasant and helpful without being overbearing. If you do go in the summer - I would recommend the rooftop pool - the view overlooking Hyde Park is gorgeous (and it wasn't even a nice day when I went). Room service is a bit overpriced, but there is a Starbucks right around the corder, along with a Food Court in Sydney Tower down the block if you want to grab food instead. Overall, a great hotel that I would solidly recommend - based on their reputation, I am confident that if brought to their attention, the blemishes would be quickly fixed.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>EmaAustralia
<Content>Sheraton did not dissapoint We had a great stay at the sheraton, I booked the room as a package through last minute.com which included a twin room buffet breakfast and self parking.As we were going into the city to shop we parked early and had no hassles, when we arrived back at the hotel late evening we were exhausted and just opted for a room service dinner.. I have never in all my travels had such a great room service meal. The beds were comfy, bathroom was big and impressive and buffet breaky had it all.The only down side to our stay was there was a fire near by and we could not shower that evening. That was not the hotels fault.I would definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kramax
<Content>High Quality Hotel I had not stayed at the Sheraton on the Park for close to a decade, loving as I do the Stamford at Circular Quay for my regular trips to Sydney. However, due to its proximity to the shopping and the reviews on this site, I gave it another go. The hotel is of a high standard and apart from the door staff, who did everything they could to avoid eye contact or to provide a greeting, the staff are friendly and helpful. Particular kudos to the room service staff and housekeeping who are very pleasant. Reception was professionally efficient. The Hyde Park view room was decorated in an impressive way, the multiple and sometimes unusual prints on the walls (including a Picasso sketch!) were unusual and pat on the back to the decorating team for not going for the usual boring bird or plant prints. The bathroom is huge, almost all black, fantastic bath and great toiletries. I still can't fathom though, why housekeeping cannot clean a bathroom mirror each day, notwithstanding the $300+ fee each night, not to mention the light layering of dust on tables and other surfaces. Nonetheless, the rooms are impressive. Apart from the soullessness of this hotel, the cost of the room service menu items is outrageous! With delivery fee, TWO eggs, will set you back almost $35!! A steak, over $50! The meals I ordered were well presented, generous servings and above average, but they want to be for the price. The mini bar prices are equally outrageous. The sheer gall of the hotel pricing for food will put me off staying there again, I just don't like being taken for a ride! I do recommend this hotel, but the three night experience makes me feel like I wasnt there (apart from the damage to my credit card for those darn room service meals!). The place has no soul. Don't let that prevent you booking in though! (The trees are so overgrown in Hyde Park, that it is not worth paying extra to look at the top of the trees, you can't see the park.)  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>oasiscalm
<Content>Stunning City Hotel       Ship view  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>waiheke
<Content>Beware of al la cart meals in the restaurant We stayed in the Sheraton on the park for three nights in March 2008. The entrance and lobby area are impressive, the staff friendly and helpful. Our room was large with a good size bathroom which had a bath as well as a shower. The room had all the amenities you would expect from a hotel of this level and price. Our room was at the back of the hotel but the rooms at the front have views over the park, but at an additional cost. For all services such as housekeeping, maintenance, room service etc there is only one number 鈥済uest services鈥?to dial. I think all hotels should have this feature, no dialing one number for one thing and another number for something else. Another feature we liked about the room was the electrically operated blackout curtains, nothing worse than having light leaking into a room at night.Unfortunately the Botanica Restaurant was another story. It is basically set up as a buffet restaurant. The buffet breakfast was great with a large choice of food. We did not sample the dinner buffet but it looked very good with a seafood bias. Unfortunately we dined al la carte. Once for dinner where the food was just OK but for the price not up to expectations, and once for a light lunch where the food was terrible. We both had a burger but could not finish them as they were burnt and dry. The waitress handled the situation very well and took it back to the kitchen and offered complimentary desserts and coffee. I filled out one of the 鈥渉ow was your meal鈥?cards which I always assumed went straight into the bin but to the Sheratons credit the food and beverage Manager contacted us and wanted details of why we were dissatisfied. To sum up the Sheraton on the Park in Sydney, good rooms and good guest services. On the downside eat at the Botanica Restaurant if you are into buffets but eat elsewhere if you want al la cart service.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cactusqueen
<Content>Sheraton was great! Just stayed with several other people at the Sheraton for over a week. It was a business stay for my husband and other working folks but a friend and I were sightseeing while in Sydney. The hotel staff are all very friendly, the rooms very spacious and quiet. We faced away from Hyde Park and there was construction going on outside on the street, but it was hardly noticable. The bathroom was large with a nice shower and large tub. The hotel also has a nice pool, spa and sauna on the top floor, with great view of the CBD. It is close to a subway station to get around and close to the monorail as well. It is expensive, but not as expensive as the Hyatt, which has a better view (friends also stayed there and I saw their room), but the room sizes at the Hyatt are much smaller. The Sheraton King sized beds were great! The concierge folks were all very helpful in giving aid to finding restaurants and if you don't want to have the buffet breakfast there are a lot of small cafes around to grab a bite to eat. I really enjoyed our stay there and would stay again if I get a chance.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>jacobjoe
<Content>First Class all the way!!!!!! This Hotel was everything you could want . Location was perfect the staff were so helpful the buffet breakfast was everything you could ever want to satisfiy any pallet. The rooms were just so clean , comfortable, and what a view we had too. I would recccomend this hotel to tourists as the attractions eg. harbour brigde, opera house, Darling Bay ,Shopping ect. are all in walking distance. My husband and I were there for NEW YEAR which was a little expensive but we did go back at the end of our trip for two nights and got a great deal by just walking in. Sydney is also the nicest city I have ever visited. What lovely people the auusies are.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goblondie
<Content>Great hotel, EXCELLENT service and good location We stay at the Sheraton every year due to business, it' s a beautiful hotel but of course that comes at a cost. It is quite expensive. The main reason we stay there is the quiet rooms and the willingness of the rather helpful but snobby staff to accomodate our needs. The service at this hotel is second to none and will always help you when you need it. (Though be sure to order room service early as it takes abouts 30-45 minutes.) It's in a wonderful location, opposite the park and withing walking distance to anywhere in the CBD. The lobby is spectacular, you feel like royality walking in there. Although I always get a little bit intimidated with all the Mercedes and fancy cars in the hotel's driveway. The breakfast is amazing, we usually fill up for the day and skip lunch. Just be sure to be very cautious with what you put on your room bill, it might surprise you! (To be honest though, I think you could find another hotel for half the price with the same qualities)  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>itsbart
<Content>NYE Sydney       Lobby  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>stevej58
<Content>5 star means 5 star We had a 3 night stay in in January. Service and room were fantastici. What a relief to book a 5 star hotel and find it actually equates to the rating. We loved the king bed, requested a larger corner room to accomodate a rolleraway for our daughter which was arranged no problem and a unplanned early check in was quilcky arranged. Concierge recommneded a great restaurant for dinner (out of the hotel) I've stayed in most capital cities in Australia and this is my best hotel experience.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dinodub
<Content>Wow We booked the Sheraton from their website and were so glad we did. The price was excellent and we were upgraded from a City Room to a Hyde Park room on arrival. We stayed two days and enjoyed not only the beautiful Hyde Park but the shopping district which is literally just outside the door and around the corner. The walk to Circular Quay takes about 10 minutes as well so everything is literally on your doorstep. Still jetlagged from our flight from Dublin we didn't get to sample too much of the nightlife but the all inclusive breakfast was superb.We were sad to leave and would definitely stay here again if in Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmsengland
<Content>Fantastic service We recently stayed at this hotel for just 1 night, I have previously stayed and knew it to be good. The room is large, well appointed, clean,comfortable bed and the bathroom is an excellent size (much larger in fact than a more expensive Sydney hotel we had stayed in 2 weeks earlier!) What really was very impressive was the service we received after I had left my camera and binoculars in the open safe as we checked out. I discovered nearly a day later once we reached the UK immediately rang the hotel with heart in mouth only to be told they had them, they were securley locked up and they could post them on to us or we could collect. In the event the goods were couriered to us as I requested, correctly insured, correctly addressed so that we did not incur duty or tax and all very speedily-naturally we paid but I am so grateful to the staff involved. Excellent service thank you to the staff at the Sheraton on the Park  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>melbourneboys
<Content>Incredible stay as always!! From the minute you arrive the service is amazing, check in is a breeze with great service and a special check in area if you are a SPG member, i would join if you are not already! the rewards program i great!. The location of the hotel is only a 5 minute walk down to the opera house positioned right on the city doorstep and opposite lovely Hyde Park, public transport trains are right across the road and buses out the front. The Circular Quay ferry terminal is only a short 5-10 walk and takes you anywhere around the bay. The rooms at the sheraton are huge, all with lovely big open bathrooms, there are views opposite Hyde Park or the City,most rooms now have black out blinds all electronically operated from the bed side.If you have the chance dont miss the buffet breakfast a trade mark of the sheraton with an great array of food and service. Oxoford Street (Sydneys main gay area) is also a close walk through Hyde Park in less then 5 minutes. With great nightlife. The hotel is what you would expect, you pay for the privilage but the rewards are worth it, also on the top floor is a great spa, sauna gym and rooftop pool with views through the city.I have no problems in recommending this hotel, if you are arriving from the airport consider a cheaper option of the underground train network its about 12$AUD and takes you almost to the hotel. If you are going to catch a taxi and its off peak (late at night or very early morning) consider avoiding the toll ways they can be quick but at that time s are alternative routes that you dont need to pay for!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MorganWollongong
<Content>Loved the Sheraton on the Park Arrived to a busy reception, however all guests were quickly attended to. There was a mix-up with our room which was remedied with an upgrade to a king suite on the 20th floor overlooking the park towards the harbour. The marble bathroom was large with separate bath and a large shower - probably the best bathroom in a hotel I have stayed - very luxurious. Our room rate included full buffet breakfast and parking. We paid an additional $10.00 for valet parking which made our stay great value for money - $260.00 all up for the Friday night special. Staff were very professional and nothing was too much trouble. Overall a fabulous hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catraveller7
<Content>Good Hotel I stayed 10 nights at the Sheraton on the Park. The hotel is located in the center of the city (central business district)--convenient for both business and pleasure. It is about a 10 minute walk to both Darling Harbour and the Sydney Opera house area. Very convenient to shopping, with major shopping areas just a couple blocks away.Rooms are nice size, with walk-in closets and a very large bathrooom. Rooms aren't ultra-fancy, but are a step up from most Sheratons. Rooms were well kept and clean, and beds were very comfortable. Some rooms have view of Hyde Park (mine did not), and there is a faily good gym at the hotel. I had access to the Executive Lounge, which offers a buffet breakfast in the morning and some snacks in the evening. It also offers coffee, tea and drinks (although you need to ask a server to bring you tea and drinks--it would be a lot more convenient if you could just help yourself, as is common at most other executive lounges). The lounge also offers free wireless internet access, although reception is somewhat spotty--I think the signal is intentionally weak to prevent neighboring rooms from getting internet access for free--the hotel charges $39 a day for internet access is you're not in the lounge (although it does have free computer access in the lobby).Staff were very accomodating, especially those in the lounge. All around service was good and workers had a very positive attitude and welcoming attitude.All in all a good hotel, and I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Krystalg
<Content>A good hotel let down by bad service... We stayed at Sheraton on the Park for three nights in a city view king room on the 11th floor, the room was large and spacious, newly renovated and had a marble bathroom with a separate bath and shower.The hotel is in a great location, it's close to major shopping areas and multiple forms of public transport, and the executive lounge is fantastic. The lobby decor is nice and the bar/dining options were good.However the service wasn't that amazing, it took 25 minutes to get our car out of valet on one occasion and 15 minutes on another. The bell boy took so long to come collect our bags when we checked out we ended up just struggling with them ourselves. The staff were neither rude or nice, just average.The room was very noisy, we could hear the rooms around us and everything going on in the hallway. My parents were also staying at the hotel on a different floor and they also had the same noise problems.In the room we stayed in we had shutters instead of curtains, these didn't block out enough light in the morning and had large cracks where they joined each other, so the room wasn't very dark in the mornings. If I stayed here again I'd definitely be requesting a room with curtains.Overall my experience at this hotel was a good one, I would stay at this hotel again if I got a good rate, I was just disappointed a 5 star hotel would have poor service.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>WernMachine
<Content>Is this th best hotel in Sydney? I have not stayed at all the 5 star hotels in Sydney so I cannot claim that The Sheraton on the Park is the best hotel in Sydney's CBD but it has to come very close. The location, right around the corner from David Jones, and opposite Sydney's Hyde Park, is fantastically accessible to St James railway and even relatively easy to arrive to and from by car. The food, the attention to detail, the fittings and the service are all first rate. The servants are all well-educated for Australians and go out of their way to help. For a luxury and romantic getaway you can't go wrong but you pay for it obviously. Of particular note is the extraordinary buffet breakfast and the outstandingly comfortable beds. This is a hotel were rich Americans and celebrities want stay.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SophieCalifornia
<Content>The best hotel pool in Sydney! I was lucky to get a fantastic deal for a two night's stay in The Sheraton and it's by far the best Sheraton I've ever stayed in. I got two nights BB, with a complimentary bottle of wine with a board of different cheeses, a free cocktail at the bar and a large, very comfortable double room.Having stayed in other five star Sydney hotels, I would choose this hotel above them all for the best package deals and health club facilities. The swimming pool is located right on the roof, undercover, but you get amazing views of Sydney and you can sunbathe on the balcony just outside, above the whole city and views of Hyde Park just across the road.The bar is open until late and serves really good cocktails. This is a favourite hotel for visiting rock bands and celebrities visiting Sydney and it's understandable why. The shops and bars of busy Oxford Street are just a few minutes walk and you can explore and relax in the park opposite.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrisbaneKiwi
<Content>Good central position - across from Hyde Park. Overall we were well satisfied with the Sheraton during our 3 night stay here. We took advantage of the hotel's special offer (on their own website) of pay for 2 nights and get the third (consecutive) night for free. Decided to splash out and book an Executive suite for A$430 night, so in fact paid a total of A$860 for three nights (average A$285). We had a city view (not worth writing about) but you could pay more for a park view if you wanted to.We had Executive Lounge priviliges which basically meant breakfast on the 21st floor (not as lavish as the ground floor breakfast for everyone else, but then that was a cost of about $40pp) with the lovely harbour views, less people, etc. And great coffee. In the evening between 5-8pm you could also go to the Lounge for drinks and canapes etc, free internet use and very attentive and friendly staff. The food and drinks were more than ample to keep us going to breakfast - no problems there.Room was on the 15th floor and was very modern, stunning bathroom with black marble and very comfortable king bed - slept like a log. Plenty of space with desk and chairs. Gripes - even at $430 listed price per night, the hotel could not extend itself to provide free internet access from the room, so we limited ourselves to use it in the Lounge. They also charged for two small bottles of water from the refrigerator (There were two large bottles of water on a cabinet which clearly had a price of $8 over it so you knew those two were not complimentary. I then checked the bar price list and no mention of any charge for the two small water bottles - each only 400ml. But they apparently are not complimentary). I believe Sheraton management should start to move with what is happening in overseas Sheratons - provision of free internet (ie include in the room tariff), provide complimentary water (or at least clearly disclose a price), and also provide a clock that can take an I-Pod - many travellers take their music nowadays!! I have deducted one mark due to the 'gripes', but on balance a good welcoming hotel, big foyer and attentive service.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dalton1skiing
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Sheraton on a saturday night for a friends wedding. We were given the $275 weekend special which includes parking and breakfast for 2. Note that the parking is free, but an extra $10 for valet service. We weren't given the option of parking the car ourselves though. Check in was quick and efficient.  The room was clean and spacious. The bed was soft and very comfortable. We had a shower and bath. Despite being on the 18th floor, the view was mediocre of surrounding buildings. No balcony or open windows made it a little claustrophobic. Also, no smoking unless you request a smoking room. We visited the bride and grooms one bedroom suite. It was large with a small balcony overlooking the harbour  park. A fabulous view. A small bathroom  toilet considering it was a suite though.  The bar stayed open until 3am and had a large selection of beers, wines and spirits. Staff were very friendly and willing to help where they could. Our only compaint was at breakfast. Dont arrive between 9-10am. We had to line up the get a table, this took 10mins. Then there was a long line to get hot food and another line for the egg chef. It was 30mins before we were sitting down with food. Being a large group, we had tea/coffee in thermous pots on the tables. This coffee was dreadful, but the cappacino I got was lovely. There seemed to be a limit of 1 coffee or tea being made for each person The choice of food was adequate. The usual array of hot foods such as bacon, baked beans, grilled tomatoes and mushrooms, sausages, pancakes and eggs benedict which was delicious. There were 2 egg chefs making all things eggs. Yoghurts, pastries, fresh fruit, cereals and miso soup. The food was fresh  delicous but selection not as large as some other 5 star hotels.  The dining area seemed inadequate for the number of guests there. I went to get juice and when I came back, my plate with half my breakfast was wisked away too! I then got up to get more food (joining the back of the line again) and came back to find my juice had been taken and the table being cleared. The staff seemed rushed and stressed and didnt know we were still eating, despite a coat being on the back of my chair! Overall we had a terrific stay, but only compaint was the long wait for breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>flaming_lamborghini
<Content>Nice hotel, poor service This hotel is in a great location and the rooms are wonderful, but everything is spoilt by the attitude of many staff. On my first night, I had just arrived from overseas and needed a good sleep. However, there was a function being held below my room and the loud noise continued until well after midnight. When I rung Reception to complain, I was basically told too bad. I later spoke to security staff who had the same attitude. Obviously, the noisy function area had precedence over guests' peace  quiet.  I must say however, that after writing a letter of complaint, I was actually contacted by the Manager who promised to compensate me. He did eventually, after I reminded him of his promise! I would stay there again, but ask for a quiet room.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>Ubu76
<Content>Excellent all round Excellent location and hotel appearance/decor is of very high standard. Service was wonderful - especially check-in staff, reception and guest services.Rooms are beautifully decorated - modern decor with a touch of old-fashioned class. Awesome pictures of Sydney and fantastic picture/light box with Opera House photos. Bathrooms are huge, walk-in closet a great idea. Didnt have chance to sample dinner/breakfast but have had buffet lunch before and well worth it.Overall a fantastic option for 5 star accomodation in Sydney CBD.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sereneMelbourne
<Content>nice room We booked at the spur of the moment, 4hours before check in, and received a free upgrade to a park view room. The 7th floor was a little low but there was a good view of the fountain and park. The room was excellent and so was the bed. The Bathroom 5 star and all was very clean and quiet. The breakfast was fantastic. Much better than Shangrila and Four Points by Sheraton both of which are also in Sydney. The view is not as good though as oppossed to a full harbour view of D harbour or C. quay. Good value for the money, it also included parking. Lovely lobby and bar area.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SonOfBruin2
<Content>Fabulous, especially the service! Unless the Sheraton completely restaffed their hotel between my stay and those of the negative reviewers, I cannot understand in whom the complaints regarding service are founded. Every employee we encountered was cheerful, helpful, and genuinely glad to be of service. When our taxi pulled up to the drive, the doorman, Tetley, welcomed us to Sydney and the hotel with beaming energy and was equally as friendly and cheerful throughout our stay. Check-in was pretty standard, but at least there was no wait, and our bags were sent to the proper rooms (we had two rooms on different floors). The Executive Club Lounge staff was superb. Cameron, Anders, and the entire Club staff were warm and helpful, eagerly calling restaurants to secure reservations and pulling up menus for various eateries. Food and drink service were good as well. Lobby Concierge Mike (I think that was his name...) recommended a great low-key, no frills Thai restaurant that served the best soft-shell crab I have EVER eaten. And I could never forget the housekeeping attendant from the 18th floor (I can't remember her name, though). Aside from keeping the room clean and bathroom amenities restocked, she was one of the nicest and friendliest hotel employees I have ever encountered. I found myself having conversations with her on a daily basis where she demonstrated a genuine care and interest in her guests that is rarely experienced. As I am about to begin my assessment of the room and facilities, I remember now a manager/supervisor in the gym and spa who took it upon herself to lead my family and me on a tour of the fitness facilities when it became evident that we were first-time visitors - she was truly lovely. The gym featured Life Fitness-brand cardio equipment with individual tv screens, as well as a few weight machines, free weights, a couple benches, and two spinning bikes. There is an indoor pool and whirlpool with breathtaking views of the park and city. Locker rooms had separate men's and women's saunas and steam rooms. All in all, a nice gym, but nothing spectacular (except with regard to the views).The rooms are comfortable and modern in style. The Sealy beds were a nice break from dormitory-quality mattresses in other Australian hotels. The down comforter was heavenly, and the sheets soft, though not 100% cotton (they are a 50/50 poly-cotton blend, which I thought I would notice but didn't once in bed). There is a desk and small sofa with a checkerboard table in each room, as well as a Philips-brand tv (27 or 30 inch, flat-screen though not flat-panel). Bathrooms are done in rich wood and black marble - beautiful. The separate shower was excellent - tremendous water pressure. Lastly there is a more than amply-sized walk-in closet in each room, which was perfect for us (traveling with huge duffel bags).My only complaint is with the soundproofing in the walls. I could hear numerous conversations from the adjacent room as well as from the hallway. To be fair, these were probably louder than normal guests, but they were still audible. This wasn't an issue for two of the four nights, but it could pose a potential problem, I guess.We didn't order room service or dine in the restaurant or bar, but the food on the club level was very good. It was nice to have a hot breakfast waiting for you every morning, and I am such a sucker for eggs, bacon, and roasted tomatoes. Afternoon canapes were primarily Asian-themed (dumplings, sushi, et al.) and good, as were cheeses and cured meats. Not a great drink selection, but they WERE pouring champagne and James Boag Premium beer (my fave). The restaurant and IRD menus were VERY pricey, but the lavish dinner buffet was half-price (or discounted in some fashion) with Starwood membership at least.In all, we truly enjoyed our stay and would love to come back were it not for the steady devaluation of the American Peso, er, Dollar. This would be our pick in Sydney without question. Fabulous.Oh, just remembered, a great amenity is the FREE internet access in the lobby for all guests. Also, check out the bar on the second level - it's beautiful.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>electroshock
<Content>Stay at the Hyatt! I stayed here using my hotel loyalty points (as I did at the Park Hyatt afterwards) and the experience could not have been more different. The Sheraton is a beautiful hotel with large rooms and luxurious bathrooms, but that's it. The service is indifferent and you feel an inconvenience by daring to ask for anything. At the Hyatt you are made to feel like royalty, and nothing is too much trouble. Saturday morning I asked concierge for a late dinner reservation for that night at a restaurant with a view of the harbour. I stated a preferred location, and dietary preferences  said if full please try any others so that we have somewhere to go for dinner. I left my cellphone number and received no call, and returning to the hotel at 6ish, discovered they had made no reservation at all. Call that service? - I certainly don't! Another member of staff eventually found us somewhere to dine.For my money (and next time I visit Sydney on business) I will stay at the Hyatt no question.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	3	2	5	

<Author>vague travellers
<Content>Let me know when the service gets sorted out I followed up a stay in August for a conference with an overnight stay in October. It has a lot going for it -- opposite a good park, decent sized rooms particularly for suite deals, on a mall etc.Comfy beds.But the staff seemed to be just going through the motions on little things. When the room wasn't ready at 2pm (which was fair enough) they said they'd allocate it and put in the bags. They then forgot, had to find one at 5pm, which wasn't a good one, and took 45 mins to deliver the bags. When I rang to find them --we were going out --I was told they were coming and no more interest. When they didnt and I rang for the manager I was put on hold. Bad start. It might have been a one off but it took a similar time to get bags the previous trip. When I asked about a late checkout they said that they didn't need the room but it would be $50 if more than an hour. Since we had a suite and were in the exec club, this was a little surprising. When my wife called later to check that we hadn't been charged twice (which we hadn't) it took her three calls to speak to someone as she was simply transferred to someone who wasnt there!All in all we might have just been unlucky on two stays. The rooms were still fine and the price competitive. If I were a tourist I think I'd look for a hotel with a great harbour view. If I was staying for business or was used to Sydney, I'd wait for them to iron out these wrinkles as there are plenty of 5 stars without them I think. I'll be interested to see if the next reviews find that this has been sorted out..  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	4	4	2	1	4	

<Author>anahira21
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I have stayed at Sheraton on the Park a few times now as I was hooked after the first stay. It is so conveniently located and the rooms are fantastic. The buffet breakfast and lunch is expensive but you can't go past it. It is so good. Book a rate that includes breakfast as it's better value for money. Give room service a miss - it's not very good. If you're looking for a quick, cheap take away, go to the David Jones food court (downstairs) at the end of the block... they have every type of cuisine you can imagine and it's the absolute best! You will not be disappointed with this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MBarr
<Content>Great Hotel with a Great Location My stay here, although only one day, was worth every cent. I only stayed here for the day before flying out again. The location was certainly the best of all the hotels I looked at. The door at the rear of the hotel leads straight onto Pitt Street Mall with every shop imaginable. The restaurants in the hotel were simply magnificent. The seafood buffet is well worth the cost. The staff are great assisting with bookings for restaurants and even some local attractions. Something that was a pleasant surprise was Hyde Park across the road. After a few drinks and dinner it was a relaxing walk around the fountain. There's also an underground railway station in the park on the edge that opens up a trip to anywhere in the city for two dollars. I walked around the rocks and foreshore area where most of the other hotels were located and found them busy and noisy. When returning to the Sheraton, walked down a shopping mall into the hotel which was quiet and relaxing. When staying in Sydney, this is now my hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hitlong
<Content>Pleasant, Roomy  A high quality hotel close to the centre of town. The rooms are of a good size, signficantly larger than the standard room at most other Sydney central hotels. The rooms are well appointed as is most of the hotel. The beds are very soft, and with the block-out blinds make for a very peaceful nights sleep (irrespective of your body clock). The staff for the most part go out of their way to make you welcome or assist, although my experience on this trip at reception both on check-in and out left something to be desired.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>firstclassboy
<Content>Terrace Room is huge I have recently stayed overnight at the Sheraton on the Park. Hotel is stunning and i stayed in a Deluxe Terrace Suite. This room was amazing. Huge rooms,two seperate areas (living and Sleeping ) , powder room, huge balcony overlooking Hyde park. , one of the bext beds i have ever slept in.If you stay and are able to lash out and spend a bit extra for a great night, book a Deluxe Terrace Suite, the hotel only has a few and you also get access to the executive club lounge !!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>RobertMNZ
<Content>Nice hotel, wonderful location Excellent location. Lovely ambience. Executive suite room had spectacular views and very pleasant balcony. Some maintenance needed.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>trailrunr
<Content>Beautiful Hotel and Amazing Service       View from the Exec Club on the 21st flr  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ho_sik
<Content>Comfortable, great location, good stay Stayed for 2 nights with the family. rm was a good size  bathrm was great. Separate shower  the water was powerful! Very comfy bed. Good lighting in room - not like some of the dimly lit hotels these days. Turn down service is offered , u just hve to call housekeeping(they actually put a note out telling u this). Great full lenght mirror, hair dryer they provide is powerful, plug adapter in the room. Free internet acess in lobby . room we stayed in was parkside and on checkout I queried the reception  said I could hardly see the park. He explained it is NOT park VIEW but park SIDE versus the lower catogory city side -- so I guess I'll just get the city side next time as he said the rms are the same but approx AUS$40 less. Restaurant service very average- seems everyone is a trainee.Vacated rm @1400hrs  bags stored at Bell captain's. Paid bill @ 1900hrs  left for airport. On arriving airprt saw I was missing a hand carry bag that I left in the room. Called hotel, they found it  handled my call very well. But I wondered why housekeeping had not contacted the front desk and given my bag to them rather then send it straight to lost property. As I did vacate rm at 1400hrs. Bit of inter department communication needed here.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>not_only_but_also
<Content>Best business hotel in Sydney I have stayed regularly at the Sheraton on the Park since 1997, usually for business but occasionally also for personal trips. I have also stayed at the Westin and the two Stamfords in Double Bay. The Sheraton is the best (with the Westin a close second and the two Stamfords an equal and definite last). Staff: The staff is warm and welcoming, unfailingly polite and always efficient in dealing with requests. Checking in/out is always a breeze (they have an automoated speedy check-out which is great for business travellers). Rooms: The rooms are generously sized and come equipped with all mod cons. The bathrooms are the best I've seen in any hotel around the world (and I've seen a few!). The rooms are always well cleaned and products replenished a couple of times a day. Good mini bar with tea/coffee/hot chocolate making facilities.Room service: Very nice and usually prompt but with the usual room service mark-up. Breakfast is really good.Location: It's great for business. Sydney as a city isn't really for tourists (the famous sights are all around the harbour and surrounding suburbs/bays) but the hotel is very well placed for transport (underground train station across the road and bus stops for all the major routes just outside the front door). It's only about 10 minutes drive (or a healthy walk - I've walked it many times) from Paddington, leafy Woolhara, Oxford Street, etc, so no shortage of things to do or places to see. Being on the edge of the city, it's good for driving too (or as good as Sydney driving can be!).Concierge: Funnily enough, this is what clinches the deal for me. They have a really well organised taxi rank that supports the hotel almost exclusively. I don't recall ever having to wait for a cab, no matter how late I leave my mad dash for the airport. They also have a plentiful supply of umbrellas for those famous Sydney storms. And they're always there to open my cab door when I arrive. The service starts and ends with those guys and they leave me happy every time. And believe me, I'm fussy!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jennifer74
<Content>Not your average Sheraton I was in Australia on business and was required to visit Sydney over the course of my trip two separate times. My first few days were spent at the Westin which I loved, and on my second few days back through the Westin was sold out so I booked the Sheraton on the Park. My expectations weren't all that high because I think in the US Sheratons on average are a little ho-hum. I was definitely wrong about this Sheraton. The rooms were beautiful, the staff absolutely top notch, the quality of restaurants on property, and the beautiful views overlooking the Park were all excellent. This hotel is easily on par with the Westin, Amora, and others in the central business district. Don't let the name fool you.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Australianc0uple
<Content>Another stay at the Sheraton! My husband and I enjoyed another lovely stay at the Sheraton. We had a park view wich was stunning, great position with everything right at your finger tips! Loved the piano bar before going out for dinner, and even had close to high tea! Bathroom was very clean, the black marble gives the perfect off set while in the tub! Great robes and nice big bed what more could you want! Love it , being before and will be back again!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bendusastre
<Content>beatiful upscale hotel This is definately a five star property in the upscale nieghborrhood of syndey.Very close to public transportations, designer shops and main shopping district.Free computers with internet and lobby.Greta concierge service.Beautiful room and black marble bathrooms.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missy20
<Content>Loved sheraton on the park Stayed here for 1 night ( a saturday night). I booked on there website, a special package. $275 upgrade to a hyde park view room if available, Breakfast for two and parking. Didnt get a hyde park room, but my room on the 14th floor had a fantastic view of centrepoint tower. Breakfast was fantastic, it had everythig you could think of. The room was beautiful, very clean, and the bed was very comfolrtabe with heaps of pillows. The black out blinds were a great touch. The bathroom was big and also clean. There was a separate bath and shower, and you can play the sound form the TV in the bathroom, which included music stations. Overall i loved my stay and cant wait for my next trip to sydney so i can stay at the sheraton!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Lovely comfortable hotel with excellent service        Room View - pic 2  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>filmhero
<Content>Great Hotel with Great Location I stayed at the Sheraton on Hyde Park last week for a 5 day holiday in Sydney Australia. It is a great place to stay. The Location is superb, just right across the street from the St. James subway station (which is really great because you can take the airport link train straight from the airport to hotel!). Hyde park is just across the street and is gorgeous. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to the Opera House, Circular Quay, etc. The rooms are clean, and very comfortable, service is great. There is a free cool looking internet cafe in the lobby available 24/7. The gym on the 22nd floor is great (and free). I didn't eat at the hotel (or order room service), so I can't comment. The only potential downside is that because the hotel is located in the city center/business district, there doesn't seem to be a whole lot to do in the immediate area of the hotel after 5pm. This being said, everything (Circular Quay, Rocks, Darling Harbour) are all within reasonable walking distance. I loved the city and my stay at this hotel. It is a bit pricey, but made the trip extra special. Contact for photos!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>maptravel
<Content>Great Sydney Hotel! We stayed at the Sheraton on the Park in May 2007 using our Starwood points. It is a great property right next to Hyde Park. Our room was spacious with a gorgeous marble bathroom (separate tub and shower) and nice small sectional. Decor is nice, current and classy. Service was excellent. Concierge had great recommendations. Highly recommend this place for both business and leisure travelers.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>styleandfashion888
<Content>Great city getaway! Great modern hotel! I recommend staying in either Hyde Park view room or executive suite. Basic rooms don't have a very special outlook. Suites are huge and extremely comfortable. Luxurious. We did not want to leave it. Marble bathrooms in both room categories. Very comfy heavenly bed.The only downsides were quite an old aged pool and spa area with not a nice outlook and no wellness spa facilities at all.Executive club is great and serves free breakfast, predinner drinks and afternoon tea - very nice touch. Service is good. Not the best hotel in Sydney but VERY good one; one of the top 5.Excellent location.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tricolours
<Content>Close to the best in Sydney My wife and I do around 4-5 weekends in Sydney per year and always stay at one of Sydneys 5 star hotels. Having done this now for several years we have found some lovely places to stay but would have to say now coming back to the Sheraton for the 4th time it remains as my favourite.It is a grand hotel with a lovely rooftop pool/jacuzzi and fitness room and some wonderful dining options. But most impressive to me are the rooms. We stayed there again on the 11th May and had a Hyde park room which was a good size with lovely furnishings and beautifully decorated bathroom. The beds as you expect from Sheraton were very comfy and most importantly the rooms are very quite with no discernible outside noise.For those perhaps travelling to Sydney for the first time and not really knowing the city the hotel is is in a great spot. Across the road is the beautiful Hyde Park and round the corner is one of the major shopping areas in the city which is no more than a two min walk. Also at the back of the hotel is access to the monorail which will take you to Darling Harbour. Also the restaurant area of Cockle Bay and King Street Wharf are only a pleasant 10  15 min walk respectively all of which is pretty much flat.Also at the moment they are running a Friday package where for $245 you get a room upgrade, breakfast for 2 and self parking. For the city of Sydney in a hotel of this standard that is almost unbeatable value. I will definitely be coming back  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MariaAustralia
<Content>Would Definately Stay Again! I loved the Sheraton on the Park. The newly renovated rooms are beautiful, very clean and spacious. The hotel staff are very helpful and friendly. The buffet breakfast is amazing - which was included in our package. Valet parking was also included in the package - which was very useful. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone - it's a bit pricy but it is worth every penny!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chern
<Content>Better choices elsewhere we booked a 5 night stay at the Sheraton on the Park and decided shortly after checking in that we would be moving -and did so the next day. The room was adequate. The front desk staff ran hot and cold - inconsistent and not very helpful. The concierge was uninformed and hence, not too helpful. We moved to the Quay West Suites.la.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>njtraveler4444
<Content>Wonderful hotel We recently stayed at this Sheraton for 4 nights using our Starwood Preferred Member reward points. What a great experience! This is definitely a top notch hotel. We had a wonderful room and although it did not face the park it did not take away from the experience one bit. The room was beautiful and comfortable and very large....even included a separate dressing room/closet. Great linens and super comfy bed and a wonderful bathroom. The bathroom was huge with a big tub and very large stall shower, also a double sink vanity. Only complaint in the bathroom was that the lights could be a little stronger for applying cosmetics. The service was terrific. We arrived from our 14 hour flight early in the morning and we were checked in immediately, something we really appreciated. The concierge desk was so helpful with everything from directions to restaurant suggestions to an umbrella for the rain. The hotel lobby was gorgeous also and the hotel is so conveniently located. Half mile from every site you would want to see (Opera house, Darling Harbor, etc.)! For breakfast...don't miss Pancakes on the Rocks!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RedButler98
<Content>Go Across the Street to the David Jones Food Court... Just got back from staying at the Sheraton On the Park in Sydney (4 nites) and had a very wonderful stay. Yes, the views of Hyde Park were fabulous, wish I had looked out the window when they set off the fireworks the first night we arrived (it was Anzac Day, a Big Deal for the Aussies/Kiwis) because it was probably spectacular, but was too tired. The bell staff was wonderful, we were part of a tour group (tons of luggage!) and they were very efficient, polite, and patient.The bed was great, my husband would have taken his pillows home with us if we had room in the luggage, but alas...and the brekkie was delish (fortunately it was included in our package, otherwise a bit spendy, as all the food seemed to be in Sydney). We got a hot tip from a tour guide who said that the best-kept secret in town was the food court in the lower level of the mall across the street (David Jones, off Castlereagh St.). It was Foodie Heaven! I was swept away to Culinary Paradise with all the offerings one can find down there. Good prices, too! You can pick and choose from all sorts of foods (a deli counter, a noodle bar, a Grill or two, gourmet cheeses, an olive bar, and a killer wines section...and did I forget to mention an absolutely amazing patisserie?) so instead of paying a lot of $$ on restaurant food, you can gather up quite a feast in the Food Court and bring it back to your room. Yum. I am jealous of the Sydney residents that can go there and shop for their own kitchens as they also had tons of gourmet food items and a butcher shop, beautiful fruits/veggies, and all sorts of just gorgeous food. But get there early if you want to get the best selections on breads and other goodies. And they start shutting down after 4:30 or so, and close at 6 PM. Don't miss it!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Nice Hotel but staff have an Attitude!! I stayed at this hotel for one night, on arrival I found the staff to be 鈥渟tuck-up鈥?and not very welcoming, manly the front desk and porters. The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms are very large and newly renovated. My room didn鈥檛 have any view just one straight into the concrete wall of next-door hotel. Due to the staff鈥檚 attitudes I don鈥檛 think I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>howardgraham
<Content>cold reception stayed here for just 1 night but that was enough. pompus staff and a room with plenty of problems.never again shereaton  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelcomments
<Content>Very good hotel let down a bit by a couple of small slip ups The Sheraton on the Park is a rather nice and well run hotel. It would be near perfect but for a couple of small slip ups.Located in the city close to two MRT stations it can be easily reached from the airport in less than 20 minutes by train. The location right at Hyde Park is excellent. The hotel itself is well appointed. The entrance with the staircase is pretty and one of the nicer entries I have seen. Everything in the public areas was clean and well organized, a clear sign for a well run hotel.My room was smallish but the furniture was new and the white blinds are nice touch (rather than the huge drapes often found).The gym is spacious and well equipped with some of the better machines on the market. A letdown was that the free weights were rusty. Using them resulted in rust-stained hands. The opening hours also could a bit longer.The hotel has an excellent lounge on the 21st floor. The food and drink selection is far better than anything I have experienced in North America. Staff was highly attentive. But Internet and printing access in the lounge - the business center closes at 5:30 pm - were unbelievably complicated or dysfunctional. Half of all the people using the PCs needed staff support just to go online. The wireless access signal dropped off half a dozen times per hour. Printing on the available HP Laserprinters produced 1 page per minute (these printers can print 10+ pages a minute) - if it worked at all. During six hours in the lounge, I saw no-one else printing anything out successfully.Anyone who does not need to use the hotel's office facilities can have a great stay. Having to work can make the stay a tad strained.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>p0ppet
<Content>Awesome hotel - my #1 in Sydney I stayed in this hotel on a 2 night business trip and loved it. For future trips, I will try to stay here as well (when my budget will allow it). I can not fault the location - it is right across from Hyde Park, next door to David Jones, and a short stroll down to King Street Wharf. The rooms are clean and spacious. There are gorgeous prints on the walls and a very comfy sofa in the room. I even had a walk in robe, which meant that the room felt more like home as I could close the door on my suitcase and clothes. The airconditioning works well and bathrooms are spacious and clean.The foyer is very spacious. Check in and out was efficient and the staff are helpful. The restaurant downstairs is very good for breakfast, with a fantastic buffet available. I put the hire car into valet parking during my stay, and the concierge was very helpful and even pointed out to me that I had a flat tyre on the car - and then offered to get it pumped up for me. So helpful!I can highly recommend this hotel for business and holiday makers.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JimmySMelbourne
<Content>Excellent Room, Style!!! My wife and i had 3 nights and loved the style of the rooms, seperate bath and entire bathroom was excellent. Great location for shopping.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arfurcanberra
<Content>Great Hotel We recently stayed here for the weekend and had a great time. The hotel is beautiful in every aspect. We had a large corner room overlooking Hyde park with great views. The views from the roof top pool and spa are unbelievable, and make it easy to relax. The staff were very proffesional, however not overly friendly. They always remembered which room we were staying in, and were very polite, however you did not feel as though you could develop a repore with them. The meals were excellent, even if they were a little over priced. Overall a great hotel, in one of the best locations in Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>baswitzer
<Content>Awful service and overcharged for the privilege We stayed at the Sheraton on the Park in Jan 07 and have been thoroughly disappointed with the Hotel. Upon our check out we were shocked to find (on our card statement) that the Hotel had charged us twice for the same room at varying rates. Naturally, one telephones the Hotel to give them the opportunity to correct the problem which we did. After speaking with a reservation staff member, I was informed that they needed to contact a Manager and they would call me back as soon as possible. As the amount on my card which had been tied up needed to be used, I enquired with them as to whether the call would be sometime that night. I was assured that this would happen. Alas no call was received and in fact none was forthcoming the following morning. I had to then follow up again after lunch the next day and was given some spiel about an error being made and they could not do anything about it for a few days. This was completely ridiculous. No real apology or anything. When I enquired as to why I never got a phone call to explain, I was just informed that they did not know. Again no apology. Apparently a Manager is going to call me but I am not holding my breath- they did not really seem to be interested in the problem. I note from this forum that others have also been overcharged so it seems to be a consistent problem for this one star customer service establishment. I could not recommend this Hotel to anyone quite frankly.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Giank
<Content>On the Park Great location, very comfortable room, great dining.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SamW_DC
<Content>Excellent Rooms        The Bath  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>yrtx4e
<Content>Service needs to be revamped, Location is prime! The location is right in the City center opposite to Hyde Park which offers easy access to corporate offices and downtown shopping. Major Stores and malls e.g. QVB, Strand Arcade, Pitt Street mall and Sydney Towers are within 5mins walks. City ourist attractions is close by . However, the service is just very average. Even this propety is more of a buisness hotel, there are rooms for such claimed to be 5-star property to improve.I rushed out in the morning forgot to remove the 'Don't Disturb' sign one morning which blocked the housekeeping staff to clean the room. Upon my return at night, I called Guest service and I was astound to hear that the housekeeping staff were off after 6pm!?! They could only bring clean towels and unable to clean the cups and change linens. I expect at least one houisekeeping staff on duty after hours!!! That's not 5-star business hotel.The room is spacious, but for twin room, I expect at least two queen beds, instead it is really a twin. The bathroom is spacious with limited counter top space for personal items. Overall it is just an OK experience.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Mystie
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Sheraton! Booked our rooms via the hotel's website. We had a Romantic Package, so had an upgrade to a Hype Park View room, which was absolutely fantastic!! The BED is as awesome as the hotel claims to be!! Super-comfortable, made it a bit difficult to wake up in the mornings! We also had a gift of wine  cheese sent to our room (I did request no blue cheese, but my request was ignored, still- it was a gift, so I'm not too bothered).Room was excellent: spacious, clean, and it felt very luxurious. There's a small walk-in closet which was a nice touch, and the black marble bathroom (separate bath  shower) was great!! There's also a little seating  working area which gave the room that extra oomph. We had breakfast at the hotel cafe, my hubby really enjoyed it, but I'm not much of a breakfast person, although I did try the order-to-cook omelette which was very nice!! Check-in was handled efficiently, and the concierge was very happy to store our luggage for us. One thing that I'll point out- the concierge don't seem to have the latest tourist info leaflets, so make sure you stop by a Tourist Information centre. The night staff was a bit clueless, and whilst polite, wasn't very helpful.Location is fantastic!! Smack bang in the centre of the city, easy access to all public transportation. Although all shopping areas  Darling Harbour is only a close walk away. Overall an excellent experience at Sheraton on the Park!! Will have to try the Four Points by Sheraton on our next trip only because we are absolutely in love with Darling Harbour!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>bubblewinku
<Content>Great Customer Service... Stayed for two nights and was placed into the wrong room type on the first night due to 'overbooking'. This was not a bother as I was by myself for the first night. The next day the staff were extremely apologetic and moved me to a Hyde Park view room. Overall, very impressed with the service. The rooms were immaculate. Would definitely recommend this Hotel if you have some spare cash to spend on accommodation.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maddison Clare
<Content>Absolutely Perfect Mu husband and I have stayed a number of times at the Sheraton on the Park Sydney. I cannot say enough about how lovely this hotel is. The service is wonderful with friendly courteous staff, rooms are spacious and beautiful and the hotel is very central to everywhere. Bathrooms are very large and comfortable. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sue20058
<Content>Enjoyable Stay, Get an Executive Club Room I stayed here for 4 nights for a conference that was also held at the hotel. Overall, my stay was excellent. At check-in I was upgraded to a Corner King Room, which gave me a partial view of the park. It was larger than a standard king with a large dressing area and entrance hall. The room was well furnished and certainly met 5 star standards. Room service was of a reasonably good standard. I booked a club room for the extras - complimentary wireless internet in the gorgeous club lounge, complimentary alcoholic drinks and canapes from 5.30pm to 7.30pm and a pretty decent breakfast with proper coffee from a large espresso machine. The staff in the club lounge were particularly helpful. My only complaint (minor) was that they could have given a a 6pm checkout because I arrived at 9 pm on the first evening of my stay and my return flight was at 9 pm.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Of My Favourites Looking at the other reviews, this is either a love it or hate it kinda place. Im a business traveller whos probably spent about 3 months here over the last couple of years. The rooms on the top floors are good sizes, have amazingly comfortable beds and glam black marble bathrooms. If you can blag yourself a view of the park, it'll be worth it. Theres a nice buffet restaurant, lively bar and a pretty impersonal steakhouse. Gold SPG members get to use a nice club room for breakfast and early dinner drinks and snacks. All the staff are very freindly. Valet parking is a bit slow. It takes about 20 mins retrieve your car. Internet access is chargeable in the rooms, but theres free WiFi in the lobby.The hotel is located in the CBD, right on Hyde Park and by the main shopping area. Sydneys waterfront hangouts at Circular Quay, Woolomooloo  Darling Harbour are each about 15 mins walk away. Traffic in the CBD can deadlock at rush-hour, so factor this in to your travel time.Very well recommended, (although theres no killer view of the Opera House / Harbour Bridge.)  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>Location, style but (often) no view We stayed at the Sheraton for a weekend in May and (as usual) got a room at the back that looks directly into an office building. I am told the views from the front are stunning. Even so, the rooms are well planned and decorated, and bathrooms are certainly 5 star. Breakfast is beautifully done, but at 5 star prices. Parking underneath is convenient. The rooftop pool has a great location, is often quiet, and is properly cleaned and heated. We would stay here again, but hope one day to get an East-facing room (ask for them!).  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hardly 5-star service I stayed at the Sheraton for three nights in April 2006. Unfortunately, the whole stay was like a comedy of errors. Firstly, I was overcharged $300 for the stay, and had to have the correct charge confirmed by the reception manager.During my stay, I tried to contact the concierge desk at least three times regarding dinner reservations. No one was available to answer the phone at any time I called over the weekend. Apparently, they had trouble with the phones!Breakfast at the brasserie was disorganised. I had been waiting outside for a table. When I was called in, I was told sorry, please wait outside again, the table has just been given to someone else. When I finally did get a table, there was no chef around to do the eggs, and most of the food platters were empty. Upon departure, I tried to order a taxi for the airport, but again there was no answer.Overall, the service at this hotel was disappointing and staying at Sheraton on the Park in Sydney is not recommended! Try the Park Hyatt or the Hilton instead.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gspence
<Content>Room a disaster! A special weekend in Sydney started badly when we booked a suite at the Sheraton. We arrived right on checkin time to be told our suite wasn't available. Unbelievably we were offered a downgrade, yes downgrade, if we wanted to check in immediately. No suggestion of a rate reduction.We returned later and were checked into suite 823. The bedroom was OK but the lounge area looked straight out of a cheap motel. Very little furniture, old decaying fixtures and completely devoid of atmosphere. It looked like someone had gone to a garage sale to furnish the room.When I spoke to room services they claimed all suites were the same. Having stayed at the hotel before I know this is not true.It seems the Sheraton is trying to make a buck out of rooms which are half way through being refurbished.Check your room before checking in!!We left and checked in at The Observatory. Simply fantastic!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yes_chef
<Content>Absolutely worth it! We stayed at the Sheraton on the Park for our wedding night, in an Executive Suite. The location is great - right next to David Jones and other stores for some leisurely shopping. I think this hotel is great value given how much you would be charged at the Four Seasons or Westin for a similar room.The staff were spectacularly helpful in letting us check in two hours early so we could get ready. They were very friendly and attentive and even left us a cute little chocolate basket with strawberries and champagne. Unlike other reviewers, we did not find them rushed or rude at all.The suite was fantastic with a huge lounge room with corner lounge, desk and comfy chair and a television. The lounge room could be shut off completely from the bedroom which was useful.The bedroom had the comfiest king size bed with a beautiful view of St Mary's Cathedral and Hyde Park - and a tv if you needed distraction.The bathroom was enormous with marble and wood finishing and every nice thing you could think of from the bathrobes to the mouthwash (very important!). My only (very minor) issues were that it took a while to get our car out of valet parking when there was really not a lot of traffic at 9am on a Saturday and there was no-one else waiting to get their car out. Also, breakfast at the Executive Club on level 21 was a bit of an anticlimax. The pastries were nice but the Westin does a much better hot breakfast. The Club itself is beautiful and has the most incredible view, internet access, papers etc.All in all it was absolutely worth it. We have made a pact to come back every year for our anniversary!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bailey_Schnapps
<Content>Good Hotel that is let down by the restaurant Stayed at the Sheraton for one night, and for $350 got breakfast, valet parking, wine and cheese and 2 drinks at the bar included. Was a great package for 1 night, the room overlooked the parked and the bedroom was good size along with a great huge bathroom. The only let down was dinner at the restaurant. Even though Sydney has great restuarants, we decided to eat at the hotel restaurant. The seafood buffet at $95 per person is over priced for what you get (and the lobster is overcooked). For a 5 star hotel, the restaurant can not seem to manage seating people at various times. Ie, we got their at 8.15pm but had to wait to the second sitting at 8.30pm, even though the restuarant was empty, there was food layed out and then at 8.30pm we had to que to be seated. At breakfast the same Matre` D was working and once again it seemed all too much - there's only so many apologies you can take when you are hungry. So great hotel, just eat somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hellooooooo
<Content>Terrible There are a lot of reviews you can read here, so I'm not going to waste a lot of your time mixing words. All I would do is expand on the other negative reviews about this one star motel. I still can't believe I allowed them to take my money for what they delivered. They lived up to the Sheraton reputation. I guess only have myself to blame, as I was warned. Do yourself a favour, stay at the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>panjack
<Content>One of the Better Ones... I stayed one night in this hotel with a group of us spread across 3 rooms. I was a little wary after reading many negative reviews here, but can happily report that the service I received was at the very least, acceptable for a 5 star hotel (I should know, I work in a good one). The only service I received which anyone could possibly gripe about was the slightly slow bar service, and this was acceptable as we had just ordered a large and tricky round of cocktails (around a 25 minute wait as the bar was certainly not quiet).The City View (who needs a view?)(fairly recently refurbished) rooms were great, large, spacious, beds fantastic! The bathrooms here are like Hyatt bathrooms with nice fittings and black marble throughout! During my stay, we encountered no problems at all, and all of the staff were friendly and efficient. This is one of the better 5 star Sydney hotels I have stayed in, and will return....  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A sad farewell to the Sheraton on the Park I found it rather entertaining to read all the reviews on the Sheraton on the Park at tripadvisor.com, simply because of their disparity! I stayed in the hotel every year since 2001 for at least one week and I finally tend to agree with those, who were disappointed. I once rated this hotel as one of the best five star hotels, but year by year the dissatisfaction was growing. Rates were going up and became totally unacceptable. Don't get me wrong: It's still a good hotel with nice, spacious rooms, an elegant lobby and a proper health club. But the staff is absolutely clueless, not very well trained and simply not on the level that you would expect from a five star hotel. Service in this hotel deteriorated incredibly over the years. For example they now charge you for using the gym!?!? You wouldn't expect that in a hotel, where you're paying 400 AUD per night, wouldn't you? When you're checking in, nobody asks you, if you prefer a smoking or a non-smoking room. These are basics, well known by every front desk manager or receptionist in every Holiday Inn all over the world... When I stayed there for the last time in November 2005, I really felt cheated. I will definitely come back to Sydney, one of the most vibrant cities in the world I know. But I surely will not spend a penny at the Sheraton on the Park.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JCW
<Content>First-class hotel Great location. Great rooms. Good restaurants. Superb executive lounge. Decent value for money. I stayed there a week, and was extremely impressed from start to finish. There are probably trendier places to stay in Sydney, but this is highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amazingplanet
<Content>I didn't realise this was a training hotel Compared to other hotels you could stay at in Sydney, for similar prices, I would steer clear of this one. Whilst the rooms are quite large and comfortable, if you get the right room, and the view across the park is lovely, especially if you can see the harbour in the distance, the service at this hotel makes the stay not worth it.I have stayed at this hotel several times when visiting Sydney for both business and pleasure (not my choice), and would not stay there again. The staff seem to run the hotel as though it is a training establishment or a factory. It was more like a place filled with uni students who were having a great time socialising with each other, but forgot the job at hand ... they're working in a hotel ... and YES ... there are customers! They demonstrate a lack of knowledge, are immature and lethargic. I will not go into spelling out the numerous examples, because they are just that ... numerous.Perhaps this is the sort of hotel that appeals to a certain crowd ... that would just look for the Sheraton name, rather than quality.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>truly.. a home away from home Sheraton on the Park is truly a home away from home.the decor were good and the room have a home atmosphere. their sweet sleeper bed is so soft and comfortable and they have pillows to die for. Check-in was quick and easy, my room is immaculate and the staff were very friendly. i was particularly impressed with cecille from housekeeping. she was such a lovely lady and really does her job properly. she makes sure that my room is really clean and is up to a 5 star hotel standard. i've never encountered such professionalism from the hotel's staff. the hotel's staff are so warm and helpful. i was looked after when i was in that hotel. i would definitely recommend this hotel. and i'll be back there next year.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GreginSantaBarbara
<Content>Been to Sydney 27 times, various hotels, this is the favorite What makes this hotel special? The teamwork in service. My friends and I have stayed at the other highly touted five star hotels which are often more popular. Some are closer to the Opera House and Circular Quay; some may have better views or Executive Lounges. In a country where international standards of excellent service is fairly new, this hotel stands out from almost every hotel I've seen. I've seen the conceirge run out to the street to help someone, I've had them book me an MD appointment on very short notice and closeby at a very reasonable cost. The decor is not my favorite, but the housekeeprs - especially Diow provide a caring, hospitable professionalism seldom seen in the business. One day at the business lounge I noticed an employee embraced by someone, congratulating them on their recent newborn. When I asked who it was, the employee told me it was the hotel manager. There's a team spirit here that is obvious. Other hotels may have a cachet, seem more hip, but when it comes to efficiency and service, this hotel is the one to book. Park views are great, some of the larger rooms are great. Here is one hotel where it pays to be a loyal Starwood member - the upgrades are worth all the loyalty. The conceirges have saved me money with very helpful insider info. One wouldn't expect this to be a great hotel - it is.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Major Dissapointment This place has gone DOWNHILL. I had stayed here before about 5 years ago and thought I it would be nice to be back. NO! They have done the rooms in a more funky modern decoration rather than the luxury classic style they had before. Interestingly, this hotel USED to be a 'luxury collection' level sheraton and they have lost that status!!!! So only in the past couple years have they lost that status and that is a bad sign. Location is good, but there are so many other better hotels right nearby that are much, much better. Don't settle for this one... I'm not going back.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tangokidd
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Staff, Terrific Location, 5* Take me back !!! I can't fault this hotel. We had a 2 week stay and loved every minute. Coming back to the hotel each day was a real pleasure because we knew we were going to be looked after by the staff, nothing was ever too much trouble.The hotel is very grand inside, check in was quick and easy and with a smile. The room was a class act in itself. We booked a standard room but it was immaculate. A huge bed and a massive marble bathroom with a shower to die for. The room was large and very airy with everything you'd expect form a top quality hotel including a mini bar and safe. The room looked as if it had recently be re-decorated which was an added bonus. We even had a walk-in wardrobe and the remote blinds with the wooden shutters were adding to the wow factor. We didn't have a view but we didn't care, nor did we ask for one. We had more family staying in different rooms and their鈥檚 were of the same theme and just as grand.The breakfasts were always first class, all staff were very happy to help. The buffet was well stocked and quickly replenished. The bar was quite expensive, but we still drank there as the seating area was comfortable and the service excellent. We only ate at the restaurant twice and both times were good in my opinion.I simply cannot fault this hotel, it was fantastic and would defiantly stay there again. The hotel itself had a great location right on Hyde Park and bang on the shopping district. It was about a 10 Minute walk to Darling Harbour one way and about 15 minute walk to the Rocks, Bridge and Opera House the other way.Would I stay here again? 110%, yes I would !Thank you Sheraton on the Park  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good 5 star hotel After reading recent reviews i've become a little unsure about a return stay here, but i'm basing this review on my stay back in the Jan 05.I found not fault with this hotel, the service was good (they let me check-in at 10am, with no questions). The room was clean and spacious with some nice gadgets (like remote blinds). It is also a good central location overlooking Hyde park and walking distance to most attractions i.e. Sydney opera house.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rado_traveler
<Content>Okay, but not great We spent our last night of a 2 week trip to Australia here. The room was nice and clean. The park view room we booked was not that great of a view as we were on the 7th floor and could see more of the hotel's front entrance roofing than the park. A little expensive for what you get! Probably would stay at the Marriott Harbor or try the Park Hyatt instead the next time. This hotel was a little disappointed compared to other Starwood hotels we have stayed at.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>diving4gold
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star hotel The rooms are nice however the service is lacking to the nth degree. From the moment I checked in it seemed there were problems. Small room even though I supposedly had been upgraded. The valet parking was nothing short of a nightmare. I stayed there 6 days and I think that the staff lost my car on almost every single occassion. On one occasion I was late for a lunch date. I definitely would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Vilavisitor
<Content>Sheraton on the Park - A Great Hotel - As Always We have just had our 20th stay at the Sheraton on the Park and as always came away very happy with the experience.Contrary to other postings it is possible to have a room with a view without being in the penthouse - many of the Park View rooms from about the 12th floor have nice views of the harbour and surrounding buildings - although obviously the higher you go the better it gets!We always find it spotlessly clean and the well kept.Many of the Staff have been at the hotel for years and this shows - we have yet to find a less than pleasant one - even though at busy times they are often run off their feet.I find that by booking as far in advance as possible I am often able to get very competitive rates - as well as taking advantage of the specials offered at varying times during the year.I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel for anyone visiting Sydney whether for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel The Sheraton on the Park is a great hotel. It is conveniently located hotel in the CBD and provides easy access to shops, restaurants, transportation and the park. My friends and I chose this hotel because it was situated at roughly the midpoint between Darling Harbor and the Sydney Harbor. This way, we could easily walk to either location depending on our planned activities for the day. The only drawback I could think of is the hotel doesn鈥檛 provide a view (unless you have the penthouse or something). If you want a hotel that will provide nice views of the Harbor Bridge or Opera House, this may not be the hotel for you. Otherwise, this hotel is probably one of the better hotels in town.The service was solid. Prior to arrival, we were able to lock in a fantastic (possibly) employee rate for two nights, but stuck with near retail price for the remaining three nights. We were unsure whether they would be willing to match the price since the lower rates were more than three times lower than the retail price. But they accommodated our request to match rates. I am sure that the reasoning was partially due to it being non-peak season, but still their rapid agreement showed their willingness to accommodate guests. Also, although the hotel is probably not as catered to tourists (it is located in the business district), they strived hard to find itineraries for us to the wine country and helped us book tickets to the BridgeClimb.The rooms are boutique-like in style, but are spacious. The beds are firm and have nice high count down comforters. The bathrooms are huge and nicely decorated with marble. The bathtub is big (although I did not use it) and the shower stall is roomy. The TV provides a nice variety of channels and do have MTV and CNN in the event you want to keep abreast in news and entertainment.I would recommend this hotel. If I am ever in Sydney for vacation again, I will definitely keep this on the short list.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>katrinawehipeihana
<Content>Terrible Security, could not recommend Would not recommend this Hotel for the following reasons -Lack of security, we returned late to this Hotel only to find a drunkhomeless person entering the Hotel, not once was he challenged.The front entrance was covered in falling leafs from the trees inthe Park and as it was a rainy day made the area very slipperycausing me to loose my footing.The room light did not work and was covered in dust, windowswere that dirty we could hardly see out.Not what one would expect from a 5 star Hotel  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice room, not such good service The rooms at this hotel are nice and very boutique hotel like. The benefit of staying at this hotel is that it is in the center of the city so it's not much of a hassle to get everywhere on foot. We were on our honeymoon and got the distinct feeling that the hotel is more for business people than vacationers. The concierge and front desk were not helpful in the slightist. If you don't have an itinerary or know exactly where you want to go and what you want to do, the staff at this hotel will be of no help. We chose to stay at this hotel over the Four Seasons because we had read that the Four Seasons was sub par in Sydney. Don't believe it. The rooms there aren't as nice but the service was amazingly better. One thing we found to be odd is that the Sheraton charges to use the gym. The service at the hotel for breakfast was plain awful and they couldn't get their act together to get me coffee. I definately would not recommend this hotel for people on vacation.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Todd83
<Content>Nice room... nice pool... but where's breakfast?! My partner and I stayed at the Sheraton on the Park on New Years Eve 2004-05, thus paying a premium for the fantastic location in the middle of Sydney. Reception were helpful and our room was clean and of a good size. The pool and fitness facilities were fantastic with great views over the Eastern suburbs towards the sea.The only gripe I have about this hotel is that we did not get our breakfast. Being New Years Eve, we were anticipating a big night and a late morning, so organised before we went out to have breakfast delivered at 9.30am. When we woke at 9.30, there was no sign of breakfast; at 10.30am we were so famished that we called reception, only to be told that breakfast finished at 10am and we would have to go to the in-house restaurant in the next 15 minutes if we want breakfast, otherwise we would miss out! There was no apology for 'misplacing' our order, and the staff were quite rude. Eventually we convinced someone to bring us breakfast, which was quite tasty, but it still took 45 minutes more to arrive and thus made us late for our lunch across town with friends.So, great 5-star hotel and great 5-star room, but if the service is not of a 5-star standard then all this is a waste!PS I wrote a letter once I got home to Melbourne and got a good response offering a free upgrade to the executive room upon my next stay. Not that I plan to stay here in the future but the sentiment was nice!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sabola
<Content>A hotel of theft I got the recommendation from here and stayed at this hotel in Feb. First of all, this hotel looked nice but if you have stayed at other 5 stars hotels in the world, I would give this only a 4 stars.Rooms are dirty and my sheets with lots of holes and I got biten by flees. Phones kept ringing but nobody called. And the maid called if we wanted to have cleaning service as we put the sign DO NOT DISTURB....??????? What kind of hotel is this?A student hostel probably would be better than this.My room was broken into. It was one of the five broken into in two days. My LV diary was stolen! I never thought I had to put it in the safe and they stole my watch and some cash I put in my suitcase. That was the only day I didn't lock the case after staying there for 7 days, as I thought I would be rather safe in a 5 star hotel.One gentleman's jacket was stolen in another room. What can I say?The hotel offered no apologies for what was happened. And I thought they would send me a letter as they promised. Until April, nothing was received. I hope the management will read my post and send me a letter and tell me what they have investigated.I didn't find the staff friendly at all, don't talk about 5 star service!If this is the best hotel, one of the best in Sydney, I must say, Please improve your hotel mate!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>redstone1365
<Content>All-hype!!! Very disappointed! I may be the odd man out as the previous reviewers were ecstatic about their stay at this hotel. Count me out. I too was impressed with the reviews that's why I chose this hotel for my family to stay in while in Sydney. We stayed there between March 24-28. We occupied two rooms because we are a family of five. Our check-in was a breeze, reception was helpful. When we got to our room, it was tastefully chic and modern. But the room was too small for a five star hotel. Bathroom looked elegant but beware---it was filthy! I was about to use the bathtub after a long day of touring, when I noticed a greenish stain on the tub's walls. Thought it was discoloration or something. To my horror, it was soap scum maybe from the previous occupants of the room. Checked the other bathroom where my children were and bathtub was also dirty.Complained to the housekeeping and they sent someone to clean it up.Becoming a little more cautious, I looked around and towel and tissue holders were dusty. Bath towels are tattered and some looked old and stained. Most of their towel bath mats canot be properly placed on the floor because some threads must have been caught in the washer or dryer (I really don't know)and this did not only happen once but all the time we were there for four nights.Newspapers had to be requested. And usually it will come in late when already left our hotel. Bathroom amenites were limited. They don't even have a sewing kit and a toothbrush which is standard in most of five star hotels.Breakfast was excellent though, we had buffet everyday and I must say the food quality is very good. But it's not the same with service by some of the staff. The chef (a big,old guy with an attitude) at the omelette station was arrogant. My husband politely asked him if he could have spanish omelette and he sarcastically responded that spanish omelette are made of many things. He said just choose from what they have. My husband is no chef thus the lack of knowledge, but he could have just politely ask him to choose from the available ingredients. He was obviously ridiculing him. Within the hearing distance of other guests.When it's my 11 year old son's turn, he was a bit shy to ask him and spoke in a rather low voice (maybe he was terrified with his attitude), he again in a loud voice ordered him to speak louder. But then, when a bunch of caucasian guys came, they were greeted by this man with enthusiasm. Even exchanging stories with them and giving tips on how to gamble wisely. He was so very willing to serve them.You see, we are Asians. I did not felt humiliated in other hotels as we were at this supposedly five star hotel. We've been travelling in different parts of the globe, from US to Asia but this man had displayed the most obnoxious attitude towards us. Some of the hotel's staff in the restaurant also displayed coldness and indifference. Never had this experience in other four or five stars hotel before.Before we were in Sydney, we visited Brisbane. And Sheraton paled in comparison to that hotel we stayed in brisbane (well, it's Conrad Treasury)Before we left, I handed a letter to the reception regarding my complaint.Whether it reaches the manager or not, I really don't know.I would say...yes..Sheraton got chic, modern rooms. Yeah, nice lobby. But the thoughtful consideration of the guests needs were overlooked. They lacked the basics. Comfortably sized room, clean bathroom with fresh, plump towels, storage space for luggage and some drawers for small things, and most of all, the warmth and sincere service of people who would welcome travellers regardless of their stature and race. We too, just like the others are paying costumers. We deserve, the same service, the same experience. Sheraton at the Park? Naaah. Never again!!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>yeowon
<Content>Awesome hotel, great location in Central Sydney This hotel is awesome, my husband stays there all the time on business and I accompany him sometimes. The premier department store in Sydney, David Jones is located next door and it is close to all Sydney sights so there is no downtime from having to travel to destinations by car. Wonderful rooms, high standard. A joy to stay in.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYCshopper
<Content>Love this hotel!! From the moment I checked in all was excellent. Starwood uprgrade to high floor room overlooking the park. A chocolate Easter rabbit to celebrate the upcoming holidays, access to the amazing club lounge on the 21st floor which looks out over all of sydney and serves great evening snacks and breakfast. Beds are very comfortable as are the very cool black marble bathrooms with deep soaking tubs. The location of this hotel is excellent as it is slightly out of the tourist frenzy right along the harbour yet close enough to walk the 10-15 minutes down the street. Great location for Shopping! Everything is within one block.In Sydney........Look no further!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AndreyBY
<Content>Appears to be best in Sydney I visited Sydney (and Australia) for the first time in January 2005 for business purposes. The hotel did not disappoint me in any single aspect. In addition I was upgraded to Executive Suite as Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest which is a very big room with a separate living area and park view. It should be noted though that Executive Rooms (where my colleague stayed) are of the same size as standard rooms and may have both park and city view, so my recommendation would be to book standard room with park view rather than executive. If you are on pure leisure there may be other interesting hotels in Sydney, including those located on the water. But this one is a classical luxury hotel with excellent interior, service and premier location near Hyde Park and within a short walking distance to business and shopping areas.I will stay in this hotel again if I am in Sydney, especially for bsiness.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bliss, in a fabulous location I visited Sydney in Sept 2004 with a friend who, luckily for me, works for the Sheraton group so we got a great rate. The view from our room on the 21st floor over Hyde Park and the bays was amazing. The attention to detail was great. Definitely worth the 5 stars. If you go, definitely make use of the pool on the roof. It's spectacular at night or early in the morning as the sun sets or rises.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Feeber
<Content>Fantastic hotel!   showReview(3007771, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sscottishlass
<Content>sheer luxury   showReview(3004639, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>Totally Stumbled Upon This One   showReview(2906597, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location - the best!   showReview(2873440, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BornTooLoose
<Content>Close to shopping and much else   showReview(2346550, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location,staff, decor,service, rooms.   showReview(2288074, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bathroom to die for...   showReview(1681355, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sq77w
<Content>My residence in Sydney   showReview(1649516, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was nice...I would stay there again..   showReview(1272259, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jftrip
<Content>Loved the Sheraton   showReview(908050, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kemeko18
<Content>銉曘儶銉笺仹寰掓銇цΤ鍏夈仹銇嶃倠銆?#x201d;   showReview(23212966, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪熴倱涓?#x201d;   showReview(20752828, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xbessard
<Content>TRES MOYEN   showReview(17640742, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert!   showReview(17440614, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(13202856, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銆佷笂鍝?#x201d;   showReview(19163871, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠ュ墠銇嬨倝娉娿伨銇ｃ仸銇裤仧...   showReview(19925112, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈堛亸鍒╃敤銇椼仸銇勩仧銉掋儷...   showReview(19920661, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

