<Author>IndigoShore
<Content>Disappointing The overall design theme of this hotel is 'dark'. I had a nice enough room but with a really tiny window, way above head height, which was obscured by a beam: the window let in more noise than light. I am not quite sure how the glimpse of the eaves of a neighbouring building qualifies as a 'city view' - an Ann Frank experience perhaps.The black furniture and low lighting emphasized the gloom. I asked for extra light and after two days one feeble desk lamp arrived but as there were no plugs near the desk it was pretty useless. The room wasn't dirty but neither was it clean. The bedside surfaces hadn't been dusted when I arrived and hadn't been cleaned when i left either.The hotel is essentially a training college for the Stein hotel group and whilst the kids are sweet the novelty soon wears off. There is only so much inept service one can stand when paying top dollar prices. Room service was excruciatingly amateur, restaurant service was bizarre, and the food was undercooked.For these prices it is hard to recommend being a guinea pig at this establishment.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>TheLeopardUK
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed for a night and paid 215 euros. The hotel is beautiful: a nice building very well done up, a stylish bar, rooms tastefully furnished and decorated. The original room which I was given had a window which would not shut completely. After a couple of staff tried to close it, I was offered a much nicer room. The staff very nice and polite - a slight amateurish way (I understand that the hotel is also a training school) is endearing rather than annoying (that said, I was told that the window had not shut the night prior to my arrival either - why, then, was the room considered suitable for a customer?). The bed was very comfortable indeed and the sheets of good quality, I dined at the restaurant and had a very enjoyable evening - the food was good (and, at 45 euros for a three course meal, reasonably priced for the standard of the hotel), the service excellent, the room very good indeed. All in all, an enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>the_bmg
<Content>Great location, great building, great bar, great rooms... patchy service. If I go to Amsterdam again, I'll stay here despite the dodgy service...The hotel is in a fantastic location - next to the Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum. Great restaurants and other eateries and good shops nearby - really great, great location - you're in the posh part of town. Wonderful old building, excellent rooms - great bathrooms with underfloor heating. Cracking bar with cocktails that draw people from all over town... BUT... you have to wait half an hour for that cocktail, the room might not be made up, someone might come into your room while you're sleeping to stock up the fridge and carry on doing so after seeing you (it happened to us!), you won't get the Mr and Mrs Smith Pastry Box if you booked with them, it might take a while to sort your bill... We went knowing all this because it's a school for those in hotel/tourism training - but it seems as if they haven't had any lessons yet!If you go with an open mind and can get over the service being patchy (some we had was excellent) - stay here. Amsterdam hotels are expensive even if you're in 2*/3* and I thought this was pretty good value at 鈧?00 per night. Plus will you be lounging around the hotel all the time? This isn't a resort so the opportunities for poor service are few and far between (but you will get it!).  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	1	5	

<Author>Netzkonfekt
<Content>Check out NIGHTMARE - Hotel BEAUTIFUL         
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	4	4	

<Author>Pudzuk
<Content>Great Hotel We originally booked to stay at The Lloyd Hotel but after reading the bad reviews changed our booking to The College Hotel. The College Hotel is in one of the best parts of town and is easy to reach using public transport from the airport. We took the train from the airport to central and then the number 12 tram from central station to the hotel. The tram stop is a few steps from the hotel door.The hotel building is impressive and very well converted with great lighting. The check in staff were very helpful and called us to advise we could check in early. We were shown to our room and talked through how everything worked. We stayed in a luxury double. The room was large with a huge window and high ceilings with exposed beams. The bathroom although small was well designed and had a great shower.We chose not to eat breakfast at the hotel on either morning so cant comment on the food or service. We found you could eat for half the price else where. We did however order room service one evening which was delivered quickly and was tasty and well presented.During out three day stayed we enjoyed the comedy show Boom Chicago, a bike tour of the city with Mikes Bike Tours, a drink at the Ice Bar and some relaxed time in Vondel Park.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SteveUK1978
<Content>Great Hotel Cannot speak highly enough about the hotel having stayed there in August 2008. The building and the decor are stunning and the location was ideal for our 3 day trip to the city. The hotel is on the tram line so you can get into the City Centre in 10 mins or so although we walked which only took 20 mins. It is very close to the Van Gogh museum and in the immediate area are plenty of really nice, good quality restaurants that are populated by locals and are certainly not the tourist traps found in the city. Reading many of the reviews complaining about the staff  rooms etc I would probably say that if you are very fussy/stuffy and are looking for a traditional 5* hotel this may not be for you. That said we had no problem with the staff who were young, yes, but all very competent and enthusiastic and happy to serve. The terrace bar in early evening was lovely for a drink before dinner after a long day walking the city. If I were to come again, and if I stayed in Amsterdam again it would be here, I would probably not bother paying the 20 Euros extra for a superior double room over the standard double. The only difference seems to be a bit more space and a bath rather than a shower. Overall great boutique hotel in a top location that I would have no hesitation to recommend to family and friends.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ruienc
<Content>Loved the building stayed for one night in july. Excellent location close to airport, walking distance to Van Gogh Museum and lots of nice restaurants and Terraces around the hotel. Staff is the most helpfull I have seen. Internet connection in the room is expensive, but there is a PC with internet connection near the reception that can be used for free. Hotel bar is nice, and I got the most delicious apple pie in my life in this hotel... strogly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>vette10
<Content>Pricey but definitely worth it We decided to stay here because we couldn't get a hotel in Rotterdam for the North Sea Jazz Fest. It took about 40 mins one way driving to the fest but when we came home, we decided it was welll worth the drive! The hotel staff were students but very professional nonetheless and made us feel at home! The hotel parking is utterly ridiculous, (45 Euros per day) but so is all the parking in amsterdam!! You can take a chance and park on the street at a mere 20 Euros per day. The design is very chic...the mandarin tea body wash and lotion are to die for...and the hotel lobby, restaurant and dining areas are simply fantastic. Some don't appreciate the dark design (blacks and browns and dark grays) but I am a fan and will return for sure!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timl11
<Content>Intimate but expensive Stayed for a couple of nights to celebrate our tenth anniversary. The building itself is charming, but the overall experience is underwhelming.In particular, a blocked sink, a small room, single beds and the absence of any facility to prepare a hot drink made the whole experience less 'boutique' than I had hoped. Given this was a luxury outfit, I thought maybe we were simply not expected to be able to operate a kettle and therefore called room service for two cups of tea. An hour later the order arrived.In future I'd rather stay somewhere rather less 'boutique' and spend the excess on a couple of lavish meals whilst I'm there.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>jeninbrighton
<Content>Superb service, beautiful hotel We booked the College Hotel for two nights over our wedding in Amsterdam. From the reviews I'd read here, I was fully expecting a beautiful hotel with some poor service. However, everything was top notch from start to finish! There was always a doorman at the entrance, and we were offered 'fresh organic apple foam' while we were checking in. (I made such a fuss about how delicious it was that they gave me another one!) The hotel was even more stunning than in the photos. We were given a tour of the hotel after we checked in, and then our luggage was taken upstairs to our incredible room. We booked the deluxe double through Mr. and Mrs. Smith, and it was HUGE, with an incredible bathroom! Everyone was so friendly while we were there. They pressed our wedding outfits for us, free of charge. They brought us apples and bottles of water every night before bed. They ordered a limousine to take us to our wedding ceremony, and took some really arty photos of us on our camera before we left. The nicest touch was the bottle of complimentary champagne that they brought up to our room while we were getting dressed for the wedding.... with a really nice note from the front desk staff congratulating us. The only thing I thought that was a little out of order was the price of the breakfast - 19 euros (!!!) gives you a basket of bread cheese and meats. If you want eggs, cereal or yogurt, you pay extra (up to 6 euros extra) for each item. We were planning to treat ourselves on the morning after the wedding to a breakfast in bed, but we just couldn't justify the cost! So we walked up to the Pancake Bakery instead (on Prinsengracht) which was delicious. All in all, a wonderful stay in a beautiful hotel with really friendly staff. You'd be hard pressed to find a hotel of this quality and luxury for the same price anywhere else in Amsterdam!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fiona1a
<Content>shame about the service As an avid 'Mr and Mrs Smith' traveller, i booked The College Hotel in Amsterdam for 1 night as a special treat for my partner.I emailed the hotel a few months before arriving to advise them of my membership number, this would allow a free upgrade. I did not receive a reply after submitting this twice.After a 5 hour delay (heavy snow in the UK) we arrived at the beautiful hotel, wonderful interior and wonderful ambience. We were not warmly greeted and taken to our room. I was so disappointed - very very small, a cupboard door had a toliet in and in the corner a very small shower cubicle. We had in fact been given a single room! We asked to be moved and our double room was very spacious, lovely double shower and sumptious bedding. We were offered a free drink in the bar for the inconvenience.We opted for 'breakfast in bed' so filled in the continental option for 1030/1100 in our room. By 1130 we had showered and were chasing our coffee and breakfast. They had forgotten us. We were sent bacon panninis at 1215hrs! I'm a vegetarian! We decided to check out - i asked for a refund on our breakfast and a discount on our room. The manager asked if we enjoyed our pastry box - you guessed, what pastry box? He apologised once again and asked if we would like a drink in the bar, we asked for a coffee and a rose wine. My partner and i fell about laughing, we were sent a white wine and a pot of tea!Wonderful building, immaculately clean, further out of the centre than we thought but such a big shame that the 'students' aren't keen, attentive and correctly guided.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBondoux
<Content>Great hotel, funny staff! This hotel is pretty luxury standard. Everything about it is 5 star - except the staff. This is only due to all the staff being students - in the trade. With their lack of experience you can find youself in pretty laughable situations - but it doesn't detract from the great location and venue.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>April1978
<Content>Favourite Hangout! We were in for a surprise this time visiting Amsterdam. After reading an article in Travel + Leisure on this hotel, we thought we try it out. Never encountered anything like it, and we've travelled a lot, mainly through Europe. The atmosphere is just amazing, ancient building with perfect lighting, combination of fabrics like silk and velvet make it just devine. The bar is a popular hangout for locals, and we just mingled right in! Excellent cocktails, The College Swinger was definately my favourite :-) Unfortunately we didn't have the change to dine in the restaurant, which looked amazing as well, so we had some bites in the bar. The presentation of the soup was really funny. Coming to the staff, well, they are youngsters who are being trained. We knew this beforehand and we must say, we were pleasantly surprised. We saw teenagers doing their best to please us and being trained to become professional. Very helpfull for sure. We would certainly go back here in summer, so we can try out on of their scooters they rent out! Faboulous idea!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lizzie1955
<Content>Stunning Hotel! Excellent Customer Service! Great Room! I have just come back from a superb four-day stay at The College Hotel. This is a stunning, luxury property, just the right size (not too big; not too small) located in an upscale, residential section of Amsterdam. It truly offers the best of both worlds. The museums and Concertgebouw are a quick five minute walk away. Trams directly, in front of the hotel, have you in city center in about 10-minutes.I booked a deluxe double (#108)鈥攁 large corner room with four big windows-- and it didn鈥檛 disappoint. You entered into a long entrance foyer in which there was a closet, lots of mirrors and the entrance to the bathroom (also quite nice with a large tub and handheld shower). The hallway took you to the sleeping area in which there was a comfy, cozy double bed, two night stands and a desk with a flat screen TV. Then it was up two steps to a large seating area containing small sofa, chair, coffee table, mini-bar and other furnishings that completed the look of the room. There was everything you would expect of a luxury hotel. A particularly nice touch was the fresh bottle of water and plate of apples left by my bedside each night.I have stayed in a number of 4 and 5 star hotels in my day and I am very picky. I must say that the customer service I received at The College was the best I have ever experienced鈥攆rom my first exploratory phone call to the cab that was ordered and arrived just on time for my 5:45am trip to the train station. The reservation manager spent ages on the phone with me helping to pick the perfect room. When I arrived, the room I had been promised was ready for me. Check-in was quick and easy. Every need was met from then on.I grant you that some of the trainees are a bit 鈥渦nseasoned鈥?but what they lack in experience they make up for in enthusiasm and warmth. And, there is always an experienced pro nearby to step in and assist if needed.Staying at The College was a treat. I can鈥檛 wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hobbzee
<Content>Looks great shame about the service My husband and I stayed here on the last bit of our honeymoon. The hotel looked great, plush decor and beautiful furnishings but we found customer service left a lot to be desired. Having had a pleasant stay we went to bed early on our last night only to be woken up several hours later by a member of staff unlocking our room door coming into the room with a delivery, mistakenly thinking the room was vacant. He hadn't knocked first so didn't hear our cries of protest that he'd got the wrong room. Our sleep was interrupted and we did not then have a relaxing time the rest of the night. When I mentioned the incident to the member of staff on reception when I was checking out he seemed very disinterested, admitted it had been him who'd done it and sort of shrugged it off with barely an audible sorry. I was appalled at the attitude, all I wanted as an acknowledgement and a proper apology. When I wrote a letter of complaint on my return to the UK I was disappointed not to have received a reply. Therefore I am not able to recommend this hotel because of this unfortunate incident and the complete lack of interest from hotel staff in making up or apologising for it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>meeeeeeeeee
<Content>College Hotel...not so bad I like to stay in five star properties, although this is rated five star, i think it really may be 4 star. The rooms are nicely furnished although the lighting in the rooms leave so much to be desired. The beds are very comfortable with nice down duvets. The rain showerhead is AMAZING! There were not any towel warmers, but who cares. The bathroom also needs additional lighting. Everything in this hotel room is very nice and plush, but too dark. The hotel bar rocks, Each night the crowd was a grouping of 30 and 40 somethings enjoying themselves. The only major drawback of the hotel is the staff. They are students in hospitality and do have a lot to learn! During my stay, the staff was not proficient in giving a tourist directions, They did, however, perfect the art of giving out maps! They were professional but not really friendly. When I stay in a hotel, I always try to find the personality of the staff- makes me feel more comfortable while i am in a foreign city. A turn off was being charged a 25 Euro deposit to borrow an adapter. I would consider staying here again- but that is because I already know a bit about the city.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>15may06
<Content>Chic Hotel Expensive with a little twist to it. This hotel is run by hotel and catering students with supervision of course. With that comes some drawbacks as the service received for paying quite a lot does not addup. However, because it is run by students, they tend to be careful and ever so obliging. We did not have any problems whatsoever.The hotel itself is quite understated. It is located quite close to the city centre and the tram stop is only opposite the hotel. Gettingaround was not difficult as Amsterdam is a walkable city. The hotel itself is difficult to locate if you have to find it yourself as there are no big signs. It was an old school but totally refurbished so it looks very up-to-date on the inside and very contemporary. The rooms are situated in a dark corridor with uplighters as the only light. The was on the top floor so the ceilings were vaulted. There was little natural light with a velux window on the highest floors. Dark woods are everywhere. The bedlinen were really comfortable and there is a turn down service every evening with chocolates. The bathroom was again very chic and modern. The floors were heated so there was no cold feet on the natural stone floors. The restaurant was again run by students. Food was ok but service was poor for the price paid. Overall, a pleasant stay albeit a bit pricey.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	3	2	4	

<Author>lou8088
<Content>fantastic hotel This was my first trip to Amsterdam so I was unsure what to expect.The hotel itself was fantastic very boutique and modern. I am in my 20's and with my boyfriend and it suited us perfectly. We booked last minute so were unsure as to whether we would get a decent room.We arrived at the hotel early but our room was ready which was great. The hotel has only 40 rooms spread between the first and second floor. We were on the second floor in room 210 which was around the side of the building. The room was fantastic. It had high ceilings with exposed wooden beams and a bath to die for.Every evening staff arrived at the room with a bottle of cold water and chocolates just what you need after a day of sightseeing. They service the room whenever you like and turn down the beds each evening.The only downside to the hotel is the road noise which is due to the original wooden windows. It is not a very busy road its probably just because i am a light sleeper. The oher down side is the room was quite dark there are only lamps to light the rooms and corridors with downlighters in the bathroom, this made it difficult to have a shower as you were practically in darkness.The location of the hotel was what i was most worried about, i thought it was going to be miles away from the centre. Its actually 5-8 minutes walk from the museum centre where the rembrant, van gough museums are. It is a 10 minute tram ride to Dam Square which is probably the furthest you need to go as everything else is inbetween. I would recommend Leisplein for a few drinks on a night, very safe and some good bars and restaurants.Trams run from directly outside of the hotel and you can get the 5 or 24 to central station and it stops at all of the main attractions on the way. We never waited more than 5 minutes for a tram to arrive which was great as you don't want to spend your break waiting for transport.Staff at the hotel were not brilliant but we expected that before we went, they are students after all. The ones on reception were great but the waiters and chefs at breakfast in the hotel were useless. One day our breakfast order was incorrect 3 times so we just gave up and ate what we were given. Toast was served 20 minutes after the scrambled egg so it was cold. It was little thing s like that which were annoying as it was nothing to do with there ability it was common sense.When we checked out of the hotel we asked to leave our bags as we wanted to go sightseeing this was done without issue. However when we went to settle our bill they tried to charge us 70 euro for room service which we had not had. This took a while to sort out but eventually they realsied that we were not going to pay.All in all a fantastic hotel but if you are expecting 5* service think again. You have to be patient with them but i was starting to get fed up with the lack of common sense.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>capybaradays
<Content>Architectually stunning, but improvements can be done The College Hotel is indeed a unique hotel. The designers have made stunning efforts to preserve the integrity of the architecture, beautiful old arches and tall ceilings. It's definitely one of a kindin Amsterdam. We loved the bar and the restaurant, the embience, food, drinks, staff service were superb.We booked into the Luxury Double Bedroom (supposedly just one size smaller than the suite rooms), and we were surprised how small the 4th largest room in the hotel turned out to be. For the same price, we could have booked into a Hilton or Sheraton and got away with a more spacious room. Our room was on the 2nd floor, adjacent to the stairs. This became a problem in the morning when other guests used the stairs and each time the heavy door slams shut, it echoed into our room! Suggest to future visitors to request for a room away from the stairs unless youdon't mind waking up at 7am.Front desk staff still needed more time to get into the groove of serving in a luxury hotel. When I overheard a response to a request:NO, we don't have any other rooms, I thought the response was quiteshocking. It could have been I'm terribly sorry, we are overbooked today, but I could offer you another room tomorrow as we would have a vacancy. I think it would have gone down better with the customer.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>woods1966
<Content>Good, with some reservations... The staff is terrific, and the Dutch are just wonderful...no two waysabout it.These younger hotelliers run a great operations.However, for an American...the hotel, even the non-smoking rooms, is incredibly smokey. the Bar vents into the hallways of the hotel areas and there is (incredibly to my mind) a haze of cigarette smoke from 1900 until early morning.Also, there were some maintenance issues in both rooms we stayed in...minor things like bathroom doors being off the track, to fixtures needing repair...not major, but certainly worth some maintenance time.The onsite restaraunt was good, although somewhat cutting edge, and (again) incredibly smokey (we were shocked, again from an American perspective) to observe a baby shower at another table, smoking nonstop through the meal (with the expectant mother at the same table).Crazy sensibilities in Western Europe over smoking, but hey...you can't have it all.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crakston
<Content>Loved it! We are just back from spending the ester week end at the College hotel and I have to say it was an excellent experience.We booked the hotel using our MrMrs Smith card and received our complementary cocktail and pastry box as expected. the hotel is beautiful and our room was spotless and we had no problem with noise and our room was on the front of the hotel.a real luxury hotel for a good price!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wvdl
<Content>Noisy valentine's package We had booked a Valentine's package including champagne breakfast. However, the room next door was redecorated which we found out at 6.30 AM, way before we had planned to wake up.After a call to the recepetion desk they did not have another room for us so we decided to forget about breakfast and check-out.It took a lot of dicussion, (with a lot of non-sense argument like this is the first time that someone complains so it is not serious) before the office manager agreed that we did not had to pay for breakfast which we did not have. This type of service from the students may be expected, but not from their teachers! For us this was the last time in this lovely decorated but noisy place  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timdaw
<Content>Noisy and pretentious! Staff lovely though! We booked the hotel largely on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. I am amazed that nobody mentioned that this hotel is in a very noisy position, on a tram route, surrounded by busy roads. As the original windows have been retained, there is only secondary double glazing which does not work! Although we moved room because of the noise, it was still far from tranquil. All the doors crash loudly.. even the room's ridiculous cupboard door furniture is noisy!The building is beautifully restored, but we found the decor pretentious and overwhelming. The clientele is similarly pretentious! The young trainee staff were delightful though! We also stayed at t'hotel, which is an oasis of calm and entirely without pretension.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tavish1
<Content>Gorgeous decor/building BUT poor service lets it down I agree with all the other comments about the hotel. It is a very special building that has been converted with great care. The room we stayed in had huge high ceilings and was very comfortable. The only thing you could find fault with was the lighting (too dark).But the service was very poor. Taxis and alarm calls we ordered never appeared. We were given a twin room when we asked for a double and it took them 6 hours to sort it out. Overall, the service is not up to standard given the room rate. It seems that the students lack initiative and the management is not doing a very good job of training them.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarinNetherlands
<Content>A jem 4 my eyes went to stay in this hotel the day after Xmas.Booked directly trough the hotels website, got confirmation, but at arrival they didn't have my booking....lucky I brought the confirmation-email. After a little waiting in the bar (no complementary drink for the inconvenience)they managed to give us a small, but beautifull room and promised us the room I booked for the next night. Day 2 we changed to a slightly bigger room,but still not the type that I booked (with DVD player and expressomachine). At checkout I mensiond that they charged me the same price for both the rooms and they deducted the difference. Never got an excuse or geste because they mixed/missed the booking of the correct room. Still I would recommand this hotel to everybody (together with hotel Sofitel Demeure the Grand) because it has a lot of charm, peacefull area and very friendly staff. The very populair (also with the locals) beautifull and trendy bar is worth a visit!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lolabug
<Content>Beautiful Luxury Hotel with a Couple of Minor Issues               More photos  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>I'd definitely stay again...but they have some kinks to work out... First off, the hotel is very beautiful. They took an old school building and refurbished it. The building itself is gorgeous, and the decor is modern and simple. I read other reviews on tripadvisor and thought it sounded unusual and worth a try, and I would recommend it definitely. I really hope the hotel works out some of it's kinks though, and I warn you - you may encounter some odd things.The hotel is walkable to vondelpark and museumplein, but not convenient to the red light district or the city centre - about a 40 minute walk or a tram ride. I personally thought the location was terrific, the city centre and red light areas are very very frantic, full of high tourists. This is a great escape from all that and all those tourists. Even if you are a high tourist, do you really want to be in that area all the time? I think the location is terrific, a good convenient area, but not too crazy.The room: the shower is European style, meaning handheld, which is unfortunate. The tub is very large, but the shower is handheld. The bed is very comfortable, probably one of the best I've slept in in Europe. The pillows are gigantic and comfy.Restaurant and bar were above average.Don't know what was up with the TV, but full blast I could barely hear it. I have to assume something was wrong with the one in my room, because it was basically inaudible at full volume.Now...our freaky problem...while we were there apparently rooms 115 and 117 had a phone switcheroo. When we checked out I mentioned we had some issues and the front desk showed me a note for the staff that the phone lines were swapped, so this is probably a freak issue that you won't have. But everything room 117 ordered came to us...a taxi order, a 5:30 wake up call, a bus order, a phone call, another taxi, a laundry pickup...about 7 different things. Be sure to specify your room number if you call the front desk!!! It was amusing but redundant when the person on the phone did not believe I was in room 115 instead of 117 over and over. Anyway, I would stay there again, the building itself is worth it. There're some kinks to work out, but the staff there is most friendly and they seem sincere in wanting you to enjoy your stay. I would have easily given it a 5-rating except for the mixed-room issue, which I'm sure is a freak occurance...Also - be sure to lock your door. Most hotels, the door automatically locks when you close the door. Here it is a key with a deadbolt - you have to lock the lock! Didn't realize that the first time and left the door totally unlocked :(  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	2	4	1	

<Author>cheryljm
<Content>Very impressed by The College Hotel!       The beds were SO comfortable!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Gentlewoman
<Content>A Wonderful Experience We spent (2) nights at this hotel in May and found it lovely. The rooms were serene with a huge bathroom - that contained..... yes grab bars! The staff was pleasant and we found the location very desirable along a tram route and close to the wonderful museums. The bedding was crisp and clean and the complimentary bottled water and chocolates brought to our room in the evening was a nice surprise. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UpscaleTraveller
<Content>Smart hotel, sweet people We just spent 5 nights at the College Hotel and found it delightful. The staff was friendly, eager to be helpful, if somewhat shy. They were quick to respond to requests and we felt like we had a home away from home.Although the Hotel is outside the city center, the tram is handy and there are taxis readily available. We loved dining in the College's upscale neighborhood, far from the tourist path.We had room 205, a little attic wonderland, small high windows, a skylight, chaise, unbelievably comfortable bed with good reading lights, luxury linens. The bath was shower only, but what a shower! It was very large, had great water pressure and the toiletries were designer. Loved the bath sheets, too.We only ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant, as the menu for lunch and dinner were a little gamy for us. But the breakfast was great continental fare and the coffee was delicious. The bar scene was trendy and fun. This hotel is what we had hoped it would be. I look forward to staying at the College Hotel again.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>footnotesetc
<Content>Simply Sumptuous Interiors! The design quotient is very high at this hotel, though it might look dated' in a few years. I don't know about the other rooms, but in our room, the bath was poorly lit, without windows. Staying more than two nights was a challenge鈥揑 couldn't see a thing in there!Not everything worked in the room, I think design triumphed over function at this hotel. And depending on your priorities, this might or might not concern you.The bar is another gorgeous space鈥?lots of noise and smoke. Attractive crowd.Innovative, international menu at the restaurant and beautiful presentation.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Robert-J
<Content>An odd mixture My wife and I spent 4 nights at the College at the end of April. It is an odd mixture - many parts are good to very good, other aspects are curious. The building itself is a very smart conversion and the bedroom had many designer touches. We had room 211, in the attic, ostensibly a de luxe room. However the attic walls sloped inwards, the small windows were high on the walls and all we could see outside was the sky - even this view was limted as one window was largely obscured by the exposed beams which ran right down the middle of the window. The bathroom was again odd, very smart, gleaming chrome fitments, a very large and very deep bath, big enough for two - BUT no grabs rails, nothing to hold on to at all as you scarmbled over the high side. The shower was a hand held device a little like a hairbrush so you had to stand in the bath as no means of securing the shower head to anything, but no non slip surface to the bath and again - no grab rails. We thought the service charming - the receptionists and the waiting staff really sweet, ddesparately anxious to please but not absolutely confident about what they should do or say. We had dinner in the dining room on our first night - it took over 3 hours fo a 4 course meal. The student chefs had, I imagine, been set tasks in devising the menu - what about herring ice cream for a starter? Fortunately immediately across the road a good Bistro in La Falote (Roelof Hartstraat 26) which served excellent food, reasonabky quickly. At the end of a pleasant evening the chef entertained us on his accordion - well played.All in all I found this Hotel, despite its oddities, much better value than the Pulitzer where we stayed on our last visit to Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel with really friendly staff This hotel is simply amazing. We arrived much earlier than our check-in and the staff couldn't have been more helpful checking us into our room early and offering us complimentary coffee whilst we waited for our rooms to be sorted. This set the tone for the whole stay. The staff are training but they are polite friendly and so keen to help. I would certainly recommend this to young couples who are looking for a gorgeous hotel with a laid back feel. Its really close to all the museums (about a 3 min walk - if that) the centre of the city is about 20mins walk (10mins on a bike or there is a tram right outside the hotel that'll get you there in about 5mins for less than 2 Euros)We didn't eat in the restaruarnt but the staff are on hand with advise about where else to eat in the area and booked our tables for us, arranged bike hire for the day and got us pre-entry into the museums - really usefull to avoid the queuesAll in all a brilliant hotel and a brilliant break away  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cheshire81
<Content>Mixed Feelings I stayed at The College Hotel with my partner between 25th March '06 - 27th March '06. This is the third time I have stayed in the hotel simply because of its sheer beauty as a boutique hotel. It is contemporary with a nod to the classical, very comfortable and incredibly relaxing. Just to give you an insight I have stayed in the Radisson, The American, NH City Amsterdam, Sofitel Demure Grand and The Pulitzer and can easily say The College Hotel is much more intimate, personalized and enjoyable than any of the above. The Location is great, close to great shops and good tram links right outside. If you like museums then they are just a short walk away but probably be better to get a map from the tourist info as the hotel only has really small ones with no road names on, what's that all about?When I arrived at the hotel (9am) understandably our room was not ready as check-in is 3pm, no worries we dumped the cases and wandered over to Cafe Luxemburg on Spui which does great breakfast overlooking a small square and great place to people watch! After some good shopping and lunch at Cafe PC (on PC Hoofstraat which is just fab but may need to book) we headed back to the Hotel for about 3.30pm. We got to reception and they advised our cases were already in the room so they led us to our room on the second floor (205). On entering it was like a shoebox, I explained to the girl who was pretty sullen and almost never smiled that I booked a room that was 33-39 sq metres she said that she would go back to reception and look into it. I booked this room directly with the hotel so not sure why they got it wrong but hey. After about 10 minutes still nothing so I went down to reception to find out what was going on. They apologised and said that they had put us in the wrong room and led us to a room I had booked. Back in the lift onto the 1st floor to a room that had twin beds, again not what I booked so back down to reception to see the Reception Manager. She then took us to a third room which hadn't even been cleaned, at this point we are at 4pm and not happy at all! We were finally taken to room 107 which was ready and had a double bed and was much bigger as booked, finally they brought our cases and we were able to settle in. Not the best way of dealing with it but she was the only manager in at the time. Be warned though not all rooms have a shower, they have a bath with a hand held shower attached to the tap, strange eh, and some rooms only have a shower cubicle. Down to the bar, the last time I went (6 months ago) the bar staff were useless you would wait about half an hour for a drink but this time they were much more slick, quick service, smiles and regularly changing nibbles! It is a great artmosphere in the bar with cool Fashionistas and most of the Dutch Glitterati. The staff lack finess with service though as one guy literally spilt candle wax all over his suit when changing the candles. The restaurant is however very different. Continental breakfast (鈧?7.00) is pretty dire with banana milkshakes in a thimble like glass, very thin pieces of apple in sherbet, some smoked salmon, tiny pastries and a very small selection of cerials, all looks pretty but only good if you have a very small apetite in a morning. We went for the cooked breakfast option at 鈧?1.50 my partner had smoked salmon and scrambled egg, v nice apparently and came pretty quickly, I ordered blueberry pancakes with maple syrup which came 10 minutes after my partner had finished their breakfast! Apparently the chef had burnt 2 lots, worth waiting for? - not really, would always go out for breakfast in future, Cafe Luxemburg to the rescue! This was really the icing on the cake I asked to see the Hotel Manager who was apprently on the phone but would come out asap, so we waited in the lobby with the beautiful silk walls, comfy chairs and roaring fire which flickered in time with the array of scented candles as the chill out music was playing. The Hotel Manager arrives, very pleasant and at last A SMILE!! I explained the situation fully and straight away the breakfast was taken of our bill along with a discount to our room rate for both the nights due to the inconvenience. Result. Would I go back to the hotel? Yes I would, I can see that the bar has improved since last time so I am hoping that everything will follow suit now the new manager is from the Blakes Hotel Amsterdam. Just remember to book a good sized room, request a shower or bath whichever you prefer, dont take breakfast there and any problems make your feelings known because they definately listen to them.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tulipbound
<Content>Gorgeous hotel worth the $$ if you have an open mind       Very comfortable bed for two  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Hotel Location: Excellent... its near the posh shops and all the big Museums. Its also close to the airport and there are a couple of trams line right outside the hotel. Hotel Design/ Rooms: we really loved it... very modern, quite dark even on gothic. Beatiful old building, huge windows, high ceilings, fantastically restored. The Room itself was listed as 33-39 square metres.. which we thought would be quite big, but because its an old building it didn't feel overly big as the design was a little awkward. Probably best to get as big a room as you can afford. Service: Yes we had a few problems and occasionally the staff can be a little awkward. But overall we found them very helpful and everyone spoke great English. You just need to go prepared to have to ask for a few things twice. Its really no big deal. If it is for you ... go stay somewhere else. For everyone else i'd highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where do I start We have just returned from staying for one night at the College Hotel. We had read the reviews before we went, so new what to expect.! How true they are too! You arrive to find plenty of staff, but nobody knowing what they should be doing, no smiles have you had a good journey etc when you check in, then you are taken to your room, where you have to spend an hour trying to work out how the lights work. We had no remote control for the TV, and when we rang to reception they insisted that there was one in the room, after explaining yet again there was not one, the receptionist (who needed to go to charm school) said someone would come up with one, which took another phone call and finally arrived 15 mins later.Breakfast I would agree was a complete joke, it took 30 ins for our 'cooked' breakfast to arrive, ( the restaurant was very quiet too!) when it arrived it was cold and quite revolting, to be honest a motorway service station could do better, our tea and coffe were cold too, we had to ask 3 times for milk but they insisted on giving us cream. As with the rest of the whole hotel there were plenty of staff, all just standing around and not being helpful at all. Surley if it is a training hotel, somebody should be training them!! The positive parts are, it is a good location, and the rooms are not so bad, the sheets were crisp and bed comfortable. The coctail bar too was lively at night and the service there was very good.Lets hope they take notes of the reviews!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Pablo_Diddy
<Content>An Excellent, Lovely Hotel Man, some people need to stop hating on the College Hotel. I stayed there for a total of about 20 nights over the past year (work took me to Amsterdam frequently) and have grown to really really love the place. You can read the other reviews for all the positives: beautiful (albeit cozy) rooms and lovely public areas, excellent food at the restaurant, etc. I, however, would like to address three common concerns people have expressed in other reviews.First, the hotel's location. It's totally true that the hotel is not smack dab in Dam Square or the Leidseplein amongst all the tourist hubbub. In all honesty, unless you're 19 and in Amsterdam for the first time, the scene gets pretty old pretty quick. It's fun to visit the tourist areas and fun to hang out there, but it's also nice to get away from it after you're done enjoying yourself there -- maybe I'm just getting old. To be fair, the hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the Concertgebouw, 10 minute walk from the Van Gogh museum, 15 minute walk from the Rijksmuseum and a 20 minute walk from the Leidseplein. Wanna go closer to the center? Take the #5 tram which runs outside the hotel about every 10 minutes. Or take a cab -- you can go all the way to Centraal Station for about 15 euro. Or better yet, rent bikes. Amsterdam is a small city anyway (it's really just a big village) so getting anywhere is pretty fast and cheap.Second, the hotel's service. Okay. The hotel's service is definitely quirky. No question about it. The interns get a bit confused and flustered sometimes, and they will make a little mistake here and there, but overall it's just totally not a big deal. Another reviewer commented that it's even a bit endearing, which I agree with. Some things to consider, they're young, they're learning, and they're Dutch -- I'm not treading any new ground by noting that Nederlanders (Amsterdammers, in particular) are not exactly known for wildly competent or cheery customer service, that's just the way it is. It's not a bad or onerous thing, you just get used to it. I really can't complain about the service at the hotel. I think they double-charged me for a mini-bar Coke once. OH MY GOD!!!Third, to the people who are disappointed by the hotel's value for money...are you kidding? Seriously? You can generally get rates under 200 euro per night on their website (always go to their own website for the best deals). The rate sometimes even includes breakfast. For that price, this hotel is a real gem in Amsterdam. The only other hotel that's this unique and luxurious in the whole city (in my opinion) is the Dylan where rooms start around 450 euro per night. Wonderful place -- for more than double the price. The hotel offers some some very special touches, too...a selection of marzipan candies in your room on arrival...complementary bottled water in the room...luxury toiletries...a personalised note from the manager on arrival...the ubiquitous chocolate on the pillow during turndown...the list goes on. So to sum up...if you're a chill person looking for a fantastic, unique, luxurious boutique hotel in Amsterdam that represents excellent value for money and you can handle minor, inconsequential potential hiccups, the College Hotel is the hotel for you. Chill people will be blown away by this place, as I was and still am.(And no, they didn't pay me to write this review! I did however receive a nice book as a New Year's gift at the beginning of my last stay -- bad service?)  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Guinea Pigs THe College Hotel is recomended by Wallpaper magazine, presumbably because it has beautifully renovated rooms. Unfortunatly their web site does not make it clear that this is very much a student run hotel. The majority of the students had just started the day before we arrived, which mean't that service was pretty much non existent. The service we recieved was inconsistent and mostly way below average. Shame as it could be a brilliant stay if the students were more supervised. There is an obvious lack of teachers to the over supply of students doing nothing. This is a cluster fumble and I definatly would not stay here again. We are paying full price to be practised on by students who just cant get it right. Oh sorry! There was one student who did call us taxi unfortunatly she sent us to the wrong place. Oh Well! In a nutshell, Imagine being waited on by a 16year old child with no idea.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DNDND
<Content>Surface Surface Surface To be completely honest, I really understand why some people are amazed by this hotel at first glance. After all, the place is completely beautiful! The interiors are contemporary but relaxed - sort of boho-chic. The bar is cool, and both the restaurant and rooms are truly stunning when it comes to style.However, style only gets you so far. Good looks does not really help when you are pissed off by the level of service. Ok, I know that this is a school hotel, but I honestly didn't think that the students started their education just yesterday. Most of them where - honest to god - completely USELESS! Drinks were crap. Concierge knew NOTHING about what was happening in the city. Restaurant was mediocre. Room was not cleaned. Bill was printed out wrong three times. Breakfast is a JOKE. I can go on like this forever with minor details, that when all added up, creates a picture which is less than flattering.Now, I haven't stayed in 2-3 star hotels since forever, but as I remember it - they usually presented a FAR better level of service than this useless place...  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CPH-traveller
<Content>Chic hotel - slow service   showReview(4147338, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, classy, trendy, chic but with attitude ...   showReview(3947661, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ultimate style hotel   showReview(3905392, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hansthomasoddsen
<Content>Loved it !!   showReview(3895767, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>katrineCPH
<Content>really nice hotel   showReview(3647927, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disapponting   showReview(3643736, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>boutiquestarved
<Content>Absolutely amazing - surpasses all expectations   showReview(3604082, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mi79
<Content>Hip hotel       The College Hotel  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>londontraveller0
<Content>Excellent Stylish All Rounder   showReview(3474402, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hedonisticepicure
<Content>Extremely stylish   showReview(3288965, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Shimi_on_movida
<Content>Chaos pur!   showReview(21126192, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	1	-1	1	

<Author>stef94
<Content>un must dans l'hotellerie d'Amsterdam   showReview(10986110, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saxlab
<Content>Decisamente un ottimo Hotel       Il cortile interno  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

