<Author>Jeralex
<Content>Terrible service. We've seen a lot of hotels in Beijing and we did not have the experience we've expected from a novotel (world-wide chain). The staff was terribly rude, no smile was spared. When we booked we stated that we wanted a non-smoking room. They accepted the reservation but on arrival there where not any non smoking rooms available. When we complained house keeping came in our room and sprayed something in our room to remove the smell but that did not prevent smoke coming in from the other rooms. The staff at the reception refused to help us when we needed to look up some phone-numbers. Also we were booking some airlinetickets by a website, we had problems fixing the payment and we needed to call the company to sort it out. At that time we where at the reception and asked if we could make the call there. The receptionist accepted but insisted that she would dial the number, after she dialed, she hung up and told us that the company was closed.... BUT if we wanted airline tickets we could arrange it tommorowmorning at the touroffice in the hotel. We didn't trust her answer so we called ourselves in the room. It was no surprise when we got through to the company and where able to sort things out. Because we made a domestic flight the next morning, we asked at the reception wheter our one-entry visa would cause problem's at the airport. The girl at reception first laughed at us, and then slightly irritated asked us why we would think such a thing. Spa and sauna have to be payed for although not stated on the bookingwebsite. Overall, a non pleasant experience. Do yourself a favor, spent 20 dollar's more on an other better hotel with better service.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mirroden
<Content>Average 4 star Hotel Stayed at Novotel Xin Qiao in November. Close to subway which was just outside hotel. Rooms smallish and dark but nice bathroom. Central heating only and not able to cool rooms so had to leave door open room till we went to bed at night as rooms very hot. There was a cool switch on the wall control but house keeping said this did not work. Our room in B tower faced into lobby and coffee shop so was a bit noisy. There was a nice LCD TV. Breakfast ok but not able to get ggod coffee. No smoking in hotel apart from toilets.Two bottlles of mineral water given daily. Can walk to Tianamen Square (about 15-20 minutes depending on how brave you are crossing the street)Free WiFi internet in lobby (Apple Macs) and coffee shop. Otherwise about 1 yuan/hour or 80 yuan/day in room.Taxi about 10 yuan flagfall - concierge stands outside hotel and flags down one for you.Starbucks, KFC and Pizza Hut about 5 mins walk away. Also very busy, crowded supermarket.Average hotel but would stay again because of 1) good location 2) free internet and 3) breakfast (which was much better than most of the other hotels we stayed in China)  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ivan_trip
<Content>Great hotel in Beijing Stayed at the hotel for four nights. Booked a Superior room, one up from their Standard room. The room we got was in A tower and it was nice, clean, non-smoking and BIG. I was pleasently suprised, because some of the reviews on this site made me think that the hotel was going to be bad, but it turned out to be excellent.We did not eat at the hotel as there were a lot of pastry shops around the hotel. There was a McDonald's nearby - 5-10 minute walk. Several shopping centres were really close to this hotel.The entrance to subway was right in front of the hotel, so we took the subway everywhere. It cost only 2 yuan per person to go anywhere in the city.We were able to go the the Olympic Stadium, Forbidden City, Wungfujing St, and many other places in the city by just using the subway. Highly recommended.You can exchange money at the hotel, as money change places are not that frequent around town, and the rate they give you at the hotel is pretty good. Cab ride from the airport to hotel cost us 88 yuan, while the ride back to the airport was 100 yuan. The ride takes a little bit more than 30 minutes, but that will depend on the time of day and traffic conditions.The hotel exceeded my expectations and was much better than described in reviews below. The concierge at the hotel speak English and will recommend where to go for supper or shopping. Other staff is not well trained in English, so be patient.Go to the Silk Market for some cheap goods (purses, shirts, watches) but keep in mind that this stuff is fake! Never buy at the first stall you check out an item as you will find tens of stalls selling the same stuff. They always initially offer you poor quality items (ie. purse) so make sure to ask for a good quality knock-off. The good quality one's look like the real thing. The Pearl Market is another place that sells knock-off stuff. Worth checking out if you are in a shopping mood.Try and get a chinese massage while you are here. Look for a cheaper (but clean) place. You'll find them, but not close to the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ghalston
<Content>Decent 3 star hotel Decent hotel we stayed on the executive floor , breakfast buffett was ok, nothing fantastic, great coffee. Happy hour on the executive floor has open bar but horrible snacks, staff on the executive floor are helpful but very limited english. Lobby is very smoky, chinese smoke everywhere.. i would stay here again.. this is my 5th visit i guess its not that bad.. hahahahaha  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Strump
<Content>Novotel Xin Qiao Beijing Good location, average Hotel, while we did not have any problems because we hired a local guide, the lack of staff who understood even basic english caused real problems for many at reception. In A tower, the room was ok. beakfast was ok but they keep running out of items. If in Beijing again will look for another place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>tourist32
<Content>Great Value and location       The room in Building B  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Gyllenbock
<Content>Warm room       My room  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jayagopal50
<Content>too busy,and not enough service We stayed @ this hotel 3 nights.Location is central.Caters to tour groups.check in was dismal .Could not understand with so much cheap labour they could not have a seperate check-in and check out lines as the wait was 45 minutes.Staff were too busy to be helpful as there were lot of residents.once again not well trained staff most of them standing around.rooms were clean and bed comfortable.After hongkong Novotel Citygate was severely disappointed by service.good buffet breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mpc1014
<Content>Absolutely Loved It This hotel was amazing. The room looked like they had just recently renovated it. It was spacious enough to have a couch and table on one side of the room and two beds on the other side. Flat screen TV and a beautiful bathroom with hot shower and very good water pressure. The staff was wonderful. I was having trouble booking a flight on-line to travel within China and the front desk called the airline and had someone come and meet me at my room with the airline ticket. The hotel staff also set up a car to take me to the Great Wall, Ming Tomb, and Summer Palace for 700 Yuan - the car picked me up at 7:30 and we got back around 5:30. Free internet in the lobby. I can't say anything bad about this hotel - I didn't want to leave!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AmsterdamFrancis
<Content>Good location, but not such a great hotel We stayed at the Novotel during the Olympics, as part of a package. We had a choice between a Chinese hotel and the Novotel, and chose the latter, mainly because of it's convenient location right next door to a subway station and a few km. from Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. Because of the Olympics, the hotel was fully booked and staff had to deal with many matters, all new to them.We had asked for a superior room, non-smoking and according to front desk, that is what we got.Our room was on the second floor of the Atower, overlooking the main entrance and road, which was nice. We were not too pleased with the room, it looked very tired and had seen better days. No door covering the closet (so it made it look rather airport-hotellish), and the furniture needed updating, stains on the carpet. The bathroom was very small, with a shower in the bath-tub with a showercurtain which needed replacing (full with mould). The room had a stale smell and was definitely a smoker's room. But as we had a full schedule with the Games and sightseeing, and would be in the room only for sleeping, we decided to stay . As many reviews have stated, the beds are very hard indeed, as that is the way the Chinese people like their matrasses, but we found them to be really comfortable: You get used to it and it's very good for your back. The a/c was working very well.We later learned that the rooms in the Btower had been renovated: Walk-in powershower, flat-screen TV on the wall, ironing board and dressingmirror covering the closet. So: Ask for a renovated room in the B' tower: so much more value for money. The first night, house keeping came only to close the curtains (!!), the wastebaskets were not emptied and no clean towels, although we had placed them in the bathtub. We learned, that the rooms in the Btower had towelchange twice a day and that the wastebaskets were emptied. After our complaint with the frontdesk, we learned that the same should be done in our wing and indeed: towelchange in the evening happened once, later no more. So, every night, after we came in, sometimes well after midnight, we had to call housekeeping for clean towels.The shampoo and bodylotion was not replenished, although that should be the case, so we had house-keeping bring it over every night.We aked for a wake-up call a few times: We got it only once, but it was again 'forgottenon the day of our dearture, so we almost missed our flight.A breakfast-buffet in the coffeshop: Only guests of the Atower were allowed in, the guests of the Btower had to have breakfast in the stuffy Chinese restaurant on the fourth floor.Breakfast was ok: Plenty of fruit and a choice of eggs. But as most guests had their breakfasts early in the morning, it happened more than once that at 07.30 there was no more cheese, no more croissants or sweet rolls. It took a few days before this problem was solved.The French restaurant La Cuisinewas taken over by the French officials, and we were not allowed in. Lunch in the coffeeshop took forever: One day we ordered a hamburger (we were the only guests) and it took almost 40 minutes before it came on the table.The Chinese staff hardly spoke any English, but espacially the front desk was staffed with a few European ladies. When we complained about the non-existent towelchange and the always forgotten wake-up calls (in a friendly way), one of the staff started crying....Later on, one of the Chinese staff told us, that they had learned so much in the course of the Olympics..A really positive sign.Two computers for the guests to use in the lobby: Normally enough, but during the Olympics, you really had to wait your turn (sometimes for more than 20 minutes)Overall: Apart from the location, we didn't like very much about this hotel. True, it's not expensive, but be sure to ask for a renovated room: The price is the same and you get more value for money.A better option is the Novotel Peace, about 5 minutes away: A little bit more expensive, but a better deal  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>bethodonnell78
<Content>Good value if you spend little time in the hotel We spent three nights at the hotel. It was a good value for the money. The room was large and clean. The breakfast buffet was really good. There are computers in the lobby that are available for guests to use. The business center was great and the staff helpful. All of the hotel staff were very polite and helpful.The location was good. The only negative was the bed. We spent the first three nights of our honeymoon at this hotel. When we sat down on the bed it actually felt like were were sitting on a boxspring and not a mattress. My husband actually pulled the sheets off the bed in order to check and see if there was a matress there!! After flying to China from the US for 22 hours the stiff bed was nice on our sore backs, but by the last night we were there we could hardly wait to leave! We spent all day and night out of the room touring and exploring Beijing and the hotel location was great. If we weren't exhausted from touring all day long, I can't imagine we would have been able to sleep on this bed. We chose the hotel for the location and not luxury and that is exactly what we got. It is like staying at a really nice Marriott Courtyard.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Pernickety
<Content>Good location....but lacked atmosphere Stayed here for five days on tour (prior to the Olympics -everything was a buzz with the preparations so probably saw a different Beijing). Hotel is ideally situtated for visiting Tianamen Square and Forbidden City as both within 15-20mins walk. We ventured further on foot and within one hour reached Jingshan  Beihai Parks.Free internet access is available in the lobby with two PCs -just wait your turn. Several restaurants to suit most palates. Cuisine Gallery (French) was great however lacked a bit of atmosphere as empty other than one other table. Food excellent though and could not be faulted- fish dishes superb. Coffee Bar was good for quick snacks or buffet and excellent breakfast. The Bar was relaxing but somehow missed out on atmosphere. Complimentary water on first night only however small shop next to hotel selling bottled mineral water very cheaply. Rooms were of a good standard although perhaps a little small. Would definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>sramu
<Content>Convenient location, good price, clean and comfortable       Hotel room  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>StephenChan
<Content>Not for Business Travellers - Have Fun with iTouriiest hold Party in Corridors The 1st disappoint Novotel I stay ever.Noisy corridor, non-sound proof window, dimmy room, low ceiling.. well you will recieve calls in 2:30am from Front Desk helping you to fix your room TV ... at that time you already in the bed ... the Front Desk mis-called your room.Chaning your room ... no way. The Front Desk staff will tell you no other rooms avaliable in a second ... very fast service because they do want to check for you.Enjoy ... if you want to join the Tourist Party in corridors with House Keepers and Bell Boys... well ... have fun with them in Mid NightSorry ... this is not the type of Novotel I expecting.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	5	3	1	1	

<Author>ringmac
<Content>Great Location and above average budget accomm Great location with access to Tiananmen Sq, Temple of Heaven, near to Tourist centre for bus to the Wall, nice bakeries nearby and restaurants. Good sized, clean room, gym and inhouse restaurant. Underground station right outside which takes you to most of the tourist attractions.Airport bus will drop you off around the corner with a 10mins walk to the hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>AllisonTuck
<Content>Stylish hotel, great value for money       In the fantastic gallery bar area  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Evelyn94
<Content>Service was terrible. This Hotel has good facilities, althought he staff were as rude as you would get. English was a non event and the staff at reception had no idea of service, places of interest, tours and just did not want to help.I would never reccomend this Hotel to anyone. They state they are close to most attractions but really you need to take a taxi. There are pleanty of Hotels near by and I would suggest one of these.If you want freindly staff and service you would exspect from a 4 star hotel. DO NOT STAY HERE.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>wendy2137
<Content>Better than expected We stayed here for 3 nights over Chinese New Year. Front desk staff speak fair English (compared to other friends' experiences in China). Rooms are a comfortable size, clean bathroom, air con seems to work well. Concierge advised shopping malls open on Chinese New Year's Eve (but were actually closed), also advised massage facilities were open and no booking was required (when the massage place was closed for over a week for the holidays), post office was closed over Chinese holidays which made it difficult to send parcels home. Japanese restaurant service was a bit stroppy on New Years Eve (staff didn't want to serve us at 7.45pm and requested that we finish by 8.30pm). Buffet breakfast was a highlight (good range of western + Chinese). Overall, the building and rooms were a pleaure but service is still a but on the average side.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>adit3005
<Content>Quite a decent choice Travelling alone and stayed 3 nights. Booked on their website on their cheapest no-frills rate and paid 70 sterling pounds for the 3 nights, king sized bed before taxes, (which was a further 10 pounds). Breakfast is extra at around 7 pounds, but there's a bakery right next door that sells buns at an average of 30p, so no contest!Location: excellent for me, as I caught the bus from the airport (charges 1.20 pounds or RMB16), which stopped about 5 mins walk from the hotel. the bus drives pass the hotel. Within a 10 min walking radius, you have the chongwenmen metro station, which takes you straight to the start of the tian an men square. There's also a shopping mall nearby called new world with starbucks, a noodle restaurant, etc. you can also walk to the beijing train station in aout 20 minutes, or take the metro which is one stop away from the train station.(Metro ticket is RMB2, roughly 20p? for a single journey, they don't have a daytravel/weektravel system)You could also walk for about 20 minutes to the wangfujin pedestrian and shopping area. the walk isn't very exciting with some tired shops and residential compounds.Room: on the 4th floor. Comfortably large for the furniture in it. Clean sheets and clean bathroom. small gripe on them giving me a smoking room, but the stink dissipated with an open window. there's a TV, minibar (though I couldn't get the TV to work). Hotel supplies the usual towels, slippers, shower stuff. And also toothbrushes, detergent...Internet is available and charges are RMB1 per minute. But I suggest you pop down to the lobby with your own laptop where there's free wi-fi.Value for money: great, since I went with their economy rate.Reception/Concierge: Reception refused to allow a late check-out. The hairdryer was missing when I checked-in and never replaced. so I had to convince them not to charge me for taking it. Bags can be held and you are given a tag for identifying it. Concierge is not knowledgable about the sights etc, but are helpful enough if you go with a specific question, eg. where is XXX road on this map.Restaurant: I had a glass of wine and a bowl of noodles there when I got back late one night. The wine was exorbitant at 5 pounds for what you get, but this seems typical of China. The noodles weren't tasty, but it was hot which was what I needed. Price was around 3.50 pounds. ( compared to half the price in an outside joint). So overall, I would guess that this could be considered reasonable for hotel prices?  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>annsdad
<Content>very nice hotel       waiting in the lobby  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>canbagna
<Content>Decent with good quality/price ratio, but noisy The hotel is in a good location, the rooms, at least the low priced one i got, are really small although you can survive for a week if you just sleep in there.The window in my room was loose and the first two nights it was not properly warm. I tried to put the room temperature regulation on, but the fan was really noisy, so i opted for an extra blanket. My room was facing the rear street and it was rather noisy early in the mornings.On the average, i would suggest this place, at least for the cheap rooms, to the budget conscious traveler.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	5	2	3	

<Author>shreevie
<Content>good value hotel When I booked this hotel i read reviews saying that it wasn`t very good, so I was a little apprenhensive. This was an excellent value for money hotel. I can`t belive how little it was for 6 nights. The location was fantastic, with Tiannemen Square and The Forbidden City nearly on your door step. The Temple of Heaven is a short taxi journey away that only cost 拢1! Breakfast is charged at an additional cost, but there is a good bakery on the corner of the hotel. In Beijing getting food is not a problem, unless you are a vegetarian like myself where it is a nightmare! The hotel had good facilites and even has a travel desk where you can book tours to Xian and the Great Wall of China. Sometimes you want to stay in hotels that are a bit more cultural and local, but with the price and location of this one it is a hidden bargain!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>axltope
<Content>Nice place Dates of stay: May 2005Room Type: Double roomNon smoking room : yesRoom number: A1133Room price: 75 euros/nightBreakfast: noLocation: great, oposite to subwayTransport: taxi from airport 45min 10eurosRoom size: big enoughBathroom: bathtub clean soft towels with hairdryerBed: hard but comfortable king-size Other Amenities: tennis court WIFI: free in the lobbyWe recommend it  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>kat1978
<Content>Decent base for exploring Beijing Stayed for a week at this hotel and there were no problems at all. Had a regular room in building B - decent size, beds were comfy, nice soft towels and the shower worked very well: that's all I expected for the price and was happy with it. The only disappointment was that we were in an inside room with the windows looking out on the restaurant so no natural light in the room, but got used to that.Didn't really use any of the hotel's services as only wanted somewhere comfy to sleep at night. Used the tour desk to book a trip to Xi'an for the day and that was fine though.Checked in and out at 3am due to flights so took less than 5 mins each time, but did notice queues during the day.The main plus point of the hotel is that it is located in front of the Chongwenmen subway station which meant you could get to Tiananmen Square for just 2 yuan!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>yuqiu
<Content>Save your money and stay at the Chong Wen Men across the street The hotel is in a pretty good location. I've stayed there before, but I won't stay there again.Apparently when I booked on line this last time, they tried to charge my credit card to make sure it was valid, and the amount they tried to charge was an exorbatent amount. My credit card company automatically saw that something wasn't right. (I live in China and charge things often but not as much as the hotel was trying to charge). This was all without me knowing about it. The day before I go to Beijing, I received an email from the reservations department telling me that I had better give them my credit card number or they would change my room rate or give my room away to someone else. And they were serious. Two thoughts: (1) there's no way I'm giving my credit card number to someone named lily at the reservations department over email in China. (2) What the lady didn't understand is that their hotel continued to try to charge my credit card over and over and over so much so that the credit card company wouldn't let them do anything. I think their actions could be intentional in order to resubmit your credit card number and allow the possibility for others seeing it. There are all sorts of scams in China, and this is one kind. Morons. Then they threaten me by telling me they won't hold my room. Please. It's not like there aren't other hotels in Beijing.I speak pretty decent Chinese. Their English is awful.My recommendation is that your stay at the Chong Wen Men directly across the street for about half the price. Yes, it's a Chinese hotel, but it's just as nice as the Novotel Xin Qiao and at least the staff are nice.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>cmchaley
<Content>It was fine, no problems My husband and I stayed at the Novotel Xin Qiao October 12-16. A friend traveling with us stayed in a separate room. At check-in we were offered the opportunity to upgrade to a suite in the A building for 80 RMB more per night. We declined and they told us they didn't have our economy rooms available so they had to upgrade us to a suite in the B wing. Good news!The suite was not fancy, but more than adequate. The living room had a sofa and chairs (with some staining), a desk, tv. The bedroom was large and clean. The bed was hard, but that seemed to be the norm in China. The bathroom was on the small side, but again, that seems to be common in China and it was clean. We had an issue with our toilet one night and spoke with someone in English and it was resolved quickly. We didn't wait more than 10 minutes to check in or out, but there weren't long lines. I can see how it could take a really long time if there was a line. The hotel was about a 20 minute walk to Tian'an Men Square. It's about a 25-30 minute walk from the Pearl Market. It's easy to have the concierge write down your destination for a taxi if you don't want to walk.If we go back to Beijing, I would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MargaretShanghai
<Content>Pass on this hotel We were quite disappointed with our stay at the Novotel Xinqiao Beijing over the weekend of Oct 26-28, 2007. If you are looking for ahotel with American standards skip this one. The rooms were very small and rather dirty. The bathroom was tiny - the smallest I have seen at a hotel and I have seen a lot. The hall ways were loud and you could hear a lot of noise through the windows that faced the open atrium. The room lighting was quite dim (probablyto hide the dirt) as was the bathroom lighting. We had a long wait atcheck-in as well as at check out - close to an hour each time. The temperature controls didn't work in either of our rooms. One of the features from the website that attracted us to the hotel was that it was within walking distance to a number of key attractions. That was far from the truth - you need to take a taxi to the Forbidden City and Temple of Heaven. Not a problem since it was only 11 rmb each way, but not within walking distance. The one positive was that the hotel breakfast buffet was quite good.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>IsabellaNewYorkCity
<Content>Not great Good location, only 2 minutes walk from subway station. for this hotel which is part of French chain. Also near some major shopping centres. My room (economy) had seen better days, slightly depressing decor. During my stay, the service offered by the front desk was a tedious combination of French lack of organization and Chinese bureaucracy. Checking out took 35 minutes. There were several long, extremely slow queues. Many angry customers complaining. I have been travelling weekly for business in Asia for five years, and never experienced such a service fiasco in any other hotel. As a result I was late to the airport and missed my flight. Most staff unsmiling and cold. Hotel has a good souvenir and snack shop. No swimming pool.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mbd722
<Content>satisfactory stay This hotel was selected by the hospital where my husband was giving a lecture. Overall, good location and pleasant staff. The room and bathroom were clean (we were in the A building). The bed was very hard - like sleeping on the sidewalk. The 4th floor breakfast buffet had many choices. We didn't have any problems while we were there.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Natdine
<Content>Worst Hotel I came back from Beijing yesterday and spent 10 days at this hotel and it was the worst experience. I was with 4 other friends. The problems started when we arrived. They stated that they did not have our my reservation but had my other friend's reservation. After showing them the confirmation I had printed after booking, they were able to find it. We were first given rooms in the B building. The rooms there were dark, the tiles in the bathroom were cracked, we found hair in the bathtub, the carpet was dirty, the bed was hard and uncomfortable; there was no closet to put our clothes so we had to leave them in our suitcase. The toilet was dirty. The couple in the room next to ours were beaten by bed bugs and checked out of the hotel. Staff didn't seem to care much about that. We were going to change hotels when we learned that for $11.00 more, there was an A building with better rooms. This was never offered to us and we were not even aware of it. It seems like Chinese were given rooms in the A building while foreigners had to settle for the dirty B building. We complained and requested to be switched to the A building. We changed rooms and it was much better. The rooms were quite spacious with lots of sunlight, clean and more comfortable. There was a closet for our clothes. What bothered me about this hotel however were a few things:- the staff did not speak much English and was not helpful at all. Whenever we would ask them basic questions, they did not even understand us.- Do NOT GO TO THE SPA: We decided to get massages. We paid for 45 minute massages. After 30 minutes, the therapist told us it was over. Not only that, I was placed in a room with a friend. The two therapists arrived and asked us take our clothes off while they stood watching us. We gestured that they should leave since they did not speak English. They massaged us over our robes with no lotion or oil. They had the lights on and were talking to one another during the massages until I asked them to dim the lights. One of the therapist's phone rang and she stopped massaging my friend and went outside, leaving the door open and we could hear her talk and the noise from the hallway. Not relaxing at all after a long day of walking at the Great Wall! My sister and another friend were getting massages in a different room by 2 men. One of the men therapists told my friend 5 times while massaging her how beautiful she was. This made her very uncomfortable. At the end of the massages, they tried to overcharge them by stating that they requested 1 hour massages instead of 45minutes. They never did such a thing! - Except for the bell men, the rest of the staff was not very friendly and helpful. Even at the breakfast buffet, the waiters and waitresses were not nice and pleasant- One night we decided to go to the Gallery Bar, which is the bar at the hotel. I ordered a 'pina collada' and it was disgusting! I then returned it and ordered a 'white russian' and it was even worst. If you go to the bar, order basic drinks like wine and soda.Overall I hated staying at the Novotel Xian Qiao Beijing. If I go back to Beijing, I will NEVER EVER stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>ricardobtg
<Content>Not up to Novotel Standards Needs new Manager... We stayed at the Novotel Xin Qiao for 4 nights in September, The room was adequate, however, there were a few troublesome details that marred our experience.The premium facilities in biz floors, while nice and clean, were staffed in a mediocre manner by apparently overworked staff. This was best exemplified on a certain evening when we arrived at the business floor lounge for drinks and nobody approached us to offer any service, while the hotel manager was sitting on the adjacent table being waited on by the staff. All the while we were ignored and instructed to help ourselves to the canap茅s and drinks available. The attitude of the manager towards this behavior was exemplary of the service at the hotel.The buffet breakfast in the ground floor was adequate enough, although one could notice how hurried and overworked the staff were, one did not quite feel like a welcome guest, rather more like a nuisance.The staff was also rather unhelpful when trying to book a tour to the great wall, the quotes for the taxi were over priced the concierge also insisted on us booking an over priced cab, to the extent that he went up to our room to ask if we were booking the cab 30 minutes after we had left the concierge desk(hmmmm I wonder if he was getting a chunk of that rate); the organized tour was more of a shopping experience than a cultural one, they were also very unhelpful in pointing out alternative options.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Botman
<Content>B better than A       Stinking room 903 in building A  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>mangosago
<Content>Better think twice before staying here Location is pretty bad with it being along a busy road. It would take you a while to be accommodated at the reception as I think they are undermanned. Small bathrooms. Only consolation is that the housekeeping staff members are courteous.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	1	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>asiatrip2007
<Content>A pretty good hotel We booked a tour through Indochina tours and this is where they booked us.This hotel is a 15 minute walk to Tianamen Square. It is also close to a mall and a few bakeries. We love Chinese bakeries! There is a real nice one across the street.This hotel is quite clean. There was staff constantly cleaning all around the hotel. However, they could use a few more staff for the front desk. It took us over an hour to check in. It was ridiculous. If you wanted something (like an iron or a wake up call) it was a three day request. You had to call everyday and they would promise, but nothing would happen.The room is quite large. There is CNN on the TV.The breakfast buffet at this hotel was okay, nothing great. However, there was lots of choice.I would recommend this hotel. However, barely any one that works here speaks english.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>idependent_traveller
<Content>Great value The hotel is well located, 10 minutes walking to Tianamen.The staff is not so great, they focuses exclusively on the services they have, so if you need someone to check if there are tickets in a theatre they don't work with, you will not find help. Neither give you informations on how to discover Beijing on your own.The food in the coffee shop is terrible, and most services close at 22h.Nevertheless, you will find confort in the rooms. they are clean and beautiful. It's a good place to relax after you go crasy (positively of course) with the city!!Be carefull with the tours. they all include taking you to shops they like... I hate that!Anyway. It's a very good choice. Good price compared to other hotels with the same level in Beijing.I would tay here again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>mikeyj_nm
<Content>Great location for the price The hotel was in a great location, walking distance to shopping, the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven for the hardy souls. My only complaint was my bathroom was a little tired but I spent more time seeing Beijing than hanging out in the bathroom. Give yourself plenty of time to get to an international flight. I thought if I left three hours before my flight it would be fine. In a great taxi with a driver who only spoke Chinese, we managed to hit every traffic jam possible (and we communicated in sign language that he was headed to the 5th ring to avoid all of it), then I met the unexpected customs line and snuck in the wrong entrance with a Lebanese soccer team, found an understaffed airline counter at United, and then the health inspection (that didn't really exist), immigration, and security. Talk about high blood pressure (and then the flight ended up being delayed because of some dead batteries ... apparently they had failed quite dramatically on the flight to China. I'm glad I wasn't on that flight).But the hotel was fine, the hearty yet somewhat expensive breakfast seemed worth it to tie me over for most of the day, and the staff was very responsive.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JanBury_England
<Content>Doom and gloom! We were booked at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of an 11 day holiday in China. The hotel rooms are in two different parts, A and B, with the rooms in part A being much newer and brighter.Our first room was in part B and was an 'internal' room with no natural light. The corridors to this room were dark and gloomy. We changed to a room with a window but this room's bathroom was not nice - dirty grouting and a cracked toilet seat. One hour after arriving we checked into a room on the executive floor that cost us 拢85 extra. This was on the 12th floor and had its own breakfast area and unlimited broadband connection. We could have upgraded to a superior room at half this price in the same area but breakfast was was all the other guests and a fellow traveller said it was awful - no choice and cold food.The only good thing about this hotel is that it is in walking distance to some of the main attractions such as the Forbidden City but it is on a very busy main road and you can hear the policeman blowing his whistle from 5a.m as he tries to direct the very busy traffic.I wouldn't want to stay there again as the overall standard was nowhere near as good as our other 4 star hotels in Shanghai and Xian.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	1	1	5	

<Author>RhianneP
<Content>Would recommend We just stayed at this hotel for 5 nights after booking it online. After reading some bad reviews I was a bit unsure of what to expect. I had booked a King Economy room. We ended up with a room at the back of the hotel that was fine. You could hear the odd car outside and it did smell like a dirty ashtray, but the room was clean, air conditioned and perfect for what we wanted. I would recommend that people ask for rooms at the back and some of the ones around the cafe would be rather noisy. Checking in and out can be a major hassle (it took the people in front of us 20 minutes) as everything is hand written and doubled up. This hotel is in a great location, only a 15 minute walk to two major shopping areas, is right next door to a really good bakery and has a railway station out the front. Staff were mostly very friendly and helpful. We tried to book a cab through one of the concierge to go to the great wall and ming tombs and he said normal cabs could not be trusted and his friend could do it for 800RMB, we went back the next day and another concierge booked us a black taxi for 600RMB which we were happy with. so just be careful. The same concierge also booked us to see the acrobatic show (which was excellent) and he said to see the stage we would need to sit in the more expensive middle section, however when we got there, the view from every section was fine. We ate at the hotel for breakfast one morning that cost us 166RMB, the next day we went to the bakery and got 5 different things for 18RMB.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>cc1639
<Content>Disappointed in Beijing... Just checked into the Novotel Xin Qiao, Beijing...I booked online a few weeks ago through the expedia /asia website.I have been traveling for about a week now and trying to keep costs down so I have been booking cheap, unheard of hotels with good results. So now that I have come to the end of my holiday, I wanted to book a nicer hotel to spoil myself. I booked a room which was 568Yuan. I ended up with a room that smelled like a filthy,dirty ashtray with windows that were half boarded up...and theres a note on the desk apologizing for the construction that will start at 0830 M-F and 10-6 on weekends.Also, this hotel charges a 10% service fee for EVERY service (even the restaurants). So if you book here, please factor that into your calculations.  After all my research of hotels, I know I could've booked a better one than this. The only thing I do like about it, is that it is right next to a metro station. But I am sure many hotels have that feature as well.I hope this helps...Good luck  safe travels!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>Kenwoodtennis
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Booked by our tour company. Our first stay in China - we were delighted to stay in a Western-style hotel, one of the few king beds we had in China, comfortable mattresses, excellent in-room amenities, decent buffet breakfast (both Western and Asian). Impossible to dry clothes using the over-the-tub clothesline as it is too damp in the bathroom - hang wet clothes on hangers in the closet or around the room. Metro station is right outside the hotel, as are plenty of cheap taxis, and walk to shopping, grocery stores, bank (next door), and food (all types). Kids room across the hall looked directly at the tennis court, which afforded NO privacy if someone was on the court. Good soundproofing. Long waits for elevator in the morning. Only negative was that our arrival flight was postponed 1 day (by airline), first night's stay was to be payed by us. Non-refundable, but they let us use the $ value of the night's stay in other hotel expenses (which was a little difficult, since our breakfast was already included, and we wanted to eat meals out in the city).  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>UlrikaRu
<Content>The worst service ever Novotel Xin qiao took 2000 dollars from my credit card by mistake.I left my card for the fee that I had to pay when I checked in, but they must have saved my card number, cause the next day, another 1500 was withdrawn without me knowing. When I found out about it (by checking my bank account via Internet), I confronted the staff who called me white trash, (--) and other stupid things. If 2000 dollar is that much money for you, maybe you should stay at a hostel the next time was what they said to me when I wanted my money back. It's not our problem. I was lucky, my bank believed me when I called home and said it was a mistake, and I got my money back a couple of days later. They made my vacation a nightmare. I had no money and they treated me like I wasn't worth anything. I will never live there again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tropicalBrighton
<Content>Very pleased I read the reviews on this hotel before I travelled and to be honest I wasn't sure what to expect. I have to say I was pleasently surprised! My room was clean and spacious. I found all the hotel staff helpful, with passable English. The hotel's doormen were great in securing me a taxi and informing the driver where I wanted to go. I ate in the 'coffee shop' restaurant once, and whilst it was overpriced the food was ok. The prices of the beer and cola in my room's minibar were surprisingly affordable compared to bars and restaurants. The location was fantastic, with a subway station just outside. Over the road was a very large shopping mall with food court, supermarket (very handy) and American fast food outlets (McDonalds, Pizzahut etc). Walking distance to Tian'men Square and the main shopping district. It was perfect for my stay and an excellant base to explore Beijing!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Peter999
<Content>It may be Beijing, but it could be a Novotel anywhere! This hotel was booked by my travel agent so I don't know the exact price. I was able to check in early, which was very welcome after an overnight train journey from Beijing. The location is good and the hotel was comfortable with helpful staff. It seemed to be an identikit Novotel room, similar to ones I have stayed in in Europe and doutbless similar to the one five minutes walk from my office. If you like your western style comforts this hotel fits the bill.My only minor gripe was waiting an eternity for the lifts.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tanyah
<Content>Happy with the Novotel       Novotel Bathroom  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>sydboy07
<Content>novotel in name but not in quality The hotel location is great. Was an easy walk to tianamen square and forbidden city. Plenty of cheap places to eat near the hotel, and they have a great bread shop at the corner.The room was rather worn out. The bed was comfortable - not hard or too soft. Shower was functional but rather dated.The main complaint I have of the hotel was the aircon didn't heat the room at all. It was 5 deg at night and the room was always on the chilly side. I had to always wear my jacket in the room.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>aussiemuso
<Content>Keep looking! The Novotel Xin Qiao is in an excellent location right outside a metro station in Beijing. Transport to and from the property is easy. We stayed for 2 nights and had many disappointments during our stay. We stayed in an economy room, and maybe we got what we paid for, but the bed was really old and uncomfortable, the fittings and fixtures in the room were needing replacement, the bathroom looked dirty as it was so old, air-conditioning didn't work. I requested a room change after the first night as we were right opposite the lifts and it was noisy. Room change was granted, although the alternative wasn't much better. The staff in the restaurant have no English at all, so it was very difficult to communicate our needs even though we have lived in China for a few months and have basic communication skills. Wi-Fi internet initially didn't work, and after being passed from one staff member to another, the manager finally helped us. My main gripe was the piano being so out of tune in the lobby it was unbearable (but I am a muso!!)!! Well below the standard you would expect from a Novotel in Asia.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Artie11
<Content>Great Location, Great Price! My family and I (myself, my wife and our two children ages 6 and 8) had a wonderful stay at the hotel based primarily on the great location and favbulous price.Since it was our first time to Beijing we didn't apprciate how proximity to the sights plays a significant part of enjoying and mazimizing your holiday. Firstly we were a ten minute walk to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. Great bakery just next to the hotel. A couple blocks away was a large, modern shopping centre and supermarket. Also wonderful restaurants all around.Secondly there is a wonderfully efficient subway right outside the doors of the hotel which we used extensively. Clean, efficient, and cheap! Traffic in Beijing is horendous at the best of times so this was the best way to get around (@ $1.50 US for all of us per ride).The hotel itself was average but for the advertised web special of $66 US/night it was wonderful. Basic but clean rooms, just request a room which doesn't overlook the lounge courtyard as it was noisy. No problem when we requested a change.All in all average hotel, great location especially if you can get a great rate.Adrian and Family from Vancouver  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jennifermakin
<Content>Not what you would expect from Novotel... This particular Novotel is not up to Novotel's usual standard. The whole ethos of this hotel was clearly about the needs and requirements of the hotel - meeting the needs of the customer definitely came second.The hotel room was pleasant but the bathroom was cramped and potentially hazardous.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>mrsgeordio
<Content>Loved this hotel!       Outside of hotel  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ManchesterCaroline
<Content>good value, but far from perfect Stayed here in mid-December with my husband. On the plus side, the hotel is in a convenient location (right next to the subway station, walking distance to Tian'anmen Square, etc). The room was fine (nothing special), the room service pretty good and the hotel food in general not bad.For me the main negative was that everywhere was smokey - par for the course in Beijing, I'm afraid - but I found the hotel lobby, corridors and dining room (including the small 'no smoking' section) often very unpleasant.In summary, this hotel really does show you get what you pay for. If you're not too fussy, and trying to stay somewhere convenient on a budget, it does the trick. If you're looking for a perfect hotel, look elsewhere!A final word of warning:- we wanted to extend our stay in Beijing by a few days and asked at reception if we could stay on in our room. The new rate they tried to charge us on reception was significantly higher than that which we had been paying, so we went back up to our room and used the internet to book again through the hotel's website for a fraction of the quoted cost!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>LRRP
<Content>ok but smelly Room was large and comfortable but smelt A LOT of cigarettes. They don't have non-smoking rooms. Breakfast wasn't inclued in the price but the bakery across the road sold some excellent food options (opens at 7am).  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>callippo
<Content>Good value for the money The hotel was clean, had CNN, and very well located for the money. The subway is literally in front of the entrance, and we found that a quick and convenient way to get around town (the traffic in Beijing can be a nightmare!). It was about a 20 minute walk to Tianamen square. It has a bright and cheerful lobby, though the room lacked any view whatsoever, and the bathroom could have used one more light; however, we are not picky and the room was clean and well appointed, and for the money, it was an excellent value. Just beware the gift shop-- prices there were up to 100's of times greater than outside! There is a good (chain) restuarant, Ajisen Ramen, a couple of blocks away which has english in their menus and pictures of each dish-- we ate there a few times! Also, we didn't notice until the last day but there is a bakery adjacent to the hotel-- I'm sure the prices there too would be multiple times less than the hotel restaurant prices (we never ate at the hotel).  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bahadir
<Content>Mixed bag I have a mixed feelings about my stay in this hotel. We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights beginning of our China trip, and 4 nights on return at the end of our trip in Dec 06 / Jan 07. The location is good, right next to metro station, 20 mins walk to Tiamemnen square, 30 mins walk to Temple of Haven, and 10 mins walk to a good shopping area. Some rooms are pretty shabby, and some rooms bizarrely face the restaurant area of the hotel, so not very bright. Ask for a room which face the back of the hotel, not the side. Side rooms were noisy (next to a busy main road). The second room we stayed was not so clean, and a lot of things did not function properly. Like the TV set and the tap. The service was at best average, even in Chinese standards. Cleaning staff did hoovering of the corridor at 23:00 !!! Breakfast was just ok. The front desk staff did not speak very good English, and they were not very willing to help either. But I guess overall, it is a good value for money, and I could recomment it to people who are not so fussed about the comfort and service but looking for a basic room in a good location.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>ddbj
<Content>even if it was free..... Stayed for 5 nights in December over Christmas. Worst service ever experienced (and I have travelled a lot).Breakfast gave us food poisoning. We asked for non-smoking section of coffee shop (where breakfast was served) and was laughed at by floor manager. Wait staff were rude, unhelpful and indifferent. BUT dinner time was like a different hotel. Wait staff were excellent. Weird.Room had to be changed as booked for non-smoking and got a room that was so smoked out it was uninhabitable. New room was better, but not by much. Mattress was wood. No joke. Fell onto mattress after long flight and gave myself whiplash.Reception staff were indifferent and off-hand. Messed up receipts and charges 3 times. Housekeeping was so bad. Rang for a hairdryer 4 times and finally got it after 2 hours. Same goes for an extra pillow. They cleaned our room and threw away my expensive toothpaste that I need. Replaced with a little hotel Chinese brand tube. They had no English ability to understand this was a problem and then the housekeeping manager who did speak enough English couldn't have cared less.Just a really bad hotel that Novotel should know better than to put its name to. Chuck it now.Even if it was free, I wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>MagicianManchesterUK
<Content>Great Value in great Location This is a great hotel for the cost. The hotel is modern and fits the general Novotel style. The lobby is large and new looking. There are a variety of restaurants to choose from, although the Jazz bar is a bit lacking in atmosphere and Jazz!!The rooms were a descent size and well appointed. The bathroom was large clean and the usual 4 star hotel standard. The bed was a little hard but nothing that couldn't be put up with.The price was excellent at only 33GBP/night.The location is was made me choose this hotel. Outside you have a small mini mart opposite , and a post office just along from the hotel on both sides of the road. tiannemen Square is only 10mins walk away, whilst The Temple of Heaven is not much further and is justa straight walk along the road next to the hotel. Should you be too lazy to walk, a taxi will take you in about 3mins and cost under 1GBP.A good hotel in an excellent siteseeing location, and well worth the money, and also gives you the reliability of a major hotel chain.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jess78
<Content>Great value for money I stayed in the hotel for almost 2 weeks with a friend sharing a twin room. I paid 拢12 a night (the room was 拢14 for both of us)the hotel was clean, in a great location, and cheap! Beware of the hotel's shop, it is very expensive!!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>UniTraveller
<Content>Close to many attractions We stayed at this hotel as part of a great priced tour through China Travel Agency. The lobby of the hotel promises great things, however this hotel has two standards. We were in the older area for rooms and restaurants, the rooms had threadbare carpet and were quite old, the beds were amongst the hardest I have ever slept on, but this seems to be standard for many Asian hotels. The rooms were clean and quiet, although some of our fellow travellers were given smoking rooms that they said were uninhabitable and one family with very young children were given rooms on seperate floors so the parents had to split up so each could sleep with one child for security and safety. Our tour was very well priced and so the value for money was great for the hotel. There is very good shopping nearby and you can get anywhere in Beijing by taxi for a reasonable price. The subway is just outside the hotel and is easy to use. Tianneman Square and the forbidden Palace are within walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Julbar
<Content>For the price it is good. The hotel was fine for the price...we booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.Com. The room was very clean, hard-hard mattress but we got used to it. The location is very good, shopping center and grocery store 2 blocks away; Tiananmen Square a 4 (long blocks) walk from the hotel; subway connection in front of hotel...Tiananmen Square 1 subway stop away from hotel. 5 restaurants in hotel but we only tried 2, (1 was Chinese, where we had trouble with wait staff understanding English, and the second was the coffee shop, which we found very good, especially for breakfast).We found a good tour company to show us the sites with excellent English speaking guides (Beijing China Travel Service- contact Zhu Songdai, director of business travel dept. and request Jason, the tour guide, to show you the sights), they will also arrange airport arrivals and departures.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>helen12
<Content>Good Hotel Good hotel. Clean and airy. We had a large modern bedroom with glass floor to ceiling windows. Excellent restaurants and bar area. Only problems were that the room was boiling hot, and the beds were very uncomfortable. I could feel every spring in my side! Breakfasts were average but the staff in the breakfast area were rude and unhelpful.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>houndtang
<Content>Pretty good The Novotel Xin Qiao is a good hotel, well equipped with a roomy bar and several decent restaurants. The room was fine but overlooked the bar and was consequently quite noisy until about 12pm. The business centre is convenient but internet access is very expensive - 2 yuan per minute. Staff were helpful and able to provide tours at short notice and packed lunch. Location is quite good, next to a subway station.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Twiga2
<Content>Nice location Excellent hotel for the price. We found this hotel online for 385 total with tax about 450 (CYN). We were so happy to move to this hotel after being in Jade youth hostel for a couple of days. The rooms are pleasant and very clean. Bathroom is showing age but again - clean. We always had hot water with good water pressure. Rooms with windows over the lobby get a bit noisy in the morning. You can feel the springs in the matresses but we still slept very well. Room service was good with reasonable prices. Massage on the basement level also very nice. If you go left out of the hotel to the main road and turn right you can find several good restaurants within 10 min. walk or just hop on the metro directly in front of the hotel. Also there is a small grocery within 5 minutes walk if you go out of the hotel and turn left and left again, store is on the right side of the road. Reception was very busy and we always had to wait in line or call several times before getting someone to answer. Make sure to leave some extra time for check-out.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>脰rs
<Content>great hotel Excellent location, okay restaurants, free internet. Room was clean, staff was very helpful but their english is rather bad. Hint: Go to the Silk market (15 min. by taxi) for cheap clothes, souvenirs, replica watches and so on...  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DavidGM
<Content>Best location, average hotel I live in China and have been to the Novotel Xin Qiao in 2 different moments. The hotel situation is probably one of the best in town: with a Metro Station at the door (ChongWenMen), walking distance to Tiannamen and the Forbidden City, and near a street full of restaurants (duck, japanese, fast food, etc). Besides, it is a couple of metro station away of Xidan, where the shuttle bus to the airport will leave/pick you up. Train Station is also very near.For the hotel itself, it is correct, average level. Clean, nice beds and linen, standard toilets (but not bad). Common areas are nice, and some of its restaurants (the Japanese, for example) are excellent, although a bit expensive for the price standard in China.Prices are slightly higher than some other Chinese hotels near Tiannamen, but the difference can be assumed due to the great location.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Kosta100
<Content>A Reasonable Hotel We stayed at this hotel over the period 6-12 Aug 06 in an executive room. Positives : great restaurants and good gymnasium. Negatives: Staff were not always overly helpful and coould even be described as disinterested at times. The price is reasonable and we would recommend upgrading from the basic room as the Executive Floor is less crowded and offers a few other good things such as internet access and drinks in the bar at night. Overall, we got what we paid so no significant complaints.Regarding the many tours which are available...be very careful which operator you choose. We unfortunately went on a very dodgy tour to the Great Wall. Try to use a recommended company if possible.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Edel_Ng
<Content>Good Value and Location This hotel is centrally located. The subway station is in front of the hotel. A taxis ride to Wangfujing Daijie and Tiantan Park costs about 10RMB. There is a Peking duck restaurant called Bianyifang is 10 mins walk from the hotel. I had a King size bed with additional bed for my child at no additional cost. The service is very prompt too. The room we had was spacious and clean. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>rachscott1
<Content>Would stay again I booked this hotel as part of a package through a UK travel agent. Was overall very pleased with the hotel - the room was of a high standard, on being on one of the top floors, had a great view of the main street below. In a good location, right next to a tube stop. Another bonus was english speaking TV channels (I've found this a bit of a rareity in other parts of China!) and UK plug sockets!! On the downside I found the stuff to be quite unhelpful - English is definetly not their strong point and they made little effort to try and understand you and were of little help for anything important! Food in restaurant very good, especially the night time buffet, if a little on the expensive side!! All in all, I would stay here again if in Beijing, but would bring along a translator!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Bashi
<Content>Great location but average service Picked this hotel for the location and because we trusted Novotel's reputation. Although the location part was great, the service standard was not what we had expected from a Novotel. The Good: Subway station right outside hotel, which gets you on subway line 2. The only down side is major shopping areas (such as Xidan, Silk Market, Wanfujing), and major attractions (such as Forbidden city, Tienanmen Square) are on line 1, so changing lines are often needed. We stayed at a standard room in the back part of the hotel, it wasn't as nice as the new part, but was still clean, roomy, and comfortable (except for the really hard bed). 2 bottles of water was provided free each day. The Average: Breakfast prices at the hotel were expensive for China, so try to get a deal where it's included in your room package. If not, there is a really clean and good quality bread shop across the road, so we ate there at breakfast time. The Bad: Service was below average. At check in, staff were slow, our paperwork changed hands whilst others behind us pushed in. One of the girls at the ticket desk was extremely rude, and unhelpful. Would often rather talk on her phone than answer questions, therefore was difficult to get help on domestic air tickets (so we booked our flights with China Travel next to the hotel). Most people at the Concierge desk were also uninterested and unhelpful, which meant getting directions to major attractions was difficult, so plan you trip well, know where you want to go, and just use them to confirm your destination, or to write the address down in Chinese for the taxi drivers. Overall: We would stay there again, but would not expect great service.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>JBrough476
<Content>Great Hotel       View from the room  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>dfw2kansas
<Content>Novotel Xin Qiao in Beijing - Great Value! We stayed at the Novotel Xin Qiao June 24-28, 2006. We had a room on the Executive Floor or BIZ Floor as they call it. I would definitely recommend getting a room on this floor as the room rate includes a wonderful breakfast each day. The hotel was very nice and very convenient to the subway (right outside the hotel entrance.) The room was nicely appointed although the bed was hard as a rock! This was the case in all asian hotels where we stayed, so be prepared for a hard bed.This hotel was a great value and I would highly recommend it.FLTXKS@aol.comKansas City, USA  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travellingGail
<Content>loved the Novotel Xin Qiao My husband and I, travelling with another couple who also stayed here in another room, found this hotel to be wonderful. A great location, very helpful staff, and comfortable, clean rooms. We found the local market around the corner very useful for stocking up on reasonable, cheap wine and beer!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SanFranExplorer
<Content>Reasonably priced hotel with good facilities but be aware of extra costs               More photos  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok but I stayed in the Hotel with my 3 kids and my wife during a week holiday in Beijing. We had two rooms and the rooms where ok, the location of the hotel was very easy wrt the subway and several markets. However since we have stayed in other hotels in Beijing we where suprised over the high price for the coffee shop, the foot massage, the exchange rate. We will not use the hotel again for our next trip to china not that we have lots of complains but we are used to better prices and better service from other hotels.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel at a reasonable price I was a little concerned about this hotel due to some negative reviews, but I was overall very pleased with my stay. I got a deluxe business suite for myself, my husband and my 15 year old son. The room was large and comfortable and my son enjoyed having his own space in a adjoining room. Room service was fast and reasonably priced. The included breakfast buffet was nice. The coffee was great! The hotel staff spoke English pretty well - it varied. The service was not real friendly compared to four star hotels in the US, but for China the staff was pleasant.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>akky1948
<Content>Don't expect too much! We stayed in the Novotel in Oct. 2005.We found the rooms well sized with very clean facilities  of a good standard, although the airconditioning wasn't very efficient.The staff could benefit from better training as the ground floor cafe always appeared disorganised with long waits, especially at breakfast. The bar staff often found difficulty in preparing even the most basic drinks and certain staff throughout the hotel could be brusque and lacking in communication skills.However, bearing in mind China is a relative novice in the hospitality trade, we found the overall stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a bad hotel We (my 10 year old son and myself) stayed for 4 days in Novotel Xin Qiao hotel in June 2005. I booked the hotel partially based on the good reviews from tripadvisor.com (it was ranked as one of the top ones at my booking time based on reviews). I was greatly disappointed by the hotel. It is easiely among one of the worst places I stayed:1: the bathroom was small and dark. The shampoo/soap container on the wall was half falling off. No one tried to fixed it during our stay.2: the towel and bedding in the room were VERY old.3: the carpet in my room was taped together using 2 pieces with different color and texture.4: the room was not serviced on time, sometime not until late afternoon.5: I forgot to bring my shaver. I asked the front desk for a shaving kits and was told that they did not have one.I would certainly never go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LisaArlington
<Content>A good deal, but lacking in service The hotel is centrally located and very convenient for busy tourists. The rooms are quite large and relatively clean. However, the mattress was very hard (a common problem throughout China, i've since discovered!). The staff tried to be friendly, but the language barrier was practically insurmountable (thank goodness for our translator/guide). We had asked for a non-smoking room, but our room reeked of smoke. We ran the AC at full-tilt during our stay to try to get rid of the smell. The elevators are just insufficient for the number of rooms, we often waited in long lines to get up/down to our room. The cafe's breakfast was quite generous (included with the room price), with good bread/eggs/fruit.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Thefloridians
<Content>Nice Luxury Hotel in Beijing We (2 Adults and 2 Children) stayed at this hotel in June 2005. We found it to be a very nice hotel with great rooms and a good restaurant.The rooms are high end and very comfortable.The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to the Forbiden City. The hotel has a good tour groups to the Great Wall and the staff are very helpful in helping you get around town and making travel plans. Additionally there is a ATM machine right next door and a CITS office 100 meters away.There is a good buffet at the hotel which is not cheap by Chinese standards, but it is good food and music and is very convenient.We would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gengiska
<Content>So sad...               More photos  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AAASelector
<Content>Terrible Hotel This is a really lousy hotel. I booked a king deluxe room but was given a rather unsatisfactory twin. It was in the A wing but was not what I'd class as 4 star. The bed was extremely uncomfortable, you could feel the springs digging into you! and the facilities were quite threadbare.The worst aspect about this hotel is the level of service. Every member of staff I came across was totally uninterested in helping me. That is if they could speak any English at all. Having stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels across Asia this was probably my worst ever experience.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>neilmadhvani
<Content>Has the potential to be a good hotel, but work needed to bring to 4* level...   showReview(3681824, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>misselaines
<Content>good hotel but beware of extra charges   showReview(3530897, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Surreyite
<Content>Biz Floor was fantastic   showReview(3520522, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brennee2004
<Content>Novotel not up to par!   showReview(3498580, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vw
<Content>One of the best hotel I ever stayed.   showReview(3395631, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>loru100
<Content>Would definitely recommend   showReview(3284316, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>richardsonjones
<Content>'Xellent Xinqiao   showReview(3240085, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shanghaisol
<Content>Would recommend to anyone   showReview(2609269, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven on Earth   showReview(2221632, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Deal going in Beijing! What More Could You Want?   showReview(2205914, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缍洪簵銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21744387, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sakata
<Content>蹇仼銇х祵娓堢殑       鍗佸垎銇簝銇曘伄鏃чえ銈枫兂銈般儷  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>nataly03
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(18520808, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lulupe61
<Content>decevant pour novotel   showReview(17782840, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆屽湴涓嬨伀娓╂硥澶ф荡鍫?..   showReview(21803211, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Viajeslapera
<Content>Un Buen lugar donde quedarse   showReview(12254442, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Roundtheplanet
<Content>Des d茅tails 脿 am茅liorer   showReview(10048054, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儨銉嗐儷鏂版椋簵   showReview(19164986, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曘亱銇ㄤ究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19164488, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇屻倛銈嶃仐銇勶紒   showReview(19162417, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>chobbert
<Content>Ideale Lage!   showReview(8139693, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偗銉嗐偅銉栨淳銇亰钖︺倎   showReview(19160928, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨鏃呰銇ф硦銇俱仯銇熴亼銇┾€?#x201d;   showReview(19160847, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩仹銆佷究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19160707, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hke
<Content>pas 脿 la hauteur   showReview(5934229, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>yasmi
<Content>Simplicit茅 et confort   showReview(5593526, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃чえ銇皸銈掍粯銇ゃ亼銇?#x201d;   showReview(19929570, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇傘伨銈娿亰钖︺倎銇с伅銇傘倞銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19929507, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傛竻娼旀劅銇亗銈嬨儧...   showReview(19929066, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍖椾含椐呫伄瑗垮崡銇亗銈?..   showReview(19928050, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍖椾含銇銇忋仺銆侊紤锛愬勾...   showReview(19926420, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒伄瀹挎硦瀹亴澶氥亜...   showReview(19923420, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍖椾含椐呫伄銇°倗銇ｃ仺瑗垮伌...   showReview(19922921, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銉勩偄銉笺仹鍒╃敤銇椼伨銇?..   showReview(19921560, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

