<Author>aqualung1966
<Content>Too Noisy Impossible to sleep There were parties going all night. Not just until 12 or 1 AM but all night. They were in the rooms and in the hallway. We did not sleep at all. Management did nothing to stop it. This hotel is obviously for young people in groups. The room was interesting and VERY CLEAN. The retro look was nice. But I would never go back. I need to sleep. By the way,the bed was very comfortable and would have been great if sleeping was possible.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>RW53
<Content>Nice location in Belltown       view from Sound View Suite  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sj200844
<Content>This is not a nice hotel This is highly overrated on the internet. The pictures you see aren't what you get in your room. I booked this hotel months in advance asking for a quiet room for pre cruise and post cruise stay. We arrived at the hotel which is in an okay neighborhood with close proximity to the cruise ships. The hotel entry is a small door at the side of the restaurant. It is difficult to find. You have to walk up two flights of stairs with your luggage in tow both on your way in and out of the hotel lobby. The hotel staff is not courteous. They never once asked us if we needed anything. The staff at the front desk can hear you hauling your luggage into and out of the lobby . They are oblivious. The room was dirty and depressing and not quiet. We were on the waterfront side. Huge ventilator fans were everywhere. There were water stains on the furniture. The hotel had a very seedy motel feel. For $300 a night we got taken.We cancelled our reservations and stayed at the Marriott waterfront at the end of the cruise which I would recommend. We got concierge class and a very quiet room with a beautiful view in a better area of town for a few dollars more!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>lafou
<Content>Comfortable and Convenient This place has a Bed and Breakfast vibe with hotel conveniences. It is centrally located and at the edge of the Free Zone for downtown buses, but within walking distance to the Pike Place Market and other attractions. I booked a Belltown Suite at a lower rate with the forewarning from this website that it could get noisy on weekends - Friday night was no problem.The concierges were helpful. The room service from the restaurant was awesome. The only issue was that all of the towels were not always replaced daily.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HkrCa
<Content>Doesn't live up to its hype We visited Seattle on a working vacation trip. We initially had difficulty finding a room as it is the height of the cruise season. We were happy to find something available at The Inn at El Gaucho and based on what we saw on their website, we were looking forward to our stay there. We were, however, very disappointed as other than the fact that the rooms were nicely furnished, everything else about our stay did not live up to the hype given on the website. We stayed at El Gaucho for three nights and so probably were able to get a good feel for the service there. The website advertises that there will be a staff person to help carry luggage up to their second floor lobby. The problem with that is that there is no way to let them know that you have arrived so that they can send someone down to help. Most people don't want to leave their luggage unattended downstairs to inform the desk of their arrival as the first floor entry is not secure. The continental breakfast was sparse. One morning they were especially low. Even though we were one of the first to come to breakfast, upon finding that they were out of some items, we asked at the front desk if they could replenish. We were told that they were all out of a particular item. No offer was made to get some more or offer to get something else. No one kept watch on the breakfast area to keep things refilled on a regular basis even though it is right next to the front desk. The only thing done to our room by housekeeping was to make our bed (even though we pretty much made it first). The shower rug, which we hung over the door to dry, was taken down, rolled up and placed on the floor while still wet. Bathroom supplies were not replenished regularly to the point that we had to get some ourselves off of the maid's cart. No one ever checked with us to see how we were enjoying our stay nor have we heard back from them since as we have from other hotels that we stayed at on this particular trip.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	2	2	4	

<Author>espinbk
<Content>Cool Vibe       Nice big room; very clean. Awesome bed.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cke_wa
<Content>Politely Overrated If you are looking for a completely different overnight experience this is your place. My wife and I enjoy coming to Seattle for the occasional overnight night stay. We have been to the resturant El Gaucho several times and have always enjoyed it. This time we decided to book a reservation with the hotel as well. The staff was very accomodating and nice, however the facility was a different story.To be completely honest the room reminded me of cheaply remodeled college dorm. It's obvious that this inn used to be a low rent apartment building. There are large gaps under each door where light comes in. The AC units are small and inadequate. The street noise is intolerable. (We were awakened by two homeless men fighting.) The beds are motel hand me downs on wheels with nice sheets. Be prepared to pay too much and be awakened through out the night, by external and internal noise. Also the neighborhood is completely filled with transients asking for money.Pay the extra $100 and stay at the W.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>maxanddrew
<Content>Loved, loved, loved the inn!       queen size bed in nook  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Squiz
<Content>Great place to stay in Seattle       Atrium bathroom  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>TripsPlease
<Content>Not a lot of service, but a really nice room We stayed at the Inn at El Gaucho for 4 nights recently. The location is great for restaurants, Pike Place Market, the Seattle Art Museum, the Olympic Sculpture Park, and other attractions. We didn't have a car and were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go.We actually stayed in 2 different rooms because we came for 3 nights then went away for a side trip and came back for 1 night. One was on the interior and thus was a little dark (it overlooked a small courtyard) but very quiet. The other was on a corner overlooking 1st  Wall and there was tons of natural light, which was nice, but there was a lot of street noise. I live in New York and am used to street noise but I couldn't have slept with the windows open. The best thing about both rooms was the beds. I honestly think those were the 2 most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. We didn't ever want to get out! There was also a nice little office space in each room where you can set up a laptop. Internet access is free with a username and password provided by the desk.The bathrooms were quite small and left a lot to be desired. We requested a tub and had one in each room. This is not a tub for a luxurious long soak, but it's clean and you can take a bath. There is no counter-space--a pedestal sink. While overall the bathroom was clean the floor was very dingy and dirty in both rooms. White tiles seem to have been a bad choice. If you need much in terms of service (concierge, valet, bellman), you won't get it at the Inn at El Gaucho. The front desk staff, while pleasant, seemed a little clueless, with the exception of one gentleman who worked evenings during our stay. He was friendly and really helpful and knew his job. On the other hand, you aren't paying for this. With rates of about $175-185 this was the best value for a good hotel that I could find in Belltown/Downtown, and the room is more than adequate. That bed alone is worth the price. We both agreed we would stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>alliebaz
<Content>Loved It!!!! Thank you Trip Advisor for leading us to the Inn at El Gaucho! My husband was in Seattle on business and since I was tagging along on this trip, we wanted to stay somewhere more interesting than a typical chain hotel and we were certainly not disappointed. Our room was fabulous! The bed was super comfortable, we loved having a sitting area and my husband appreciated the work space complete with free wireless. I am not a big beef eater, so we skipped the restaurant, although it smelled wonderful and it the atmosphere seemed very inviting. We did however take advantage of the very hip movie theater/bar in the basement of the hotel. The bartenders were very friendly and we loved that they would run cocktail refills to us during the show! The other great thing about this hotel, was the location. If we had been staying further in the downtown area, we would have missed out on all of the great restaurants and shops on 1st Ave. Many of the main tourist attractions are within easy walking distance, like Pike St Market, the downtown shopping district, the Space Needle, Argosy cruises, Pioneer Square etc...and as an added bonus, the Olympic Sculpture Garden is just a few blocks away and is the start of a beautiful waterfront trail for cycling or jogging in the mornings. The only negatives that I can come up with would be the stairs leading into the Inn as mentioned in many other reviews and the somewhat confusing air conditioner. However, the stairs really are not that big a deal if you are prepared for them and the man at the front desk gave me a quick air conditoner tutorial that solved that mystery. All in all, it was a fabulous stay and I would highly recommend the Inn at El Gaucho! Cheers!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>650golfer
<Content>Great Find, Great Location, Great Steak I was in town last week for business and had trouble finding a room due to a MSFT conference. I had already booked dinner at El Gaucho Steakhouse (some say the best steak in the country) and noticed they had 18 rooms upstairs. Great find! 3 years old, all suite hotel with 18 rooms and free breakfast and wi-fi, not to mention bottle of water cookie and CD. Plasma screen, Bose CD player and a comfy bed are a few of amenities along with friendly service and leather couches. I did notice their pricing varied from their site and Expedia (much less expensive) so I called reservations direct and they offered an even better rate. Good to note a great wine store and Kinko鈥檚 are a block away as well as Pikes Place Market and the waterfront.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brinampls
<Content>Elegantly Comfortable Inn with Personal Service I spent a night at the Inn while in Seattle for an interview. After a long travel day and a long interview, I was welcomed at the curb outside of the Inn and restaurant by the valet, who surprised me by welcoming me by my first name. Talk about personal service!The front desk staffperson (Teresa) was equally welcoming and warm. She personally took me to my room, which was beautiful, luxurious, comfortable, and just the right size for me. Complimentary robes of the softest cotton, fabulous linens and towels, plasma tv, complimentary CD of jazz (the steakhouse has a jazz piano player most nights), a view of the Sound, ceiling fan, plump pillows, and room service from the steakhouse all made it a perfect way to relax after the long day.The decor of my room felt like New Mexico crossed with the '50s, retro swank is a good way to put it! On the walls were a black and white photograph of Frank Sinatra (The Classic Age of Jazz by Gottlieb, famous photo) and a photo of Audrey Hepburn as Sabrina. Classy!I booked the Inn through an expedia package and chose it because of its proximity to my interview and because it looked like a place where a woman traveling alone would feel safe. I like being known by the staff. Really a great choice. I will be back.The only negative was a car alarm going off early in the a.m., but that is not the fault of the inn!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>F27
<Content>Not all that was expected. My wife  I stayed 1 night for Valnentines. We do a diferent hotel in the Seattle area each year for the past 11 years. Of all he hotels over the years this was at the bottem of the list. No elevators,had to walk up a flight of stairs to reach registration. Staff were very nice, room was O.K. the colours of Orange  red were not my wife's fav. There was a noisy heating unit that ran most of the night by the room window. When I went out the next morning for the contental breakfast there were 3 pastries left, no butter, out of cream  coffee. the staff did get these corrected. for $325 for te night + $25 parking there are at least 10 other options we know of that provide much better value. On the positive side the bed was very comfortable, we had a suite which we reserved  this was roomy ( Not as roomy as most other hotel suites we have experienced.) the bathroom was small but well decorated. the gowns provided were very comfortable.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>speacock
<Content>Great location, overwhelming smell of steak Going into this trip, I knew the inn was located over a steak house, but I didn't fully realize the implication that my room would smell like grilled meat.I agree with all of the wonderful reviews written here. Incredible location, great interior design, comfortable beds, staff that was pretty friendly. All of these things were good but the overwhelming smell of steak that permeated our room in the evening overshadowed the positive aspects for me.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Judithena
<Content>intimate stay in the city My wife, Judy, and I recently stayed in Seattle and Portland, and had a wonderful trip. We chose to stay at the inn at el gaucho, at the recommendation of a friend, and I have to say that it was a good choice. We were right downtown in Belltown, but felt that we were staying with friends. The staff was friendly, always there, and we felt safe and welcomed. Our room was a jr suite, with a view of the bay. The bed was comfy, amenities were great, and espresso at Macrina was just a one block walk in the morning. All in all, a most restful and enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tvegas
<Content>Something a little different I stayed here for 3 nights in December 2007. First impressions were great, at check-in we were upgraded from the cheapest room to the most expensive. Always a lovely thing to happen. The hotel was very quiet - only saw one other couple during our stay. The rooms were super comfy - one of the comfiest beds I have slept in, big leather sofas, lovely toiletries, Bose CD player with complimentary CD - jazz, very mellow.Reception staff unobtrusive but very helpful when looking for information about Seattle - running routes, opening times etc.A short walk to Pike Place market, 1st Starbucks, stores about a 10-15 minute walk. Lovely pizza place open across the road from hotel - they do take-out. yum.The breakfast is a bit pitiful. Coffee, fruit and pastries. But so many places around the hotel it was not a concern. Also no cookies :( A bonus would have been a small 'fridge in the room. A great and comfy place to stay in central-ish Seattle. A really nice place to come back to when you have been out shopping/doing tourist stuff all day.(Have a meal up the Space Needle, then entry to the top is free, nice food, fantastic views and great service.)Would be glad to stay here again! Above average for the price.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Susanr80
<Content>Deilightful Surprise I booked the Inn at El Gaucho because it's located near the ferry line to Victoria. We had 1 night and very little time in Seattle, but I wish we could have stayed longer - the Inn at El Gaucho is delightful. Thebed is great! Add to that good electronics and bath stuff and it was hard to leave - I'm really sorry to have missed the breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Scottsdale_from_IL
<Content>Everything written in these reviews is true! My wife and I stayed for three nights after a cruise to Alaska. I'm late in writing the review as we stayed at the beginning of August. We chose the Inn based on the reviews in Tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed at all. It was a fantastic room, perfect location for walking to Pike's Market or the Space Needle. Found a great breakfast spot 2 blocks away, C J's Eatery. Even the Cyclops across the street had great food and a fun spot to sit outside with a drink.Love this hotel and would stay again without hesitation!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>texasclaire35
<Content>Wonderful spot in Seattle My fiance and I just returned from a four day stay at the Inn at El Gaucho. Having used tripadvisor to find this spot, I wanted to write a review to confirm that this is a GREAT PLACE to stay in Seattle. The hotel is located in a great neighborhood--Belltown--near everything, and the restaurant below the hotel is one of the best steak restaurants I have ever been. The room was nice, and the bed was amazing. Our trip was interesting b/c I was on crutches with a hurt ankle, but the staff at El Gaucho did everything possible to make it easy on us (despite the fact that there are only stairs and no elevators). In sum, if you are looking for a cool boutique hotel with friendly, helpful staff, stay here. We loved it.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdragse
<Content>Is it possible to be too boutique? I had a great stay a the El Gaucho. Before I get to what I consider to be down-sides, I'll give you the high notes. The bed was wonderful, probably best I've ever slept in, certainly better than any chain hotel, Kimpton properties and the Westin/W included. The towels and bathrobe were very soft (although the towel didn't absorb water as well as I expected it would). The high definition television with loads of hi-def and premium channels was a nice perk. In general, you can tell the hotel put a lot of considerations into the furniture in the room. There is also free wireless. There was a great shower head in the shower. Lastly, the hotel has arranged for free use of the Seattle Athletic Club (although this is not very close to the hotel). The wine glasses and water glasses (with corkscrew) was a nice touch.On the downside: I'd consider the bathroom average. Nothing was wrong with it, but it came across as an afterthought compared to the rest of the room. The ironing board was miniature - I had to sit down to iron my shirt. For the price of a nights stay, I would expect a full-size ironing board. Lastly, while the staff was very professional and personable, they were apparently stretched thin. I called the front desk three times in ten minutes to set up a wakeup call and got the hotel voice mail every time. I ended up leaving a voice mail but never got the wakeup call I requested. There's also a long flight of stairs to the hotel lobby. I guess there's supposed to be a bellman to carry up luggage, but that didn't happen when I arrived.I guess the bottom ine is that while this is an excellent boutique property, it is small to the point of not being able to cater to the guests as much as a larger luxury/ boutique hotel. With only 18 rooms, the staff will call you by name and establish a rapport with you, but they may not be able to pick up the phone when you call.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	2	5	

<Author>carrythebanner
<Content>Will stay again I stayed at The Inn at El Gaucho for two nights during a weekend trip to Seattle. I was pleasantly surprised by the intimacy of the room. A complementary bottle of Evian water, a fresh cookie, and cd of local artist sat on the dresser. the room was adorn with fresh cut flowers, leather furniture and one of the most comfortable beds I鈥檝e yet to sleep on in a hotel. The staff was amazing even at 3 in the morning there was someone at the desk. My only complaint was valet parking. at 25 dollars for 24 hours(a moderate price) we were surprised to find our car was parked on the street overnight I was hoping for something a little more secure. Also, because there wasn鈥檛 a permanent attendant on duty, we had to track down the receptionist to locate and bring our car. This was hardly a problem though because she always made it a priority to meet our needs.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>NICOLEandJACOB
<Content>comfortable and welcoming. we stayed three nights at the inn at el gaucho. we booked the cheapest room, ranging from $175 to $195 per night, and had a view of the street. my request for a room with a bath tub was honored. the room was comfortable, and we enjoyed our time there.we particularly liked: the super-soft bath robes, the high quality towels (not regular scratchy hotel towels), the l'occitane and philip b. bath products, the books about seattle and the area on the table in the room, and the endless supply of hot water coming from the shower.i didn't like that there was no mini bar because exploring it is one of my favorite parts of staying in a hotel (coke in a glass harmonica, anyone?) but there's a convenience store across the street for late-night snacks.nobody bothered us for anything during our entire stay. we saw another guest only one time, and he was on his way out. the concierge helped us find places to eat when we asked. maid service was quick and efficient. we left the room for 30 minutes and returned to find it completely spotless.they have free wi-fi, but to log in i would've had to call the concierge for a password, and it was easier to use the unlocked wi-fi from the ace hotel across the street.also, it's true: they give you cookies. really good cookies.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mld02908
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Inn at El Gaucho! My husband and I stayed one night at the Inn at El Gaucho during an overnight trip to Seattle. We were thrilled. Our room (Sound view) was beautifully decorated, even better than described on the website, and incredibly comfortable to spend time in. The location of the Inn is also ideal鈥攁n easy walk to Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, and countless restaurants. We also walked to the pier to watch the sunset鈥攂eautiful! We had an excellent dinner at the Frontier Room just down the street鈥攈ighly recommended for those who might enjoy a cold beer, hot plate of ribs, and very cool atmosphere (and seriously the best fries ever). The service at the Inn was excellent鈥攅veryone was extremely helpful. We truly had a wonderful experience and will DEFINITELY stay at the Inn at El Gaucho the next time we visit Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mkb8
<Content>Wonderful! This hotel is a hidden gem! We loved it. It was modern, spacious, clean, and romantic. I would recommed this hotel and will stay there in the future.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>murphykds
<Content>Location, location, location This hotel is all about location. Belltown has few hotels. Two blocks from the water, 4 blocks to Pike Market, 4 blocks to downtown. Rooms are spacious and lots of extras, but not terribly clean and lots of dings. Service was mixed with only one person at the desk at a time. Biggest downside is the smell--the hotel is above legendary steakhouse El Gaucho. By 6:00 the entire hotel including your room smell like cooking food.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>WanderlusterDc
<Content>Marvelous! But don't pay extra for the views We had a wonderful stay in the beautiful Inn at El Gaucho. The location couldn't have been better 鈥?just a short walk from Pike's Market, and lots of restaurants and cafes. The rooms were plush and comfortable, with lovely pampering touches including a gift bag complete with chocolate chip cookies!The concierge service was amazing. every request was handled quickly and thoroughly.But don't bother paying extra for views of Pugent Sound. We could indeed see the water, but it's hardly stunning and you need to peer past several industrial rooftop air conditioning units on the neighboring buildings. Not worth the extra money.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parcvue
<Content>Seattle Secret One of my best friends turned me on to the Inn at El Gaucho. The Inn is above the ever-popular Steak House. The hotel is small, well appointed with high quality furniture, flat-screens, and crisp sheets. The staff is helpful and caring. My corner suite overlooked the bay. This is a great place to stay on a business trip if you do not need all the features of a full service property.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>JadepearlToronto
<Content>El Gaucho is great Stayed at the Inn at El Gaucho for only one night (unfortunately). It is a great little find thanks to TripAdvisor. I was in town on business during a very busy convention week and all major hotels were booked up. Glad this happened or I would not have experienced this hotel. All the reviews and pictures are accurate. Small hotel but had all the five star touches of high end hotels: large room, modern bathroom, plasma TV, BOSE sound system, first class toiletries, free internet, beautiful bed, and relatively quiet despite being in a very busy part of town. Easy walk to waterfront, space needle and shopping. Staff was great, loved the goodie bag. All this for a very reasonable price ($175) compared to the other downtown Seattle hotels. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PeeJay1
<Content>Quiet Oasis In Belltown! When I told my husband the name of the hotel we were staying at he laughed so hard, I thought he was going to drive off the road. Okay, the name is a little strange, but the rooms are great. I have booked some very shady hotels in the past, so my hubby was a little nervous about what the El Gaucho would be. We wanted to stay in Belltown, and this is on the far end of Belltown, closer to the spaceneedle, so it is perfect for walking to both locations. It is also an easy walk to Pike Place Market. I simply could not believe how quiet our room was. It was like our own little oasis! There are only a few (16, I think) rooms in the entire hotel, and we never saw another guest. The valet parking was a little strange (the garage is a few blocks away), but at least they have it, and our car was secure. If the valet is not outside, you have to walk in and go up the stairs to the front desk. Stairs a problem? Not for us. We are in our 30's. The flatscreen is good, and we never had any problems with the stations, there were enough for us. There is also a bose sound system. The bathroom shower is small, but I didnt' care. The decor is artsy, picture of James Dean on our wall, and the warm colors are relaxing. I wanted to take the couch home! There are room darkening blinds/curtains that are so good, that you can easily sleep in after a night on the town in Belltown. I really loved this place, and the cookies were yummy! Highly recommended. We will probably stay here every time we visit Seattle from now on.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>mjohns7861
<Content>A Seattle gem in the Emerald City..... During our trip to Seattle and Vancouver last summer we agonized over finding the right hotel in Seattle for our 4 day stay. Thumbing through our Frommers guidebook we stumbled across the Inn at El Gaucho. We are glad we stumbled upon this gem of a hotel.Located just off the main downtown area of Seattle - the hotel is well located. The El Gaucho Steakhouse is located on the first floor and unbelievably a movie theatre is located in the basement. The hotel is on the top floor and the only real downside is no elevator the stairs are a steep hike. The front desk is staffed by one person and you basically have the feel of a tiny boutique hotel or inn.The room was well appointed with a very comfortable bed, big bedroom, and sitting area. A CD of the band that plays the steakhouse was gift waiting for us with chocolate chip cookies - when we walked into our room on the first day.I suspect this hotel is little known but really gave us a good feel for what living in Seattle is like. I do not recommend this hotel for older travellers - and emphasize going up and down the stairs was sorta of a hassle. Nonetheless, this is a memorable hotel/inn and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>janrat
<Content>Brilliant Hotel in a Great Location Just returned from a week in Seattle staying at the El Gaucho. Hotel was in a good location just a few blocks walk to the centre and the Space Needle. Local buses are free so handy if you dont feel like the walk. The hotel was excellent, staff very friendly and helpful. The bed was one of the most comfortable I ve ever slept in, made it difficult to get out of bed in the morning, especially if you are watching the Plasma TV. Rooms spotless with high quality bedlinen towels toiletries etc. No elevator/lift but only 2 gentle flights of steps and staff on hand to carry suitcases on arrival and departure. Seattle was bright and sunny for the week, perfect weather, great sights to see, including Space Needle although highlight was Sea Plane flight over Seattle. The basketball was also a very entertaining night out. A fantastic week, enhanced by staying in this brilliant hotel  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>never-long-enough
<Content>Fabulous room, fantastic restaurant, amazing people We arrived at Inn at El Gaucho on 30th December after a very long flight from Glasgow, carrying way too much luggage. The doormen were quick to open our cab door and take our luggage up the stairs to our suite. The decor is unlike anywhere we've ever been - rustic but in a contemporary style. It's cosy, with rough plastered walls, ceiling fans and sumptuous brown leather sofas.The room was large, warm and welcoming, with a goodie bag including a CD of music by the musicians who perform in the restaurant below (quality jazz). The bed was fitted out in luxurious Egyptian Cotton sheets and offered us a truly comfortable night's sleep.Although it was late, we were welcomed into the gorgeous restaurant downstairs, and enjoyed a delicious meal served by the friendliest staff. We recommend you order a Spanish Coffee just to be entertained by the flames and sparks flying as it's made at your table... thanks to Correy who not only kept us laughing as he set fire to the table, but also advised us on where to go for the rest of our holiday - really appreciated! It's people like him who give a city a good name!The city was fabulous - so friendly and the shopping was great too. We haven't a bad word to say about the whole place. Thanks Seattle and all the staff at Inn at El Gaucho.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GeorgiePeach
<Content>Great way to kick off our honeymoon!         
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>martico
<Content>What, no elevator?! Once you have reached Reception - carrying your bags up two long flights of stone stairs, though there is a small goods elevator if you press the parking valet - your view of the place improves dramatically. The staff are professional and friendly and the atmosphere is very relaxed. Rooms are stylish, large and comfortable.BUT what was that thundering noise at 5 a.m.?! For several seconds a building-shaking vibration rattled the solid walls (it happened to a lesser extent the second morning too - though not till around 6.........). Reception staff looked puzzled when asked about it, and professed lack of authority to discount our room charge on 7 a.m. check-out: 'I need to talk to my boss about that.....'. We're still awaiting the decision six weeks later!The Restuarant - clearly a cool destination, with prices at the high end - was good and the service attentive. Entrance to the building caters more obviously for the dining clientele than those sleeping at the hotel - but a good location, if they can just stop that infernal noise!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MicheleNY
<Content>Comfortable and affordable stay...right on 1st Avenue. I booked three nights at the Inn at El Gaucho based on the reviews from tripadvisor.com. When my boyfriend and I arrived after a 5 hour flight from NY, we were happy that the Inn is located only 15 minutes from the airport by taxi. The hotel is located on the second floor of a steakhouse, with no elevator and no bellhop, so we had to carry our bags up a flight and a half of stairs. (I knew about this from the reviews, but after a long flight I had forgotten!) The woman at the front desk was very helpful, even leaving to personally check if the room was ready because we had arrived early for check-in. It was, and she gave us a large cold bottle of Evian, a goodie bag with large cookies and a CD, and a short tour of our room and its amenities. We were also given 2 room keys, which is helpful. The room was a suite (they are all suites) facing 1st Avenue. The bed looked like one large pillow and it was amazingly soft and comfortable. We had to force ourselves, after testing it, to get up and do some exploring around town. The room had a 40 TV which came in handy because we were there to see the Seahawks VS. Giants that Sunday at Quest Field Stadium, so we were able to keep track of the teams and highlights on a picture-perfect TV. The bathroom had a stall shower and was pretty basic - hairdryer, lots of towels, and complimentary toileties. The room closet had a dresser, iron and board, and 2 ultra-soft bathrobes. There was also a seperate coffee/office closet which was pretty convenient, yet out of the way. And the leather sofa and chair were nice, as well. The most useful thing in the room was the pile of Seattle guides on the sofa table. We used that to find all the restaurants for our entire stay. The Inn is located only a half mile from Seattle Center (with Space Needle) and less than a mile striaight down 1st to Pike Market. It's only a little further to Pioneer Square and Quest Field Stadium. And it's only 2 blocks away from the Seattle Port. First Avenue has an abundance of restaurants and shops so you won't have to worry about taking a taxi to dinner. (There's even a big umbrella for you in the room closet, just in case you have to take a short walk in the rain!) Overall, we were so happy with our choice that when we go back to Seattle for whatever reason, we will be staying there. The location, the comfort, the moderate price ($150 a night in Seattle is hard to beat) and the friendliness of the female employees made it a perfect stay!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wanderingtravel
<Content>Best place to stay in Seattle! We stayed at the Inn September 1st -3rd and then again on September 10th. The staff, location and well appointed rooms exceeded our expectations ( home for us is NYC). The food downstairs is awesome -- make sure to be extra hungry. Coffee shop around the corner on 2nd Ave. and Vine (Bellisimo) is fabulous as is Shiro's Sushi on 2nd Ave and don't miss brunch at Lola's. The staff assisted us in planning both Lake Union and Green Lake trips. We will most certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deano306
<Content>The perfect place to stay!! Wow this is an amazing hotel. Very nice rooms as advertised. Loved the TV and the bed. Service staff was amazing. Very courteous and willing to help. It was hot and we had walked to the hotel from the Victoria Clipper(3 blocks, slightly uphill) and the hotel clerk gave me an extra bottle of water just because i looked thirsty. It is only a three block walk to the waterfront trolley(free ride to the stadium and downtown). It was about 3 blocks to the space needle and there is laundry service in the next block as well as many smaller unique bars and restaurants. I hope to stay here again in November!! Also the shower head was amazing.. so good in fact i bought the same one when i got home!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BBFan
<Content>Nice hotel and Location We stayed for one night prior to taking an Alaskan cruise. Nice hotel although you would never know there was a hotel at this location as you see the restaurant first, then a small sign for the hotel entrance. Everyone is right about the stairs. No elevator for guests. There is a bell-person to take your bags, which was very worthwhile. The room is very nicely appointed. New furniture. Flat screen TV was a plus. Nice leather furniture in sitting area. But was disappointed in bathroom. Our bathroom was fairly worn. Marks on the walls and chips taken out of floor. It just didn't seem to fit with the rest of the room. Not impressed.Location was great. You can walk a few blocks down the street and run into many restaurants. Belltown seems to be getting fixed up. Lots happening and renovations going on to a number of buildings. Easy to get to any Seattle attraction. And a $5 cab ride to the cruise ship terminal.I probably would not stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kasey363
<Content>Outstanding Stayed at the El Gaucho for three days mid-August 2006. I travel frequently, stay at rather higher end hotels and B  B's. The reviews previously here were the only thing that led me to find this wonderful hotel. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The Inn itself is stylish, exceptional rooms that seduce you - very romantic, plush and at the same time comfortable. Beds, linens, pillows are awesome. Leather couches/chairs, plasma TV. Bathrooms as comfortable and stylish, amenities are great. The neighborhood is bustling, plenty of great eats, conveinent to Pikes Market, downtown, the waterfront and Seattle Center - all close walks. Neighborhood was safe, greatly so, for a large city due to the activity of cafes and restaurants. Note there is no elevator and a good set of stairs up, but the staff is very helpful. Valet parking was fine and not overly expensive or inconvenient for a city. I was greatly impressed and would make it my choice over Marriotts, Westins, Hiltons and the like for it's style and exclusive feel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>love2travel29
<Content>Viva El Gaucho!! My husband and I stayed here recently (along with 3 other couples) while we were in town for a wedding. The inn is both charming and unique, and different than what we expected. It definately has a retro feel, as evidenced by the small white tiled bathrooms, but with plenty of modern touches. While what one other reviewer said is true (about having to go up a flight a stairs), it didn't bother us or the rest of our friends. The beds were so comfortable, and we loved lounging on the leather furniture, watching our flat screen, and drinking wine out of Riedel glasses. We were given fresh chocolate chip cookies, a CD, and bottle of water at check in, which was a nice touch. We were escorted to our room and shown how each of our 4 remote controls work for different features in the room (fan, AC, stereo, TV). The staff was friendly and helpful, and the location is a short walk from Pike market. The rate of $169 (weekdays) was also much better than anything else comparable I came across in town. Try and visit the Music Experience Project by the Space Needle when in town, it's well worth the $20 entrance fee. Viva El Gaucho!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beardtours
<Content>Outstanding in all areas I booked El Gaucho on the back of this site and was not disappointed. I couldnt think of a better place to arrive after a long haul from London. One of the most comfortable beds and duvets Ive ever had the pleasure to fall into, stylish decor and room layout, very usable flat screen and bose system.A traquil oasis of harmony right in the heart of bussling Belltown. Make your visit to Seattle complete and book it!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingCple
<Content>Disappointment at El Guacho We had high hopes for our stay based on the reviews we had read on this site. However, disappointment set in upon arrival. The hotel site does not mention that the only way to access the hotel is via long steep conccrete steps and that if you arrive at a non peak hour there may not be a valet out front to help park your car or take your bags up to the room. You have to trek up to the front desk and announce your arrival to set things in motion. We booked a sound view room and found that the view is over nearby roofs and fairly limited. If we had known how poor the view was, we would not have paid the premium. The first room we were given had some sort of loud mechanical noise above. The staff was very accomodating and immediately switched us to another room. That room, although rather small, seemed fine until the next morning when we discovered that the tub drain was extremely sluggish. It was to remain that way for our entire three night stay, despite requests each day to have it repaired. The rooms are clean and well appointed, however the queen bed seems small to those of us accustomed to king beds at other better hotels. The staff is extremely friendly but were unable to meet our request for tickets to a popular show playing the weekend we were there. Dinner reservations were made efficently, but feedback was not given that they had been made unless we asked. A phone call to the room confirming them would have been a nice touch. In summary - the staff is friendly and inspires confidence but the follow through is less than good. Decent value for the money, but not a place we would return to.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	5	2	4	

<Author>PixKris
<Content>Affordable Luxury! We love the Inn at El Gaucho! The Inn at El Gaucho was everything the reviewers here promised: clean, safe, luxurious, and affordable. We were greeted by a friendly valet and directed upstairs, where we met an equally friendly receptionist. We were too early to check in, so she arranged for the bellman to take our luggage and park our car. We decided to walk down to Pike's Place Market for lunch and were pleased to find that it was only a 10-15 minute walk (though be warned--there is at least one hill to contend with!). After lunch, we returned to get our key and were escorted to our room, where we found our bags and a lovely gift bag with water, two large chocolate chip cookies, and a CD of music. Our room was spacious and had a large, soft leather loveseat, chair, and ottomon, and the bed linens were incredibly soft. The ceilings were high with a celing fan as well as AC. The only small downsides to the room were a lack of windows (we were in one of the interior rooms with one window facing the tiny atrium) and the fact that the AC was sometimes a bit noisy. However, the Bose radio and the wall-mounted plasma widescreen TV were pleasant surprises.We love boutique hotels for their attention to each individual, and we weren't disappointed. This inn only has 19 rooms, and the staff treats everyone as an honored guest. Want coffee? Call the front desk, and chilled cream is brought to you. Want a massage? That can be arranged. The only downside to this luxury is that room service comes from the critically acclaimed El Gaucho Restaurant...which was much too pricey for our budget. Luckily, there are dozens of great restuarants, cafes, and coffee shops within walking distance, so this issue never became a problem for us.I highly recommend this inn--it was by far the most affordable of the deluxe downtown hotels, and we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hutzpoffer
<Content>Wonderful Surprise I was searching online for a place to stay prior to our cruise.I came across the Inn at El Gaucho. We only stayed one night, but it turned out to be great. A room upgrade awaited us after a long plane flight. The evening lights across Puget Sound were beautiful.Attention to detail - fresh flowers, beautiful bed linens, comfy robe, etc.Our dinner at El Gaucho Restaurant was excellent. Conveniently located to Pike Street Market, waterfront, great shopping and restaurants. Definitely a little gem in a sea of hotel chains.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lmcdaniel
<Content>Great Experience! We stayed here for 4 nights total and had a great experience. The Inn was very clean, service was friendly and I would definitely reccomend this location and stay there again. This was a value! I only wish they offered King size beds and had a vending machine for cold drinks. That is the only thing I would change. This is in very close walking distance to all attractions!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Hotel Experience To Date I travel quite a bit for my work and was excited about visiting a new small boutique hotel. Especially after seeing the reviews on this site. I returned late last night and felt the urgent need to add my review as soon as possible as I was horrified by my experience and think people should know about it - especially in a city with so many other cute hotel options.We arrived at around 3PM on a Monday after driving around the block a few times as the hotel was almost completely inconspicuous. After finally finding the hotel and having to track down the valet we parked and made our way in. The valet asked if we wanted help with our luggage, which we declined since, we had very little luggage since we were only there for two nights. Quickly once we entered we realized there are two flights of stairs you have to climb in order to reach the reception/rooms (Not handicap accessible by any means). The valet came in and sniped at my associate and me 鈥渘ow that you see the stairs do you still not want any help with your luggage鈥? We thought it was a bit harsh but blew it off. We made our way to reception where we were greeted by the worst front desk manager ever! I had made the reservation over the phone and was quoted $180 for a Puget Sound View Junior Suite. When we checked in we were told the rate would be $235 and that they would not honor the previously quoted rate, even though we had our confirmation numbers. After about 20 minutes of arguing and her telling us that the entire city was sold out and that she would be happy to call some places and see about a reservation elsewhere and found that we could stay at the Westin for $259 (which has a gym, business center, 24 hr room service and mini bar 鈥?none of which El Gaucho has), she finally agreed to honor the rate we had been previously quoted. Not off to a great start and things continued to go wrong. This is a strange set up; it鈥檚 basically an 18 room Inn that has been built on the reputation of the steakhouse (El Gaucho, you might have presumed) below. It is a dark place with horrible lighting and gross orange and brown carpeting and orange walls. We could never find a valet to pick up or drop off our car. They said they were affiliated with a gym ($12/day to use) but they weren鈥檛 really sure where it was and when we went looking for it, we could not locate it at all (it鈥檚 more than 6 blocks away). On the last night I was there the toilet overflowed and there as no one the least bit capable of fixing it or even calling someone that could. I was asked on a number of occasions that night and in the morning what I had done to make this happen. The night manager told me that I would be given an additional discount for the inconvenience, as I had to switch rooms to the street side of the hotel. I then (in my pajamas) had to carry all of my stuff from one side of the hotel to the other at 11PM at night. In the morning when I checked out the same horrible front desk lady was there and actually managed to apologize about the toilet but then asked again what I had done to make it happen. When I mentioned that I had been told about the additional discount she questioned me about it and huffed at me and finally discounted it $20.00.For a hotel of this size which needs to be service oriented, this was a horrible dissapointment.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>unicornn
<Content>Redefines the meaning of hospitality I booked a stay here as a surprise trip for my boyfriend's 30th birthday, and the hotel staff went above and beyond helping me plan everything. They arranged for private car service to and from the airport, the room was decorated with rose petals when we arrived, and the staff had selected a nice bottle of Mark Ryan Wild Eyed Washington Syrah for us. They also helped us schedule an in-room massage. Everything about the stay was wonderful -- I can't say enough about the service here. The hotel was quiet, the room was huge and luxurious (flat-panel TV with a bazillion channels, 300-thread count sheets, bath products from L'Occitane, the softest robes ever, even an umbrella for the Seattle weather, Riedel stemware for the wine -- and I'm a wine fanatic, so I was very happy about this). And the decor isn't cheesy, frou-frou bed-and-breakfast/grandma's attic stuff -- it's actually very chic -- leather furniture, paint in warm orange tones, etc. I loved it. And the location was great. We didn't have a rental car, so we just walked everywhere -- the hotel is really close to Pike Place Market, the Space Needle/Seattle Center/Experience Music Project, and Pioneer Square. And there are so many restaurants within walking distance (we love Restaurant Zoe and Lola). The nightlife is a little cheesy and touristy, but there are bars in the area. Overall, I highly, highly recommend the Inn at El Gaucho. This is a fantastic hotel. Clean, luxurious, great service, convenient location.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Honeymooner04
<Content>Cozy Room at the El Guacho My husband and I stayed at the Inn at El Guacho from June 21-23, after staying at the Hyatt days before on business, I wanted a hotel in a different part of the city and one that was not part of a chain. Come to find out the Inn is under the same ownership as the Hyatt. Anyway, the room was clean and it really had a cozy home feel. My husband didn't care of the overwhelming smell of food in the lobby, which was to be expected because it's above a steakhouse. However we couldn't smell it in the room. Also you could hear the band downstairs in the Pampas Room every night till 2 or so, if you're sensitive to that, but it didn't bother us too much. Upon check in the woman at the front desk forgot to mention that for $10 we could get a continental breakfast in our room (you have to arrange this the day before), so when morning came and we were looking for food, we were directed to a local bakery (Macrina) which was great and much cheaper. Loved the gift bag, the staff was fabulous, the robes were soft, the bed was comfortable, enjoyed the flat screen TV that you could move to watch in the sitting area or in bed! Belltown is a fabulous area. Great restaurants, nightlife, boutiques, and at the Inn you're just a few blocks down from the Free Bus Ride area, but we did a lot of walking. Overall, I would highly recommend the Inn at El Guacho!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mamizs
<Content>Good, but.... Stayed there over a long weekend and I agree the service was friendly and attentive. Hotel is in a great location in Belltown, and it is located near many interesting shops and restuarants. I would give this place another try, but there were some things that could use improvement. To their credit, the staff tried to remedy my biggest complaint which was a very loud air condtioner that hissed, started, stopped, etc, every 2 to 3 minutes. When it was quickly obvious that their own maintenance staff could not fix it, they immediately called a professional who came out on that same Saturday to fix it...he kind of fixed of it, but even admitted that it was not completely right. For just under $200 bucks a night, the AC should work. Period. In addition, the toilet paper holder was falling off the wall and the remote (batteries?) died. Not all bath products were replaced and ran out of soap.Stairs are a pain to navigate, especially since you have run in and out as their no vending machines or gift shop to purchase water, snacks, etc located on the property.That's the rant. Here's the rave. Again -great location. Cool room, very different than most hotels. Nice furniture, ceiling fan (on a remote), Bose, Plasma, free wireless and nice gift bag when you arrive. Extra reading material in room (great cookbook, other Seattle information) is a nice touch as well. Extremely friendly staff.All in all, a nice stay - maybe just got a bum room, and would try again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pulaskicountytourism
<Content>Stay at El Gaucho We were so pleased we decided on the Inn at El Gaucho. Fantastic service, very clean and tastefully decorated rooms. All the employees there are very helpful and friendly. The valet team lives by their company's motto Aggressive Service The hotel recommended a driver Asmelash K Bihen - Global Connection - 206-859-1181, be sure to use his services to and from the airport and any trips you might take around the area he is super!The hotel is located on the corner of 1st and Wall, at the edge of Belltown where tons of cafe's and bars are. It can get a little noisy on the weekends but we were able to sleep just fine. You can enjoy some interesting entertainment from the window, we wished the Inn would have balconies. We would have bought wine and sat out there and watched the people all night.They are located within easy walking distance of Pike's Market, and the Needle, a litte more of a hike to Pioneer Square. They do have steps up to the Inn, but aren't that big of a deal for those in good health. The night clerk thought the continental breakfast was being fazed out but the two times we requested breakfast, we received, and it was great! So double check if they are still offering this service, so you won't be disappointed.At the end of the day, you collapse into a wonderfully comfy bed. I thought I would never say this about a hotel bed....I miss that bed!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel EVER! My husband and I stayed in one of the Belltown Junior Suites at the Inn for two days in April. Even though this room didn't have a view of the ocean, the room itself was absolutely beautiful - very clean, modern, it felt like coming home to a trendy apartment, not a hotel room. It is everything that the hotel website shows, and even more lovely!We booked on Seattle Super Saver and so for $155 + tax /nite, it was an excellent deal for the comfort we got - plasma TV, cd player, leather couches, feather duvet, bathrobes, etc, etc. And little perks like fresh tulips in the room and free bottled water and huge gourmet cookies when you arrive, were SO nice!The staff were all VERY friendly and willing to go the extra mile in whatever was necessary! And the location is excellent as well, within walking distance to many downtown attractions.We have stayed in more expensive hotels before, but no hotel has ever been as perfect as this! One thing to keep in mind is that there is only Valet parking, so that will cost a bit extra.I hope that we can definitely return again very soon! Thanks again to all the staff for such a wonderful stay!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stlrckn
<Content>The Best Stay in Seattle   showReview(5056834, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tanquerochicago
<Content>Awesome hotel despite its name   showReview(4954888, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic stay!   showReview(4825598, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mlabberton
<Content>Belltown at it's best   showReview(4442721, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gettingconfused
<Content>Fantastic Stay   showReview(4319264, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will keep going back   showReview(4243917, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lam2002
<Content>Disappointed with the lack of flexibility from the staff!!   showReview(4192627, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury!   showReview(4163523, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel   showReview(4049724, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lrontraveler
<Content>Just What I Was Looking For   showReview(3777256, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schickes, kleines Hotel in moderem Western Style   showReview(11334626, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

