<Author>DanBNash
<Content>Great experience! You can see why this hotel receives such excellent ratings. We received a great deal booking directly on the Marriott website. In addition we received 25% off a 3 night stay as Marriott rewards members. We stayed December 26,27,28, 2008. The location in the arts/warehouse district was perfect. There are many great restaurants in the area and the French Quarter is just a short walk away. This is a quieter area and the Renaissance Arts offers good sized rooms and great amenities. One of our travellers used the gym and the rooftop pool would be perfect for warmer weather. We also rented a car from Hertz a couple blocks away on Convention Center Blvd. You save the airport rental car fees and can drop the car off very easily. Sometimes a cheap rate means low-quality services but we received wine and cheese in our room and a free breakfast. This is a great option for anyone who wants a slower paced trip to New Orleans. We would definitely stay there again.DanB  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>flydive56
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Arts This hotel was suggested to me by a fellow travel agent who had posted a review on t.a. I followed up with her as I was concerned about the location not in walking distance to the quarter. The hotel is in walking distance about 10-12min and no concerns about safety even in the evening. Close enough and far enough away from the late night going on and street noise. I called the hotel the day before and asked for a large room and was given a wonderful corner room(must have been 475sqft or more) facing Lucy's retired surfers bar. The only night that there was noise ( at Lucy's ) was on arrival which was Halloween and people were out on the streets everywhere, we were staying up late as well. If you enjoy Halloween this is a great destination! Marriott brand bedding is terrific as well as nice bath products by Lather. Room was very up to date, no signs of wear and tear. Had fridge delivered to room - no charge. Kept water and wine cold. The rooftop pool-jacuzzi is an oasis. Great couches and lounging area like someone's home. Only one time did we see other people there, beautiful view of river and city as well. Getting a cab was easy and quick, doormen right there to assist with always a friendly hello or goodbye.All employee's we encountered were helpful and friendly. Management has it right at this hotel.The hotel is just beautiful overall and short walk to Magazine street shopping too.Stay here - you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>harleybonz
<Content>Class Act I don't know why this hotel is so far down in the ranking .We're trying to stay at all the high ranked hotels in New Orleans and I can tell you this one belongs up at the top.This is one of the cleanest hotels we ever stayed.Great service,clean and modern rooms.,and a hot tub and pool on the roof.Also a workout room..The location is good ,very quiet area ,not too far from the action.I would highly recommend this hotel....  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>voorheesians
<Content>Fabulous Oasis in NOLA This was my seventh visit to New Orleans, and my second stay at the Renaissance Arts Hotel on Tchoupitoulas Street. What a GREAT place to stay - clean, luxurious, and with excellent staff/service. The rooms are great size (even the standard ones). The lobby boasts ever-changing artwork and access to the Albert Ross art gallery next door. It's super-convenient to the convention center, but no-one going to conventions there seems to know about it! All the better - it truly is an oasis. It's about a 5 minute walk to the French Quarter, so you can party on Bourbon Street without having your hotel in the middle of the partying!Great roof-top pool and excellent fitness facility too.I have no complaints!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>calgaryjetgirl
<Content>Recommended - would definitely stay again We came to New Orleans for the 2008 Voodoo Festival and then stayed into the following week. We had requested an upper floor with a King bed but at check in they only had double beds available. We were advised to try the front desk the following day as people would be checking out, perhaps we could get a king bed. We ended up on the 4th floor on the Club or Concierge side. We didn't even think about trying to get in until the next morning and low and behold we had access, very pleasant surprise. This saved us buying breakfast every morning as well as providing pop and snacks in the evening. The room was an inside room as well which was very pleasant and ultimately we decided not to try and move. The housekeeping was top notch, very clean and efficient. The room itself was a good size, well decorated and clean. The only downside to our stay was the Starbucks convention that was in town. Our hotel had a large number of attendees staying and they were loud. The location was great, good restaurants in the area and quick easy walk to the quarter. I would definitely recommend the hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Almond66
<Content>A relaxing Oasis in New Orleans I travel to New Orleans a fair bit and for different reasons. When I know that having a very restful comfortable stay is important, I look forward to staying at the Renaissance Arts. It is a very clean, very modern, quiet and an incredibly relaxing hotel. I've stayed at many hotels in New Orleans 4 star upwards and this is the one hotel with the most consistent positive experience. It is walking distance to the convention center. If your goal is to party it up in the French Quarter, it might not be the place for you as its not walking distance. Otherwise, I see no downsides to staying here. Great climate control, great bathroom and amenities, very very comfortable bed. In addition, very few hotels in new Orleans are as quiet as this one.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KerryWho?
<Content>Excellent Hotel I read the reviews here prior to booking this hotel, so I had pretty high expectations. I must say that my expectations were not only met, but were exceeded. This is an excellent hotel in every way. I just can't say enough good things about it. Rather than repeat the factual descriptions contained in some of the other reviews, including vonschwind's, suffice it to say that these reviews are all true. My wife and I really enjoyed our 4-night stay here. I want to add that, in addition to professional, friendly and helpful service, this hotel is spotlessly clean, the amenities of a 5-star, but with much less expense involved. Great location in the arts district. Fine restaurants nearby. (Don't miss Bon Ton Cafe on Magazine Street a few blocks away for wonderful Cajun). Now that I found this hotel, I can't wait to come back here for another stay on my next trip to New Orleans. What a wonderful find.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vonschwind
<Content>incredible service, excellent location I stayed in the Renaissance Arts Hotel in New Orleans for 4 nights in September, 2008 while attending a conference. My stay was excellent, and the staff of this hotel were consistently helpful, friendly, and attentive.I stayed in a room with two double beds, which I shared with a colleague. We found the space ample, the beds very comfortable, the TV selection good, all needed amenities. The mini-fridge in the room was locked, and when I called the front desk, they said that they had discontinued using the ones installed in the room, but immediately offered to bring up another for us. We loved the coffee and the bath products by Lather, which were completely restocked each day. Very comfortable, soft towels also. Climate control was excellent, very efficient A/C.The location of the hotel was ideal, very close to the site of the conference I was attending (by the convention center), but significantly cheaper than the actual conference hotel (and closer to the nightlife). There is a rooftop patio and pool, where I sat to work one evening with my laptop and watched a gorgeous sunset. There are great restaurants on the same street or very close by, including Cochon (highly recommend), and also a wonderful self-serve wine bar called WINO (very highly recommend). The staff at the hotel were amazing and saved my life, practically, on several occasions. At one point, I visited the Business Center on the ground floor to print a presentation text for the conference. The printer seemed to be having issues, so I stuck my head in the business office for assistance. A wonderfully sweet and helpful woman named Erica immediately interrupted her work and came to my rescue, and using my flash drive, she printed the presentation for me on the computer in her office, all in a matter of minutes. A true lifesaver! On the morning of my departure, the Airport Shuttle failed to arrive to pick me up, and the crew at the hotel鈥檚 front desk immediately took on the responsibility of calling the Shuttle office repeatedly until they got a response, demanding that the Shuttle come back and pick me up, all so that I wouldn鈥檛 have to pay extra for a taxi. They were fantastic and made a potentially stressful situation very easy. Also, Renee at the front desk, who checked me in, was very kind, greeting me by name with a smile every morning. It has been years since I stayed in a hotel with service of this exceptional quality.I will definitely stay here when I return to New Orleans and recommend it to everyone I know. The service at the Renaissance Arts Hotel went well beyond the normal expectations of Southern hospitality鈥攊t was truly excellent.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>majik48
<Content>Nice Place To Stay In A Great Location This is a very nice clean hotel where the employees give great service. The location is good because you are between the French Quarter and Uptown.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>neworleanslady70
<Content>Looking Forward To My Next Visit In June, 2008, my family booked a mini getaway at the hotel based on a recommendation. IWe were pleasantly surprised. Though my family HATE hotels (smell, filth, etc.), we look forward to another visit. The staff was pleasant, courteous and accommodating, and the rooms and bathrooms were CLEAN. I love the all white linen. For the first time EVER, I had a restful night - comfortable bed (KING). The overall atmosphere and experience was GREAT. We were so impressed w/ the hotel, we want to visit other Marriots (JAZZ,etc.) to compare.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Ontheg0123
<Content>Perfect for the Essence Festival! Anyone attending the Essence Festival will find the majority of events within walking distance. You can enjoy the festivities and then retire to the Renaissance where it is pretty silent. I liked my room last year so much I asked for it again this year. The hotel gave me the same room-- modern, roomy, exposed brick, views and clean! Not bad for someone who travels up to 50% of the time and finds that quality rooms arent always easy to find. As well, the inside of the hotel features art works throughout, with a full art exhibit on the first floor---just beautiful! The staff is willing to help make my stay enjoyable, which is always a nice addition.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pekoUSA
<Content>Highly recommended! Got a fantastic deal through Priceline, and thoroughly enjoyed my solo stay. Hotel is a in a great location (safe, walking distance to the French Quarter etc), and absolutely gorgeously decorated with various artworks. Friendly and helpful front desk too. Rooms are on the smaller side, but very comfortable. Didn't use the exercise facilities much, but they seemed more than adequate.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Corner1002
<Content>Very Nice Hotel - Sub-par Restaurant Very nice, modern hotel. Beautiful public areas and rooms. Comfortable bed. Roof-top Pool. Great Value (we paid ~$100 per night). Pleasant, helpful staff (they provided many maps, cabs, and directions for us).We stayed at the Rennaissance Arts for 2 nights in June 2008. It was out first visit to New Orleans and the hotel was much better than we expected, bright, modern, clean, and a fairly good location.You are about 3 blocks south of St. Charles Street (and the St. Charles Street trolley car which winds through the Garden District).You are a 15 minute walk or $7 cab ride from the French Quarter, close enough to be totally convenient, yet far enough to offer a nice respite each evening.One block west of the hotel (literally 1 block, less 3 min walk) is Emeril's restaurant.Two blocks east (5 min walk) is a really cute wine bar W.I.N.O (Wine Institue of New Orleans).Two blocks south (5 min walk) is the Riverfront Dining and Shopping mall.The only sub-par feature of the hotel is that the hotel restaurant simply can't compete with NOLA cuisine. We had drinks and dessert there one evening and I think it was probably the worst bread pudding in all of New Orleans. But there are so many other places to eat in NOLA, why would you want to eat in your restaurant anyway?  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DAL504
<Content>Comfortable Room, Chic space I stayed here recently on a work trip. The hotel was pretty cool as it had a variety of art pieces throughout the location and in each of the rooms. This hotel is in the warehouse district and within walking distance to some great restaurants a coffee shop and galleries galore. Also, not too far off from the Quarter.The workout room on the top floor was nice and well apportioned and the pool (also on the top floor) had nice views of the city/river.Comfortable - but a little pricey compared to what you can get in other parts of the CBD/downtown.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FiveStarTraveler
<Content>Excellent hotel, even w/minor issues Just returned from our second trip to New Orleans and the Renaissance Arts. Since our last trip was 9 months after Katrina, we could not wait to return to enjoy the area even more.Let me begin on a positive note and say the rooms are beautifully decorated, clean and comfortable and lobby area very attractive. Staff also is very nice and accommodating. No issues with valet parking. We also choose this hotel because of it鈥檚 roof top pool which is a nice way to relax during the day and soak up the sun. The hotel is also not so close to the 鈥渁ction鈥?and in a more quiet area but within walking distance of everything. We did order from room service which was just o.k. Did order drinks from the bar to take up to the pool which were great. No complaints there. Now the negative鈥?We began the first 2 nights of our 10 day trip at the Renaissance. Immediately we noticed issues with our air conditioning and reported the problem. Were told it was fixed but when we returned later that evening it was not. The following day the same thing but were told it had been fixed. Sleeping in 70 degree weather, when you have set you鈥檙e a/c for 60 is not our idea of comfort. During the two days, all we heard was, I鈥檓 so sorry, I鈥檓 so sorry and the problem was fixed. We returned the following weekend for the last night of our trip, were upgraded to an inside suite which was nice, but truthfully how much time do you spend in your room? Unfortunately, same issue all over again, a 70 degree room with humidity. Once again, continued, I鈥檓 sorry. Doesn鈥檛 cut it when you are on vacation.Aside from that constant annoyance if you are one who prefers to sleep in cool comfort, we do love the hotel and location and would more than likely stay there again in the future if traveling back to New Orleans as all the other positives about the property outweigh our a/c issues.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GingerWestHills
<Content>Loved New Orleans with kids We loved New Orleans especially with our two children (ages 14  12). If you avoided Bourbon Street at night there are lots of fun family things to do. My son (14) thought the Tabasco Factory was great and the country store the best for tasting. The adults enjoyed the Jungle Gardens next to the factory. My daughter loved the Mari Gras museum, zoo and the shopping. We all loved the great food, music and gardens. The Renaissance Arts Hotel is in a safe, quiet area of New Orleans. About a 10-15 minute walk to the French Quarter made it a great location. Take the trolley and get there faster and in style but buy a pass do not do it the expensive way that we did by paying as we went. The hotel was pretty and unique with the art displayed around the lobby. As with other experiences with Marriott our reservations were not correct. I had called three times (I will spare you the details on why I did not trust the reservation system) for adjoining rooms鈥?confirmation. Of course when we checked in the first set of rooms were on different floors, second set across the hall, third set had two king beds (would not work with a boy and girl), we were offered a cot but not after all the Marriott points we spent to get two rooms. Finally after waiting ten minutes outside the room (the bell hop was so kind) we were placed on the concierge floor with rooms side by side. I was told on check-in that Silver Elite Member did not qualify for any services on the concierge floor but we took the rooms willing. I was uncomfortable with not having a door to check on the kids but it worked out. It was really nice to have the drinks and breakfast in the lounge with the children. Beside the confusion and aggravation on check-in the staff was very helpful and attentive. The hotel was very clean and we never had a housekeeping problem. The business center was bothersome as you could not download (even to your own jump drive) or print. The front desk staff was great and let me print from their computer. We all loved New Orleans and hope to return very soon.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	1	

<Author>ping83
<Content>All Three Couples had a Great Time! My wife and I, along with two other couples go on an annual gambling trip. This year we went to NOLA and stayed at the Rennaissance Arts! We were not dissapointed. The staff was very helpful, and the hotel was perfect. We were within walking distance to everything! The casino was about 5 minutes away, and I think we broke even! I would highly recommend the Renaissance Arts to anyone! Keep up the good work!! Stan  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lasocialworker
<Content>Fabulous Experience Excellent hotel! Wonderful for those who like the energy of New Orleans, but not the chaos of the French Quarter. Close enough for a long stroll to get there, but far enough away that you don't have to experience it if you don't want to. Excellent restaurants within walking distance and many art galleries. Will be staying at this one again!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lismatisse
<Content>Truly Spectacular       The rooftop view - with pool and spa  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>hondotank
<Content>A fine hotel! This was our first time to stay in the Arts District and we couldn't have been more pleased. This hotel, part of the Marriot chain, is a wonderful redo of a warehouse in an up and coming area of New Orleans. The hotel is set up to show off local art and it does that well, with courtyards of sculpture to beautiful blown glass lighting to the water feature in the lobby to painting on many of the walls. The carpeting was brightly colored and added to the look I would call very hip.I must say that I did book this through Priceline for under $70 so that enhances my appreciation. There are five floors total and we were on the fourth. Our room was roomy enough and had a very good bed and nice chairs. The bath, though small, was nicely appointed with a granite counter and Kohler fixtures. Everything was clean and new looking. Towels were nice and thick. There was a coffeemaker, safe and a fridge that we did not use. Internet was around $12 a day but one could use the hotel computers free in a room off the lobby. Valet parking is $28 a day but on weekends one can park at the meters around the hotel free of charge. Emerils Restaurant is 1 block away, Mothers (on Poydras) and Harrahs are 3-4 blocks and the Quarter is another 3-4 blocks beyond that. We walk a lot so that wasn't a problem. While we couldn't hear any street noise, you could hear conversations (barely) next door so I question how much insulation/soundproofing is between rooms. The elevators ran well and smoothly and one always seemed to be open and ready to go on the lobby level. There was a pool/hot tub on the roof that we didn't get to try. I also saw a fitness room on one of the floors. All and all we had a good experience at the Renaissance Arts and would recommend it to anyone and would definitely go back. One last thing, 2 blocks away there is a glass blowing studio on Magazine St. (where the lobby light fixtures were created ) that has some incredible works displayed. You can also watch glassblowers at work and I even signed up for a 2 hour glass and made a paperweight and a small vase. Very fun!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Lemora
<Content>Disappointed... On our first night at approx 5AM we were woken up by kids running, screaming and playing in the hallways - opening and shutting exit doors and running up and down the stairs. We called the front desk and they said they would send security but the noise never stopped. (Apparently there was a cheerleading competition in town and a bus full arrived in the early AM and literally took over the hotel - where were the adults that should have been monitoring them??). The noise carried on into the morning and throughout the day. We spoke with the front desk and the clerk did comp our breakfast but said nothing could be done and that 'they were leaving Sunday'. We were on this trip for our anniversary and as you can imagine this but a serious damper on it. Please note - we informed the staff that it was our anniversary and requested a quiet room long before we arrived.I understand that large groups can take over the hotel and that it isn't the hotel staffs job to monitor them but certainly they could have done more - like speak with the adult(s) in charge and let them know there were compaints of kids running wild.... Overall this ruined our day as we had little sleep and no energy to do anything. We tried to rest in the room during the day the noise and kids running literally up and down the halls was still happening. We actually ended up getting a room at a different hotel that evening rather than deal with noise and lack of sleep again. In general the walls seemed to be really thin. We could hear our neighbors TV like we were in the same room and anytime anyone above or around us showered, it sounded like they were in our room.Another issue - we had asked for a refrigerator - well in advance of our arrival. Upon check in we were told it would be brought up by housekeeping. It never was and we never heard another thing about it. Frankly, while it was the least of our concerns it was still a disappointment never to hear anything else about it.Room condition - the bathroom didn't seem entirely clean and there were actually long hairs on two of the towels and the glasses looked dirty. There was a huge black stain on the carpet near the left side of the bed. The room itself was huge and the bed  bedding were very comfy and the office chair and stuffed lounge chair were both in new condition. On the exterior it looks like a nice hotel - the lobby  room decor was certainly nice enough, however, there is more to a '4 star' hotel than dressing it up. On a positive note we enjoyed the restaurant - great food  service. And to be fair the front desk clerks were always nice enough but never offered and real solutions or went out of the way to fix the problems.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>pignacious
<Content>Loved this hotel Really did love this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again. Rooms are very tastefully decorated with art pieces and loved the exposed brick wall. There is different art in different rooms - saw my friend's room - thought that was a pretty touch. Beds are oh so comfortable.Lobby is spacoius  welcoming.Location is great - about a 10 minute walk to Bourbon street and lots happening right aournd it too. Didn't eat at the restaurant but prices seemed okay for a hotel restaurant  food looked really good. Bar was fun.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>canmark
<Content>Professional and stylish stay       Exterior of the hotel  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Vaca08
<Content>need some customer service education The location of this hotel is perfect if you are do not want the added expense of renting a car. There was a club room on our floor with a complimentary breakfast that we enjoyed the first day there. The second day, we were told we were not entitled to it and that we had to Leave Now. No explanation, no attempt to find out the cost and add it to our room ,just OUT in mid mouthful! I had to call the front desk to because at 3pm our room was not yet cleaned , and I was asked it I had the do not disturb sign on my door. No attempt to apologize for the poor service. The staff filling the towel cabinet for the pool had a boom box playing loud hip hop music on completely drowning out the pleasant sound of the jazz coming from the speakers. Our room was average, our floor was very quiet, the carpet and bedding were a little stained. Not really a 4 star hotel in my opinion.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>alonsocyn
<Content>Winner!!!! My boyfriend and I booked a last minute hotel room in New Orleans through Priceline.com. We were traveling from Houston to Tennessee and decided t o stop in New Orleans for a little gambling so we only needed to sleep for a few hours. We got a great deal and where definitely surprised by the hotel. The hotel's decor was very trendy sort of boutiquey and the rooms are spacious, another perk - the hotel smells clean. The location is away from the center of the French Quarter but only a short walking distance away. The hotel is located in the Warehouse/Art district - the chic area in New Orleans, here you'll find trendy bars and pubs, and I'm sure other interesting stores. We didn't have much time but we plan on going back and checking this area out. You won't find victorian furniture or golden decor but it's worth the price.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>matt5217
<Content>Funky And Artsy Warehouse District Hotel We were in town for a family event. My sister in law picked this hotel for all of us based on proximity to the Children's Museum and its amenities. It's been recently renovated and has a cool hipness unlike a typical Marriott hotel. It feels more like a small independent boutique hotel, or a Klimpton property. Our reception was warm and friendly, the rooms are average sized but very nicely outfitted and the location is great if you want to be centrally located, but in a quiet location. I would stay here again if my budget permitted.We also had a dinner for about 50 in the restaurant. While the food was decent, they obviously struggled to provide banquet style service in the a la carte service area.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	-1	5	4	-1	

<Author>sightsnsounds
<Content>enjoyed the Renaissance Arts       King room  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ant0725
<Content>Nice features, but careless cleaning Looks very nice, fun artwork, nice lobby. Close enough to walk to the French Quarter, Bourbon Street, etc. Marginal cleaning: I noticed after about 3 days that the glasses were being rinsed out and placed back on the shelf! Same with the coffee cups. I use cream  sugar - I noticed sugar residue on the cup after housekeeping had cleaned. Yuck. I stayed 6 nights - and the sheets were never changed - although I change sheets once/week at home. Guest services very responsive: I had a slow draining tub, a burnt out light bulb - these were fixed quickly. The front desk goofed up on my reservation (right dates via e-mail, wrong dates at the desk) and it took perseverance on my part to ensure I did get a room. I was initially told the hotel was booked and I'd have to move to another hotel for a couple nights out of the 6 nights I had reserved. Other than the cleaning problem - which is a big deal to me - the hotel was nice. Beds very comfortable.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>LaurenTraveler
<Content>Under-Whelmed: Didn't Live Up to the Hype When we made our reservation in July for a November stay, we requested the largest possible room with 2 beds. Once we arrived, we were escorted to a room that left a lot to be desired.The carpet was dull  stained  was rolling up in areas. There were nasty stains on both the duvet cover and the sheets. The room was geared for a handicap guest, which we are not. This meant a shorter vanity  a shower with a fold-down bench  hand-held nozzle (you couldn't get under the water hands-free).We requested a move and were given a regular room, with a regular shower, that was much cleaner without sacrificing much space. The room size was very impressive; important when you're sharing a room.Other Issues: The door didn't lock on our 2nd room; something that we didn't immediately notice. It was fixed promptly, but shouldn't have been an issue in the first place.The gold carpet, in every room that we saw is very worn, shabby  in need of replacement. The room decor is very modern  minimalist which didn't appeal to my travel companion. I like modern furnishings, but didn't find the hotel decorated to a 4-star level. Example: There was a large round table in front of the elevators on our floor  it was screaming for a flower arrangement, vase or piece of art. It looked odd because it was bare. As a matter of fact, there were no flowers displayed anywhere in this hotel. It is NOT a luxuriously appointed property, by any stretch of the imagination. For nearly $300/night, I expected more.We had a concierge level package and weren't very impressed with the offerings in the club room. The evening appetizers were limited  nothing special. The breakfast was a simple continental spread. Just OK. We did have access to sodas  bottled water, which was nice. We expected a concierge to be visible  available, but the desk was empty during our 5-day stay. The front desk staff was a mixed bag. We were not greeted warmly at all. Several staff members were friendly  accomodating  others displayed a complete lack of concern  enthusiasm. Example: When we switched rooms, we were not offered assistance (my traveling companion is elderly).The valet parking is over-priced at $28/day, but the valet staff were consistently nice  helpful to us  the service was fast  efficient.Don't expect Bath  Body Works toiletries. They are Lather products  are just OK.Our experience with the hotel restaurant/bar was very good. You must try their signature french toast for breakfast. It's wonderful!The location is perfect to access many things, but we found the walk to the French Quarter a bit far. Instead, we caught the trolley near the convention center (fun).I had high expectations after reading reviews on this site, but must say that I was disappointed  under-whelmed.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>joshlufsgirl
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Arts This property was a really lovely place for us to come back after a crazy day of shopping on magazine street, drinking on Bourbon, seeing live music on Frenchman, or tromping around with Bloody Mary in city park. The front desk manager, Jared, was wonderful, and after hearing we were down there for my bachelorette-upgraded us to a suite. Our suite was gorgeously appointed with two bathrooms (!!!!which is a MUST for three girls all trying to get ready at the same time!!!!) and a view overlooking the interior courtyard.I did however peek into the normal rooms, and they were awesome as well, with brick walls and huge floor-to-ceiling windows.the pool on the roof was fantastic...we snuck into it LATE one evening (early next morning) and sat in the hottub chatting about how wonderful our little getaway was.I cannot wait to return to new orleans-and thankfully my job as a travel agent affords me the opportunity to do so...-kelly  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aaronfn
<Content>Superb Stay Myself and my partner stayed at the Renaissance Arts Hotel in the last week of Sep 07 and loved it. I would give this hotel 4.5 stars but if pushed it was nearer a 5 than a 4. We picked the hotel based upon the trip adviser reviews (including comfort of bed), price, room size. The beds were amazingly comfortable and the rooms an excellent size. The hotel was very spacious and clean. The bar area was superb. People were often down there just talking to each other and enjoying drinks. We ate a couple of times at the adjoining restaurant (LaC么te Brasserie). This was due to exhaustion from travelling. Having read some reviews on here we were not expecting much, so were blown away. The shrimp starter was out of this world. For a main we ordered the steak and it is probably one of the tastiest and best cooked steaks I have had. We ate and ordered after recommendations from other satisfied customers.Location wise, we enjoyed it. There are restaurants such as Emeril's, Cochon, Mulate's, Rio Mar all 2 minutes walking distance. There are also other highly regarded restaurants such as La Boca, Restaurant August within easy walking distance. Lucy's a great bar is opposite the hotel and especially good before a Saints game. The bar as discussed previously is lively and friendly, especially the bar man Bruce. Other close amenities include the aquarium, riverwalk shopping mall, Harrah's casino, Magazine Street and the streetcar from outside the Hilton (and Drago's restaurant for their charbroiled oysters) to the French Market in the French Quarter.The only slight negative for this hotel is if you wish to spend your entire holiday in the French Quarter (which would be a mistake anyway). The French Quarter and Bourbon Street are about 15 minutes walking distance but if you walk there and back daily as well as round the City it can become quite tiresome on the feet. Taxis however are only around 拢2 and even with a tip 拢3 isn't going to break the bank. Donald Trump has bought a site round the corner from The Renaissance Arts and the casino is round there so you're not in a location isolated from the centreWe were weighing up 2 hotels in New Orleans. The other didn't have a roof top pool. I would say that is an essential. There were a few hours a day when we just wanted to relax and enjoy the sun. It was very hot and humid so some relaxing time in the sun with a breeze was heaven. I will be returning to New Orleans next year and will book the Renaissance again  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ontheincline
<Content>Attractive and convenient Good value and nice artwork. The carpet in the hallways was overkill, and the lack of fresh air was a minor problem, but I otherwise had a great stay. Very helpful and pleasant staff.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>panama0520
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed here for one night on 9/1/07.The lobby is very nice, I love the contemporary art pieces in the lobby. Check in was easy, the clerk was nice but not overly friendly. Our room was 417, and it faced Girod St. It's a cozy room, bed was very comfortable, I loved the bathroom decor (black and white).We had room service, the food was very good (we had the kobe burger and garden salad). It took less than 20 min to get our food. Price was typical of room service.Valet parking- $28. We didn't use our truck while we were there, thankfully because it took 30 min for them to bring us our truck when we were ready to leave.We ended up forgetting something in our room (face plate for our truck radio) and it ended up lost. Apparently whoever stripped the bed also went in the drawer where we had put it, took it, and they didn't turn it in to the lost and found. Security got involved, and we filed a report. Everyone was very nice and apologized to us several times. We don't think it will turn up, but at least they took the time to look in the room several times and question the housekeeping staff, and follow procedure.Overall this is a great hotel. It is removed from the FQ, but we didn't mind the walk (I was wearing heels too). We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>SignalK
<Content>Nice Hotel but Pricey The Renaissance Arts is a beautiful hotel with artwork abounding, as the name would imply. The rooms were clean and comfortable, if nothing out of the ordinary, but the beds and bedding were particularly cozy. Room features and hotel amenities were fairly standard for a hotel of this caliber. Location is convenient to the French Quarter. One nice plus is the pool and hot tub located on the roof. There is lots to choose from in New Orleans right now, however, and I would stay here again only if the price is right, as it was this time.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>4vrongo
<Content>good hotel every time We have stayed at this hotel several times over the last two years taking our son to and from Tulane. It has always been a pleasant stay and the rooms and facilities exemplary. This past week our son was moving into an apt. for the first time and it wasn't ready but the hotel was able to accommodate changing our rooms at the last minute and were extremely pleasant about it. I think this is one of the better places to stay in New Orleans. We have stayed at several hotels and even though it is not as convenient for us as other hotels we still prefer to stay here. The french toast is extremely good.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>chiefy29
<Content>Great hotel with boutique feel Loved the Renaissance Arts! I agree with the other reviews and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit New Orleans but not stay in the busy French Quarter. I wanted to add a few other things that have not been mentioned. We stayed over a long weekend and there was plenty of street parking available. There was also a $12/day parking lot less than 2 blocks away. Just be aware that it's not $12 for 24 hours, but $12 until 6am the next day. So there were options available other than the $28/day hotel parking. Maybe it's harder to use those options during the week or in busier times of the year - I don't know for sure.The staff was great, but oddly enough we never saw a concierge during our trip. We usually like to rely on the concierge for recommnedations/information and missed having one available.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>FHSmathteacher
<Content>Very Nice Hotel! I was in town with my husband for a conference. This hotel is beautiful, the bed is very comfortable, and the staff was extremely helpful. This hotel was within walking distance to almost everything... convention center, Riverwalk, Bourbon Street, the French Market... we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RickyC
<Content>Superb Stay Just returned from New Orleans attending a conference at the Convention Center. Fortunately, my school district booked us at the Rennaissance Arts, which turned out to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.The rooms are very spacious, and my king-sized bed made me feel like just that--a king! The bed had really high-quality sheets. a duvet and a comforter and had about 6 pillows. Plenty of closet space and a large bathroom with a great shower and nice bath supplies. One of the best features of the hotel is the central location. You can get to the Riverwalk and Convention Center on foot in 5 minutes or the French Quarter in about 10-15 minutes.We found the restaurant to be wonderful, albeit a bit pricey, and the bartenders mixed some great cocktails.All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel for business travelers or anyone who wants to have a great, relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>smitty2305
<Content>Excellent experience I travel to New Orleans regularly on business and this will be my first choice from now on. Courteous and attentive service from the moment I pulled up to valet. Very clean room and above average workout facility. Rooftop pool and hot tub was a nice touch - good view of the city for a 5 story builiding. Since I travel alone, I usually eat at the bar - experience was great there too; try the Kobe Beef Burger. Walking distance to casino and riverfront as well; this hotel is total package.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nikless
<Content>Beautiful hotel, very luxurious We just returned from New Orleans. The Renaissance Arts was beautiful, the rooms were very clean and comfortable, and the service was great. I truly felt indulged with the wonderful linens, comfortable bed, and all the personal amenities in the room. Only disappointment was no free internet. It didn't really matter for this trip since it was pure pleasure. Guess that just goes to show you shouldn't go to New Orleans with work on your mind - only pleasure!Hats Off To All Who Are Working To Rebuild This Beautiful City And The Great Hospitality You Offer In The Face Of Everything!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>naturboy20
<Content>Great Location, OK Service at the Renaissance Arts Hotel The Renaissance Arts Hotel (RAH) has a great location. You are only blocks from everything you could need (outside of the French Quarter). I stayed here for business one night and was surprised at the activity on the streets for a Wednesday evening. The hotel is 2 blocks north of Emerils and the blocks between are lined with resturaunts.The lobby is different in that it is covered in unique art (Chihuly, etc.) and this gives it a unique feel. It also seemed that most of the guests at the hotel were younger for the class of hotel and seemed to be in their late 20's, early 30's.The only things I have to complain about is that parking is via valet only ($28/night) and the staff seemed inexperienced and not that inviting.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>stlfan
<Content>The best in New Orleans Recently stayed at the Renaissance Arts Hotel for business. One of the best hotels I have ever seen. My sister had stayed several years ago and spoke very highly of the hotel. The artwork in the lobby by Dale Chihuly is stunning. Throughout the hotel you will find whimsical, original pieces of art. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable with great decor. The hotel restaurant, LaCote offered great wine and fine food. Quiet location, not too far from the French Quarter. I highly recommend for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aerofl
<Content>great boutique hotel outside the French Quarter My husband and I spent three nights at the Renaissance Arts Hotel in March. We were in town for a convention and chose not to stay in the mega convention hotel with the rest of our group. We looked on TA for a hotel located between the Convention Center and the French Quarter with some charm and character, more of a boutique hotel style. The trip from the airport was about 20 minutes and te drive had no difficulty locating the hotel on Tchoupitoulas St. Upon entering the lobby, we were impressed by the artwork everywhere - Dale Chihuly light fixtures, a gallery of artwork past the front desk, a sculpture garden - it all gave you a great first impression. Check-in was quick, efficient and friendly and we were on our way to our room on the second floor within a few short minutes.The room was relatively large by city hotel standards. Very high ceilings with exposed brick walls and a view over Tchoupitoulas St. below. Thought we might have a noise problem from the street, but it was whisper quiet in our room the whole stay. The room was well furnished - Marriott's great Revive bed with luxurious linen, plenty of pillow, an overstuffed chair with ottoman and side table, work desk with task chair, armoir with TV, etc. There was a charge for internet access - I believe hotels should just include that fee in the room price (even if they can then call it free). The armoire had a refrigerator that was tagged not for use (it must have been a former minibar), but we were able to obtain a key and use it quite adequately as a wine cooler.The bathroom was a bit small, but wellequiped - plentiful, lush towels, a nice selection of toiletries, good water pressure and plenty of water. A real hairdryer with plenty of power.Although housekeepng kept the room spotlessly clean, the one morning I requested a specific cleaning time while shopping in the French Quarter was not honored. When I returned and spoke to the Front Desk, they assured me it would be done within the hour and they would come into the rsstaurant to tell me it was finished. Room was cleaned, but no one told me.The restaurant itself (La Cote Brasserie) has a few issues. I though it was pretty ordinary for a hotel restaurant - decent enough food with a nod to New Orleans specialties, but slow waitstaff even on a quiet day. Also, they need to pay more attention to details - cleared table with napkins left on the floor, smashed potato chips under tables, smeared, dirty window overlooking the street.We thought the staff was trying very hard to meet our needs. The Concierge wasn't available most of our stay, so we dealt with the Front Desk employees mostly. Sent me to a spectacular needlepoint shop in the French Quarter, though couldn't seem to order a cab one night (snagged our own around the corner).Love that New Orleans is coming back, though it will be a long journey. Would recommend this hotel to friends and family - close enough to the French Quarter for a pleasant stroll, far enough away from the craziness. It really is a charming hotel, the management just need to pay a bit more attention to details.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Wootie
<Content>Great hotel, horrible restaurant We stayed at the Renaissance Arts hotel from March 15-18th. The hotel is wonderful. The rooms are huge, clean and well equipped. The bathroom was clean and big as well. The hotel was very stylish and our room was whisper quiet.I loved the location--it's just a couple blocks from great restaurances like Tommys, August, Lucy's. The walk to the French quarter was easy. We had gorgeous weather. The hotel arranged taxis for us, greeted us like valued guests. Great place.The hotel restaurant is awful, though. Bot the food and service were really bad. But there are so many great places to eat around there that it doesn't matter.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>AirportRat
<Content>A Really Nice Hotel We stayed at the Renaissance Arts hotel during our week-long stay in New Orleans last December. The hotel was a bit far from the French Quarter, but the walk is totally manageable. We ran into a few panhandlers when we crossed Canal, but they weren't too aggressive. The beds at the Renaissance were very comfortable, the room was quiet, and the gym provides free towels. The only negatives I would mention are the valet-only parking fees, which seemed a bit steep if you're not on a corporate account, and their charge for Internet access. The valet parking attendants themselves were great and we really appreciated their help in giving directions, but we wish the costs were a bit lower. Overall, a great stay.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcdato
<Content>FANTASTIC Stay in New Orleans We stayed for Mardi Gras 2007; as a seasoned MG veteran, I chose this hotel primarily for location and its easy access to Uptown New Orleans. Someone looking for quick access to Bourbon should look elsewhere; however, the walk is easy and totally safe.The rooms and bedding are completely plush and comfortable and the decor impeccable. The lobby and restaurant/bar are chic and beautiful!My party and I cannot say enough about the truly wonderful staff of this hotel! All were totally professional, friendly and extremely helpful!THIS IS A GREAT STAY! I personally guarantee it!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hill38
<Content>What a hotel should be-clean, pretty and well-attended I went to Renaissance Arts during the Essence festival a few years ago. The staff helped us with all the little extras: getting extra towels, a wake-up call, hailing a cab and making dinner reservations. Rooms were clean and spacious. Loved the design and the layout. I would definitely stay here again. Also, IIRC, it's just a few hazy blocks over to Mother's Restaurant, where I had some of the most hearty and yummy breakfasts ever. (Hope it's still open!)  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>macnalex26
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Horrible Management As a Marriott Platinum member, I am accustomed to my stays at Marriott's hotels (Renaissance is owned by Marriott) being exceptionally good. This hotel's decor is stunning, the rooms are well-appointed and spacious, and the bedding is Marriott's newest and like sleeping in a cloud. The hotel has a small number of suites, and I stayed in one of these for most of my stay. Compared to the standard guest room, the suites are certainly more spacious, particularly the bathrooms, but if you are looking for elegant or luxurious, the suites are simply not so. Unless you get an automatic upgrade, don't waste the money. I have ranked this hotel so low because the management made my experience here terrible. The two-faced way in which they deal with their guests is shocking, and I discovered that the details of my account were discussed among the staff and other guests. My privacy was violated by this hotel in the worst ways, so if you are a business traveler or confidentiality is of importance to you, this hotel cares little for your privacy. And the management seems to encourage this conduct. Beautiful hotel, but needs a new staff.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>haji
<Content>Very nice hotel         
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>Lesleyandy
<Content>First Class Stay! We just got back from a convention in New Orleans and had a fabulous stay at the Renissance Arts! We stayed based on excellent Tripadvisor reviews that were 100% on the money! The location was ideal as it is a 10 minute walk to the Convention Center, close to several museums and the St. Charles Streetcar line, and a 15 minute walk to the French Quarter. We liked being able to come back to a neighborhood that was lively, but more relaxed and quiet than the craziness of the French Quarter!This hotel had the atmosphere of a boutique hotel with artsy modern design and furniture. The rooms are big and we felt very relaxed with ample amenities. Tall windows faced the street, making the room airy and bright. The bed was comfortable with soft linen. The bathroom is small but well designed with plenty of counter space (nice smelling shampoo and lotion too!). The staff was friendly and super helpful. At the hotel (and all around New Orleans) there was plenty of Southern hospitality and we were told more than once by employees that they were appreciative of the desperately needed business tourists bring to this recovering city.We had a tasty breakfast and delicious snacks in the La Cote Brasserie on the hotel's first floor which is much better than a typical hotel eatery. Mother's, famous for po' boys was two blocks away where we had a huge southern style breakfast and tasty sandwich lunch. Red Fish Grill (casual, moderate$) and G.W. Fin's (dressy, $$ but worth every penny) are within walking distance in the French Quarter. Both had excellent seafood and great service.In all, highly recommended for great location and accomodations.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Taffeta
<Content>Wonderful hotel! I hadn't been to the Warehouse Arts district of New Orleans for several years. It becomes more and more interesting with art galleries, restaurants, and wonderful hotels - especially the Renaissance Arts. My luggage was lost on the way to N.O., and the hotel staff could not have been more helpful in giving me as many necessary items as they could, in directing me to the nearest Walgreens to buy more, and in doing all they could to make the stay as pleasant as possible. I didn't get my luggage until only a day before leaving, but was not too concerned about it, partly due to the efforts of the hotel staff to ensure my comfort.The room was extra wide and roomy for one person. All fixtures and equipment worked well. The cotton robe was very much appreciated! The bed was very comfortable. The hotel was quiet -- my room looked out on an internal atrium, not on the street. The hotel restaurant was excellent -- the creme brulee is recommended for dessert. It was one of the best I've tasted.The Renaissance Arts is just a few blocks from the French Quarter, Canal Street, the Convention Center, and the Mississippi River. It is in a converted warehouse, and the renovation must be fairly recent because everything looks very new and clean. There is modern artwork hanging all over, and some beautiful glass chandeliers in the lobby that look like they could have been designed by Dale Chihuly.Overall, this is one of the best hotel stays I've experienced in a long time. I hope to stay there in the future, when my luggage is not lost. It would then be perfect!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended The Renaissance Arts Hotel has greatly exceeded my expectations. Excellent staff, well trained, and plenty of them. The restaurant is terrific and since it isn't listed in my conference's restaurant guide, I've told all my friends. Great food, great service, reasonable prices. Rooms are excellent, good climate control, zero street noise. Nice health facilities. Easy location for walking to the French Quarter, riverfront, or convention center.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brooklynlibrarian
<Content>A Warehouse District Gem! This was my first trip to New Orleans after Katrina. I wasn't sure what to expect but the Renaissance Arts is back in business providing an extremely pleasant home-away-from-home. It's just a few blocks from the Conference Center, close to the Central Business District and walking distance to Canal St. and the French Quarter. I'm a woman and felt confident walking to the hotel each night.This is the place if you like contemporary design and furniture. The linens on the comfortable bed are good, the room and public areas are decorated with original art and there's sculpture in the covered courtyard. The in-room safe is great, the bathroom is small but perfect and cotton robes hang in the closet. There are bright carpets in the public spaces that put a smile on your face.The staff was welcoming and helpful with everything from wake-up calls and taxi arrangements to being just plain friendly to tired travelers.Two elevators never allow more than a minute's wait. (I never realized how much time I spent waiting for hotel elevators.)The restaurant is many cuts about the normal chain hotel restaurant. The French toast and the coffee were lovely and the same price as the big hotels. There are many great restaurants in New Orleans but if you're in a hurry in the morning or just want to come back to the comfort of your hotel after a busy day you can eat well here.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, Comfortable, Quiet, Heaven! My wife, 7-year-old and I stayed here right after they opened. It quickly became my favorite hotel in New Orleans. Far enough away from the Vieux Carre to be quiet at night, but close enought to walk to the quarter along the levee. I was worried there wouldn't be enough nearby for kids, but we were amazed -- we could walk to the Aquarium, the mall along the river, watch glass blowing at the art glass shop, the Holocost memorial...we were plenty busy.The room was a great size, beautifully appointed, even wonderful art in the bathroom! I especially liked the safe which was free to use, big enough to hold my laptop plus jewelry, passports, etc.Not to be missed are the art glass chandelliers by Dale Chiluly in the lobby. They are spectacular!I have worried about this hotel since Hurricane Katrina struck. My wife and I have already decided that the minute they reopen, we're booking another trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hurricane Katrina My husband and I were there on Sat 8/27/05 to 8/28/05. The hotel staff including the hotel manager were very kind and understanding. They helped us evacuate by limo to Memphis Tenn. Just 10 hours before all chaos broke out. I hope now they all were safe and thier homes aren't destroyed. I pray for them daily as they were as scarred as we were. God bless the Big Easy. Beautiful hotel with wonderful art work. Great customer skills and compassion. I'll be back one day!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a place! I booked this room via the internet on a name your own price type of site for about $110 per night. I was asked to speak at a convention, but had to pay my own way. Due to budget cuts in my department, I was told I could go if I kept it really cheap. Have you priced the hotels in New Orleans? Most run $225 per night.This hotel was in a great location. A 7 minute walk to the convention center and the French Quarter. I felt completely at ease walking by myself, even at dusk. The room was spacious, clean, well appointed, and functional. You can slide a laptop into the room safe with ease.There were several resturaunts in the area (many famous for their local dishes). I was, unfortunately, unable to sample the resturaunt in the hotel.Most importantly, despite what you hear about hotel staff treating guests that book thru discount sites differently, I was happy to find the staff always very helpful. Directions and maps were provided when I asked a general question. And when a housekeeper walking in the hall noticed that I was struggling to open my door with laptop and purse, she offered to help.Should I find myself in New Orleans again, this is where I'll stay!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Allan Anderson
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Experience! My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance Arts Hotel from 30 July-01 August, 2005. This was our second visit to New Orleans and a 50th birthday (gift) surprise for my wife. On our previous visit, we stayed at the Windsor Court and was very pleased with that hotel and service. After reading the reviews and the high ranking of the Renaissance Arts Hotel, I decided to give it a try. I must admitt that I was a little apprehensive after having such a possitive experience at the Windsor. This quickly disappeared the moment we entered the hotel. The hotel is beautiful, the hotel staff out standing, and the entire facility immaculate! The rooms are spotless, and the bed was unbelievable. It was the most comfortable bed that we have ever slept on. My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas recently, and the Renaissance Arts bed was superior. While the bathroom was a little on the small side, It was more than adequate. Again, spotless and clean! Also the insulation was superb. The extra thickness of the double pane windows virtually eliminated any outside noise. The hotel provides concierge service and a well trained, helpful, and polite front desk staff.The location of this hotel is perfect. It's just a few blocks from everything. We walked to the French Quarter, and attended Mass in the beautiful St. Louis Cathedral. It's an easy walk to the Aquarium, Riverwalk Mall, Riverboat Cruises, Canal Street, Convention Center, etc. If waking is not your thing, take the Canal and/or St. Charles Streetcars. There are convient pickup/drop off sites along the routes and it's only $1.25!I'm currently planning our 28th wedding anniversary this fall for another stay at the Renaissance Arts Hotel. If there is vacancy/availability, the Renaissance will now to be my first choice when visiting New Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tomay
<Content>above avg- no more no less- just returned from a 3 night stay- i will rate stay at above average but just barely-hotel nice. lobby clean, front desk helpful, pool and hot tub on roof clean- too open though need some foliage up there (rooftop)- if you go you will see what i mean- rooms again fairly clean, i am just not particularly impressed- i really expected more- i've stayed in other places in this price renage and even lower where i felt i had a better experience-again nothing to really complain about- just didn't meet my expectations- and there are a whole lot of choices in new orleans- nothing at renaissance arts hotel has me feeling like i would make an effort to go back  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RendezvousSpot
<Content>Excellent Hotel My friends and I stayed at the Renaissance Arts Hotel for 3 days during the Essence Music Festival. I wanted to stay at The W, but it was booked by the time I was able to get everyone to agree to go to the Festival. I was thoroughly impressed by the hotel. During our stay I visited the other hotels in the area and they were so congested that it was hard to even get into your room and some you had to show your room key just to get in. I think that this was and excellent choice of hotel because of the location, cleanliness, staff support, and less confusion. The only gripe we had was that the restaurant was not the best. Mrs. Carter and Q helped us with our every need and did not once give us an ugly look as to we were getting on their nerves. If you are looking for a quiet non-congested hotel in walking distance to the hustle and bustle of the BIG EASY this is the hotel for you. I will most definitely will stay here next year.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel Our four-night stay at the Renaissance Arts Hotel in the Warehouse District in May couldn't have been better. The hotel, a delightfully refurbished warehouse, is gorgeous with its clean, sleek lines and amazing art work throughout. Our room was first-class in decor, cleanliness, wonderfully comfy beds and extras to pamper us. Service was friendly and impeccable, from desk staff to valets to restaurant and bar staff.We've stayed in some great hotels over the years and the Arts Hotel ranks among the very best. And, best of all, we stayed there at the shockingly affordable internet-special rate of $79 per night, plus $25 for parking.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Crankee
<Content>Second stay as good as the first Stayed at the Renaissance Arts May 27-30, and found this stay to be every bit as pleasant as my December visit. The staff is accommodating and professional. Yes, it is a walk from this hotel to the FQ, so if you plan on making the FQ your focal point and don't like to walk, I would suggest something closer to Canal or in the FQ. As mentioned in another review, the streets are deserted late at night so I advise taking a taxi.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated. It is true that the lobby  public areas are beautifully designed and filled with great contemporary art. If I could do it again, I would visit the lobby  stay somewhere else. Three reasons- I was surprised to find a spacious, pleasant room with a worn  soiled carpet. Not only soiled, but inadequately vacuumed, judging by the scattered wee bits of debris. I'd have forgiven all if only the room had been cleaned properly the following day. But, when I returned to my room the next evening, there was the same popcorn kernal next to my bed, and the same bits of dirt elsewhere. That just doesn't cut it. Second, I had booked Concierge Level for a Thursday  Friday night stay. No one bothered to tell me when I made my reservation, or when I checked in, that there are no Concierge services from noon on Friday to noon on Saturday. So - no hors d'ouevres or bar access, no breakfast, no club access. What then was I paying for, and more importantly, couldn't someone have mentioned this? They did remove the charge but only when I happened to find out by chance and contested the Friday charge. Lastly, the hotel is a very long walk from the French Quarter, in a quiet part of the Warehouse District, and the streets become quite deserted at night, which was unsettling. On a positive note, I must say that the staff was very professional and pleasant.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trav05
<Content>Nice hotel Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights, paid for the concierge level room which gives access to the lounge with goodies and beverages. Had requested 2 dbl beds, but was given a king bedrm suite with a pullout sofa. Also, had to return to the front desk to have room key recoded since it would not work on lounge door which I had paid for. Breakfast at the restaurant was expensive, but good. Rooms were quiet and clean. Hotel staff was accomodating and pleasant. Tommy's restaurant (1 block away) has good food and better prices and variety. Overrall a good stay and I would return.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulously Hip! This hotel had everything we wanted while staying in New Orleans. Not too close to the action, but close enough to feel in the mix. Rooms are as nice (or nicer!!) as the W or the Monaco at HALF the price. Rooftop pool and jacuzzi couldn't have been better--soaking under the stars was gorgeous. Staff was courteous and helpful and room service was actually GOOD!! There is a fabulous sculpture gallery inside the hotel which is an interesting bonus and if you're there on a Saturday, there is an adorable farmer's market every Saturday morning around the corner from the hotel. Perfect!! We will defintely make this our New Orleans hotel from here on out. Thank you Renaissance Arts!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Slothrop
<Content>Comfortable and attractive Just came back from a trip to the Jazzfest; my family (2 adults, 2 12 year olds) stayed at the Renaissance Arts. Very nice, comfortable, attractive hotel. The first night we were given a room with windows on an interior atrium, not so nice; we asked to be moved to a room with exterior windows and that was no problem -- much better room. The rooms were slightly smaller than standard, but still fine. Nice furnishings, art on the walls, etc. Rooftop swimming pool was very pleasant. (The hottub, though, was at best lukewarm.) Had a late meal one night in the hotel restaurant which was excellent. One bad experience was that my daughter's swimsuit was mistakenly taken by the housekeeping staff and apparently thrown away; the hotel has agreed, however, to reimburse us for it. -- It's a bit of a walk to the French Quarter, but not too bad. One can also walk about 4 blocks to a trolley stop.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FrenchQuarterFestFan
<Content>Great hotel but not close! Stayed at the Renaissance for April 8-11th during the French Quarter Festival. The hotel is very clean and comfortable, and the staff is very helpful. But . . . altho' we enjoy walking, this hotel is a bit far from The French Quarter; once you've walked all day at the Festival and through The Quarter, it's a hike to get back to the hotel. We also found it too far to walk back, rest awhile, then want to walk back to the Quarter. We attend the Festival every year, and altho' this hotel is great, we will stay closer to the action next year.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Amazing The Renaissance Arts Hotel in New Orleans is amazing. I just returned from a 3 night stay (4/2-4/5) with my girlfriend and we had a terrific time. I usually hate art, but the hotel is beautifully decorated with great pieces of art all over and it has a very cutting edge yet homey feel to it. Everything from the lobby to the hotel rooms is impeccably clean. The customer service is amazing - every staff person was very courteous and helpful. They called twice just to make sure everything was all right. One morning we slept very late (read hungover) and they noticed our do not disturb light on and called at 2pm to see if we needed towels and offered to make up the room at 5pm when the next shift came in, but actually cleaned the whole room by 3pm.This trip was a mixture of business and pleasure and the location of the hotel was perfect. The entrance to the Ernst Morial Convention Center is a pleasant 5-7 minute stroll from the hotel and the French Quarter is an equally pleasant 10-12 minute walk. The neighborhood around the hotel was very safe during the day and night. There is also a really nice rooftop deck and pool that we lounged out at (there's jazz continuously playing from the speakers up there).A particularly great deal was the breakfast. We reserved the room through Marriott and paid an extra $10/night for the breakfast rate. When we came to breakfast each morning, we were allowed to order ANYTHING on the menu. So we basically had a $30 breakfast each morning for $10.Overall, this hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed at and if I come to New Orleans again, I will look no place else!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brdyboop
<Content>I found my Home in New Orleans! This hotel will always be my choice when I stay in New Orleans. It is 5 Star Hotel for a 3 Star price. The rooms are beautiful, clean and colorful. The people who work there are so helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet on Easter Sunday was lovely and the food every other day downstaris was excellent. We always had someone to arrange a cab, offer suggestions for resturants, help with anything we needed. If you love New Orleans, this place will only make you love it more!! Ill never bother to look elsewhere!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a treat I recently stayed at this hotel while at a conference in NOLA. I had a great, quiet room with an amazingly comfortable bed. Rooms are nicely furnished and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. The location is quite good, being convenient to both the convention center and the french quarter. I would definitely stay here again. 5 stars!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!!! We stayed at the Renaissance Arts Hotel during Spring Break, 2005. The hotel is lovely, eclectic and funky, the perfect mixture of comfort and fun!The property has a boutique feel to it, while being large enough to accomodate both business and leisure travelers. Everywhere you look is art from both local and regional artists, and art is even incorporated into the fixtures (such as the chandeliers in the lobby) and even the carpet! The customer service is impeccable! They met our every need and then some. You call for an item and they immediately being it to you. They even helped me with directions twice and I didn't even ask--they saw me standing in the lobby with a map and they approached me. It reminded me of the customer service at Disney World. The rooms are colorful and beautiful, there is art in your room and even the bathroom. Very clean and we had a nice view of the art gardens. Stay here, it's great!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!!!!! This hotel was great. I got two free nights that harrahs gave me. It had a very colorfull and unique hotel decor. Very nice hotel staff and the cute bellman helped our lost friends on the phone find their hotel. The rooms are so cool and super comfortable with down(I think down) comforts. We loved our stay and we be back even if its not free.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Change of Pace Stayed at the Arts Hotel during the first week of March and must say that I was pleasantly surprised with my stay. Only a short walk from the French Quarter and close to Harrah's.We ate at the restaurant twice (breakfast was average, but dinner was very nice). Hotel staff were pleasant and helpful. Small pool and workout area, but loved the art work and tasteful decor.I would recommend and stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in NOLA - close to the action, but not too close! Boutique hotel, with the service and amenities of Marriot - just outside the French Quarter. Nicely decorated, quiet rooms. Great pool. One of the best restaurants - attracting both locals and tourists. There is always a lot of walking in New Orleans and staying at the Arts does add to this. But the hotel is close to the French Quarter, the streetcar lines, Canal Place and Riverwalk. What more can you ask for. You won't find any musty rooms nor problems with creature comforts here (i.e. water, etc.). Friendly and helpful staff - tip use the concierge to book hard to get restaurant reservations! We will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pharmco
<Content>Good hotel, a few issues We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in March. The hotel is very nice inside with a very hip and new style. The service was very good and the staff was friendly. The rooms were nicely styled even though some of the furniture is Marriott corporate standard. The rooms have high ceilings and are very quiet. There are some good resturants very near. Check out Tommy's next door for great Italian food with supurb service and atmosphere. Also, Emeril's and Mother's are a block away. Now for the issues. On a Saturday night the large and very hip looking bar was full. Normally a good thing, but I only saw 3 wait staff there and obviously the service was bad. Worse was I didn't get the drink I ordered and my girlfiend's drink was almost undrinkable. So you need to go out to get a good drink. Who cares, it's New Orleans right? Well, it is a walk to the Quarter. My GF and I are athletic but everytime we would pass Canal St. we would wish we were staying somewhere closer. Also the resturant is pretty fancy so we ate all our meals out as well. So the very nice inside was wasted on us other than the room. If you like a unique hotel with great privacy and LOVE to walk this is the hotel for you! With all the nice hotels between this one and the Quarter I know I will stay somewhere closer next time.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel out of French Quarter Had a very nice two night stay at the Renaissance. It was my first time staying outside of the French Quarter and was pleased to find that the hotel was so conveniently located. The artwork was interesting as was the funky room decor. Was a little disappointed that the cleaning staff didn't come by my room until late in the afternoon, however. About a block from Emeril's, which is always a plus.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>Very nice hotel Very nice hotel, away from the noise and crowds. Beautiful artwork and gallery in the lobby. Restaurant was also quite good. Room, however, was just average. A good choice if you want to be away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LovetoVacation2
<Content>Wonderful Place To Stay Stayed at this hotel December 28 thru December 31st, 2004. Absolutely beautiful hotel. Art work is wonderful. Staff is very helpful and courteous. Will definitely stay there again. Great location as well.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding!!! I can't say enough about this hotel and I travel often. Quiet location, great lobby and bar area inside. Cleanliness was outstanding. Pool and hot tub on the roof was very relaxing and modern. The view from the hot tub was awesome as you are surrounded by sky-scrapers. You are 5-10 minutes away from all the hustle and bustle walking which is what we wanted. Staff was outstanding. I will stay there again in a heartbeat as I checked out the Hilton/Doubletree/Marriott and they are no where near this hotel in terms of cleanliness and updated facilities.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mid_West_Traveler
<Content>Renaissance Arts is an Excellent Hotel I recently stayed 5 nights at the Renaissance Arts hotel. The hotel is beautiful, comfortable, and quiet. The restaurant is also excellent. I liked the location because it was about a 10 minute walk to Canal Street and the French Quarter and about a 5 minute walk to the St. Charles Avenue Street Car. It's close enough to be convenient but far enough to insulate you from the noise and crowds. The staff was very polite and professional. My room was spacious, beautifully appointed, and very clean. I checked into other hotels in the area and some of them were considerably more expensive and really didn't offer that much more in terms of ammenities. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. I would, however, recommend that you request a king room. The rooms with two queen beds were just a little cramped.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful, relaxing stay I stayed in the Renaissance Arts Hotel for four evenings on a business trip. While the hotel isn't located right in the middle of the action, it is in a funky warehouse district with quaint restaurants and newly renovated condos. The french quarter, Burbon St., and other downtown locations are all within walking distance.When we entered the lobby, the first thing I noticed was all of the beautiful art. The chandeliers are amazing, and art abounds throughout the hotel. The staff was very friendly during our stay. Our room was spacious and had a balcony that overlooked the atrium and art in the lower level. The bathroom had a large mirror and wonderful shower. The bed was also outfitted with nice linens, three down pillows and two down comforters. I loved the modern decor of the hotel. It was minimalist but felt welcoming and cozy. The electronic do not disturb signs, which you could turn on without opening the door, and the doorbell were fun and useful.The only negatives to this hotel were its exercise facilities and pool. The pool is very small, though it is located on the rooftop, which allows for a nice view. The gym, while well stocked with machines and fresh water, was not well maintained, as a few of the machines were broken. Everything in the gym, including the attached locker rooms, however, was very clean.Overall, my stay at the Renaissance Arts was one of my best. You'll appreciate the fun and stylish decor and the friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SBagley
<Content>Incredible Place, Wonderful Food!! Everything about our stay here was 5 stars. My husband and I travel quite a bit and stayed at another hotel that was highly rated by travel guides on our last trip to New Orleans. We were sorely disappointed. This time we used TripAdvisor as our guide and were extremely pleased with our choice of the Renaissance Arts hotel. Our room was very well appointed with attention to every detail. The bed was a cloud. The service was impeccable and each employee was professional and helpful. The best of everything though was the dinners. The restaurants chef is incredible. It is honestly some of the best food we have had anywhere. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New Orleans and looking for the best of the best!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>enzopdoodle
<Content>A fantastic hotel Comfortable room, great bathroom, terry robe to relax in, good room service, excellent restaurant, and helpful staff. I like a comfortable, no-hassle hotel on business trips, and I definitely found one.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice change of pace Having been in New Orleans before, I've had some experience with surly hotel staff, poor service, etc, that's all too common there. None of that happened here. I made my reservations directly with the hotel and got a rate competitive with any of the internet services. Pulling up in the taxi, I wasn't sure of the neighborhood, because a couple of the buildings in the area are run-down. But the hotel itself is as advertised, an off-the-wall collection of arts I probably can't pronounce. The staff was friendly and helpful, the room service for breakfast was punctual, and the bar service was good. The room was clean, well-decorated, and while it was a bit cozy on open floor space, so what? I don't visit New Orleans to run laps of my room. My only beefs are that the mini-bar is (as usual) waaaaay overpriced, and that the doors could use a bit better soundproofing. Minor stuff. I think I've found my regular NOLA abode.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel - foul food... Good hotel. Nice location in the Arts District - easy walk to French Quarter and River. Open plan 'atrium' style... Average, fair-sized, colorful rooms... Friendly service... Comparatively quiet area... They charge for braodband access! Eat elsewhere and don't bother with the Marriott 'dining' package - in-hotel brasserie food was absolutely horrific without a single redeeming feature...  
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadaMatt
<Content>Renaissance is fantastic place to stay... The lobby was fanstastic with their chandaliers, the service at the attached restaurant was spectucular (We went for breakfast one morning).We also ordered room service breakfast and the food was good. The staff were friendly and helpful, even managing to call back a taxi that took off with one of our wallets accidently left behind in the backseat. The concierge went above and beyond with lots of helpful directions, maps and travel tips on how to get around town. The rooms themselves were very nice and clean and BIG. My only complaint is that the inroom coffee/tea maker should have included other necessities (milk/sugar). As well, there's a two doors between each room -- this unfortunately means you can hear everything happening in the neighbouring room, even the TV at a normal volume. No one kept me awake at night, but the possibility is definitely there.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RueStPeter718
<Content>Service Concerns... Our 'regular' was booked, so based on reviews here, and having the Marriott Rewards membership, we booked The Arts for 2 nights. The hotel itself has a fun and funky atmosphere, and the location was fine if you don't feel the need to be in the dead heat of the action (which we don't). Our problems began when we got to our room. The set up of the corner rooms makes for an acoustic nightmare when doors are opened and closed. Worse, though: the carpet was moist  meaty. When I phoned guest services in hopes that it was just cleaned, they told me that they showed no record of such. Immediate freak out--Get your shoes back on! This IS New Orleans, after all--if I'm stepping in something wet, I want to know what it is! LOL We waited, with no luck, for 20 minutes for a call-back with room re-assignment. At that point I went out into the hall and found the housekeeping supervisor, who told me they had indeed recently (that day) cleaned the carpet in our room. We phoned guest services back and told them we'd stay where we were. Then the billing nightmare...they split our bill between my husband and myself into TWO SEPERATE BILLS. One (mine) on the card presented to them at check-in, which is a business account I am not listed on, and the other (his) on a card only used to hold the internet reservation at marriott website, NEVER presented at the hotel, and the only bill presenting with the Marriott Rewards number, which is under MY name. We were charged multiple occupancy taxes...just a huge mess. When I approached the front desk clerk very early in the a.m. to avoid the 'rush', she looked right at me and told me 'we always split husband and wife accounts into 2 seperate bills'. PUH-LEASE!! Translation? 'I don't want to take the time to help you'. She also told me she'd need either the one card never presented (which we didn't even have and they had NO authorization to ever place charges on, unless we 'no-showed'...scary) to credit the account, or I'd need to wake my husband for his card. All wrong, wrong, wrong. I had to phone Renaissance International, who of course, assured me this silliness was not common practice, and my credit card, and then my husband had to spend some time with the manager later that morning rectifying the whole mess. I understand that mistakes are made. Hey, life happens! What I can't get past is staff that would be dishonest rather than taking the time to help a guest.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden Paradise!!! Greatest Hotel Stay Ever!!! This was just the greatest hotel ever. We stayed here for 2 nights 4/01 - 4/03. Let me just tell you that we went around the block 3 times before we saw the hotel. You have to be looking at the signs on the door because there is not a large sign showing the way. The valet Edie was just wonderful he was there our entire stay. And Michael the bellhop was just as nice. We went on priceline a week before the trip because I refuse to pay $200 a night. I got this hotel room for $60 a night. I was kinda skeptical because of the location. But let me tell you it was a safe neighborhood and a short walking distance to the aquarium and the riverwalk mall. I did drive my car to the zoo the next day and let me tell you we got lost for about an hour trying to find our way back. I wished we had took the bus to the zoo. But anyway back to the hotel the place was a work of art we stayed on the 3rd floor wonderful room. Clean and had plenty of towels. Most hotels you have to beg for more. Room service promised that they would deliver in 30 minutes. Belive it because it was always less that time. This is a five story building and on the 5th floor is the pool and fitness room. They were just wonderful. There is art all around the inside of the hotel. The 2nd floor had a lounge area that could be seen from our window. It was decorated in all kinds of wonderful art. You just got to see this place to believe. All I can say is you can go wrong staying here. Everyone is friendly and go out of thier way to please you.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My wife and I give the Arts hotel 4 thumbs up! Do not let the previous reviewer Hate the Arts dissuade you from staying here. This was a TOP NOTCH hotel. The staff was great, the rooms were immaculate, and there should be no concern about the neighborhood. My wife and I are around 30, and we had no problems walking to the Aquarium, Casino, French Quarter etc. If you REALLY need to be close enough to Bourbon Street to stumble there at all hours, you can find closer. However, you won't do better than the arts! Some notes: request a corner room if you can, you'll get 4 huge windows and a very sizeable room! Valet parking is $23 a day, so if you are able to walk without much pain, walking beats having a car here. My wife and I used the car twice in a weeklong stay! Always get the address and phone number of anyplace the concierce gives you! Cab drivers won't know locations, but they will know addresses. Enjoy New Orleans!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow!! I'll be back!!   showReview(1717884, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Had A Better Stay   showReview(1714283, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(1687933, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>judi666
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(1681724, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Refreshing   showReview(1648244, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hate the Renaissance Arts   showReview(1562437, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CelticCruiser
<Content>You'll LOVE this place!   showReview(1527118, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Let the good times roll...   showReview(1445215, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Choice   showReview(1395150, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TomAndre
<Content>Stylish, Unpretentiouus, Comfortable   showReview(1272967, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorstenR
<Content>Gutes Preis- Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(17309478, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis- Leistung- Verh盲ltnis   showReview(17445038, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Passt   showReview(16604916, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

