<Author>ulladulla
<Content>Great Service Great Club lounge 24/12 to 26/12 and 27/12 to 29/12 Great service from Ben  Nick  The staff made for a perfect Christmas stay the Hilton. I may not be the easiest customer according to my wife but when a customer requests something from a staff member it is because this is what he would like to satisfy his wants and needs. The Hilton staff are more attuned to this and well trained and just that level above the other five star hotels in Sydney. Great pool, huge spa, two steam rooms two saunas massive Gym Valet check in  luggage to and from the room each time professional courteous happy great superior service as I asked the bell boy on boxing day upon check out if he enjoyed working at the Hilton he said he loved it and it showed.The staff in the executive lounge where Welcoming Friendly Polite Professional. Good quality of food at the Hilton lounge made in house. The lounge is where we had the most contact and this service is what sets you far above others. Well done indeed.The quality of children meals on the room service menu is again the best as it should be little things the presentation chocolates warm bread rolls attention to detail the whole room service dinning package is so well done. I don鈥檛 know why we have never stayed at the Hilton in Sydney before but I am sure we will see you again very soon  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicocut17
<Content>Good hotel The hilton was a great hotel. It's located in the Central Business District (CBD) and is about a 10 minute walk to Darling harbor, probably 20 down to circular quay, but I bused that! It's what you would expect from the Hilton. Nice clean, modern rooms. Nothing spectacular, but will please. Food was good. We ordered both breakfast and dinner once. It's huge, lots of rooms so if you're looking for something smaller and more intimate try something else. If you're staying for business, you can't beat the location. I'm from a city where all you do is mass transit and walk so 10-40 minute walks on nice days don't bother me!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lee168
<Content>location location location stayed here for 5 nights during christmast, really loved this place, the location is second to none, really strategic. Loved the aquavision in the bathroom , and really recommend to anyone to eat in the glass braserrie, great restaurant, however very pricey, cost AU $ 200 dollar for two person. However this hotel is lacking in small details, such as toothbrush is not provided in my room, and the room services is a bit slow ( room for improvement here ). Would definitly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>howhardwasthis
<Content>gotta love the gym Other reviews have covered the room, the food etc. I want to add that the hilton has the best health club I have come across on my business trips. The latest in exercise machines, good selection of free weights and best of all, access to group fitness classes.This alone makes this hotel worth a return visit.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ellesappelle
<Content>Do not recommend This might be fine for business travelers who have platinum Hilton cards and get special treatment but for the rest of us, this is not an experience to pay for.The problems began when I arrived to check in at 10am after traveling 18+ hours from NY. The check-in agent told me check-in was at 3pm therefore my room would not be free till then. When I told her of my request upon booking for early check-in, she responded with great irritation that the hotel is under no obligation to give me a room until 3pm. It's at this moment that any respectful front desk employee would make a phone call, try to ring housekeeping, do anything to give the guest the impression she is trying to make an effort. Nothing.Next was the argument over trying to get bag tags as a receipt that I'd left four bags with my valuables in their possession until 3pm check in. No, the hotel keeps the tags she insisted. I tried to explain it was customary in all hotels around the world that hotels and guests kept records of bag tags as proof in the event of lost or misplaced luggage. Recognizing her passive aggressive tone and unwillingness to work with me, I proceeded to make the same request of a bell boy who gave me bag tags without an issue. I was free to wander the streets of Sydney for the next 5 hours...When 3pm rolled around we went up to our room which was tiny and not really worth the wait. The sink was broken and maintenance was called. Hours later they still hadn't come and told me they had no record of my original request.Internet is $29.99 a day. Come on! This is 2008-- build it into the room rate but don't offend me by asking for an extra $30. This might be something the business travelers pay because their corporations foot the bill but even they should find it outrageous.The hotel had an event on the Saturday night I stayed that made that evening especially uncomfortable. Upon returning from a movie at 12:30am, we could not physically walk into the hotel. The entrance and driveway was totally blocked by drunk party revelers who were in various stages of disarray. Once we pushed our way in, we ended up in an elevator with more of these party guests. One was jumping up and down in the elevator ride, hazing other guests in the elevator and screaming. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude, I go to parties, drink and have fun, but I do not behave like an animal like these people did. When we told the hotel about the experience upon checkout they handed us a questionnaire to fill out. Given how it felt to be a guest at the Sydney Hilton, I have a hunch my complaint will fall into the cracks of the corporate system.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>mobogo
<Content>Typical Hilton My wife and I stayed at this newly refurbished hotel for only 1 night as we had a function to attend in one of the many meeting/ball rooms on the property. The hotel itself is a well established hotel in the heart of Sydney and walking distance from any part of the central city area. The main entrance is from Pitt Street, and as we drove there we used the parking garage below. $30 for overnight.Reception is fairly small but open and does have a kiosk but on our check-in the staff were very slow. 15 minutes standing there.We were located on the 42nd floor, standard room. This was very clean and new, good bathroom and shower with separate bath. Toiletries were 1st class. Room was a little on the small side, but good bed and flat TV (with bad reception). Overall a good but not great comfortable hotel. It also has the famous (in Sydney anyway) Marble Bar which is most impressive in it's art decadence and the Zeta Bar which is one of the most popular nightclubs in town, although staying at the hotel doesn't give you any advantage over the queue that streaches the length of the property. Breakfast is the usual buffet affair which is quite nice but expensive.Oh, and the function and the room it was in was great, including the food and drinks.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	1	3	3	

<Author>steveofcanberra
<Content>5th visit and will return for a 6th I have stayed at the Hilton in Sydney many times while visiting family in Sydney and will return many times again. I continue to return for 3 reasons.1. This place has the BEST breakfast you can imagine. They have EVERYTHING! Ive stayed at many 5 star hotels and nothing has come close to the selection and outstanding service you receive. (make sure you get breakfast included in your booking)2. The rooms. Although sometimes perhaps small, they are extremely clean  comfortable. Nice plasma TV screens, really confortable beds and funky modern bathrooms. Those who complained about the bathrooms in other reviews should gain some appreciation for modern living.3. Service. Overall service is outstanding, including the magic button in the room and helpfullness of reception and the friendly staff at the front door.I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. Absolutly fantastic!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spinner8
<Content>Good enough Readers may wish to know that I am a diamond card holder with the Hilton group (which gives me upgrades). Furthermore my wife and I are fairly well travelled and neither of us will see 50 years old again.This hotel is more of a businessperson's resting place than a traveller's. The bedrooms are small and any more than 1 suitcase becomes a problem in terms of hanging space and space in the room for case storage. The bathroom is , for me, bizarre : built of frosted glass it affords no privacy or discretion, but the shower cubicle is great. Sound insulation to the outside of the bedroom is not brilliant , and you will hear doors slam.The hotel is well located in one of the main city centre roads and is close to most things. The outstanding Victoria shopping centre is immediately opposite, Darling Harbour is a 10 minute walk and Circular Quay,the Botanical Gardens and the Opera house about a 20 minute walk. The hotel has a really good, large gym and spa with regular classes for men and women, including a dedicated spinning room. The breakfast room is good with a reasonably good variety of food. Zeta's bar is a magnet for the young , and Saturday night is quite simply a parade of beautiful girls in refined clothing waiting to pay AUS 40 just to get in.The Executive Club room is ok, but gets very crowded at happy hour time and the food variety is boring.The general service level is high (but not in a Hong Kong way) and the Concierge desk is well managed.Would I stay there again? Difficult to beat the location, but I would want more bedoom space and a discreet loo !!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>40ish
<Content>Loved The Sydney Hilton Great location, clean, quiet and prompt check in and check out.Looked after us very well  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Professor44
<Content>Not So Great I was there one night on business and was given a king relaxation room. The room was next to the service elevator area so I heard noise. Also noise from closing doors. Mostly, the room was weird--the bathroom was sort of integrated into the room. Also, even on the 41st floor, with single-glazed windows you could hear the street. Hotel was crowded and does not have enough elevators. Only one restaurant, and that is very expensive. The hotel is well-located and the room I was in had been redone. Service was pretty good. I suspect it is quite expensive and for the money, you can probably do better in Sydney. Not nearly as good as some other luxury hotels in Sydney.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jessejones
<Content>Executively Fabulous My Partner and I spent 3 days 2 night at the Executive Suite. It was Fantastic. At first I was a bit worry after reading so many bad reviews. But they were all wrong. The Executive Suite we stayed in was magnificent. The staff at the front counter and the concierge were very friendly and was willing to have out luggage checked in first before the check in time at 3pm. When we arrived into out suite, we found our luggage nice placed in the room. It was spacious and gorgeous. The bed was so comfortable and the pillow was as soft as the cloud. We had full access to the Executive Lounge and the service was even better.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fobmark
<Content>great business hotel If you are trying to mix biz trip with tours,this is the hotel for you.A room was quite small but acceptable.Try to book a room with an executive lounge pass.Go get free drinks between 6-8:30 if you happento be staying at the Hilton on Thursday and Friday.I was happy with my bar experience there as I was too tired to drag my feet to go to a bar outside of hotel.Would definately stay here again for biz trip.But for honeymooners, I recommend Park Hyattand for family trips, try hotels at Darling Harbor.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>morehu
<Content>great stay Morehu n.z. we had a great stay here at the Hilton, check in smooth although reception forgot to give free vouchers for Marble Bar ,loved the magic button on the phone to ask questions about anything you needed friendly service from the staff loved the Hilton breakfast although toast and doughnut selection too far away from the rest of the other breakfast foods. The fridge is connected to reception so as soon as you lift a drink it is charged to your account.Also I found the reception desk staff had unbecoming uniforms both in colour and design quite morbid .  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>T-A-UK
<Content>Great Breakfast A group of four of us stayed at the Hilton in Sydney in early November. The rooms while small (which wasn't a problem as we were never in our room) were nicely furnished and the bed was very comfortable. The only odd thing was the light switches which were hidden away. The bathroom was very small and had a odd layout, shower and a tiny bath, they would have been better off getting rid of the bath and just having a shower.Our room included breakfast which I would have to say is probably the best breakfast spread I have ever seen. In a large room there is everything from freshly squeezed juice, egg bar and then a large display of breads and pastries. The room was large and will lit and the staff were excellent.The only downside is entering the hotel later in the evening. There are two night clubs in the hotel and as the main doors are locked at night you need to walk through the night club crowds to enter the hotel. Which is not what you would expect from a hotel of this callibre.The check in staff were lovely, but the rest were pretty distracted. We got the impression they were there to hang out rather than to work. We were very surprised when we were told that not only had they lost one of the keys to our car but that they had lost our car as well! Luckily they found them eventually but once again not what you would expect. This was followed up by being told that they had lost two of our bags and could we please describe them. Turns out when they went back and had a closer look they found the bags.Overall it was a nice hotel, I am glad that we got a good price and the breakfast was amazing. However if it was a choice between staying here or spending the same money at the Radisson I would probably stay at the Radisson.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Nannaw
<Content>Wonderful Sydney hotel in perfect location. Just had a great week at this Hotel. Could not fault it. The location is perfect - taking the train from airport we disembarked at Town Hall and followed directions to George Street exit where we found we were just a few metres for the Hotel. Being so close to rail and monorail was a boon but we also walked around Darling Harbour and down to the Rocks area . Myers and Davis Jones were around the corner and at breakfast we looked directly into the centre facade of that lovely Queen Victoria building!Our executive club room was very new, with every mod con and well serviced daily. The club lounge had the best food we have ever had in a club lounge and the Glass Brassiere where we had breakfast had the very best selection of breakfast cuisine we have ever experienced in any 5 star hotel or luxury cruise shipBut the icing on the cake was the exceptionally friendly staff and the faultless service. We were sorry to leave at the end of the week and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ellemay
<Content>Heart of the City.       Hilton Hotel Sydney - room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicx
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed at the Sydney Hilton for a conference weekend, and overall the entire stay was fantastic.It is extremely classy, everything being refurbished and remodelled recently. The service was great, however a little more warmth with the front reception staff wouldn't go astray!We had room service one evening, the service, value and food being excellent. The buffet breakfast is an absolute MUST, get in early to get a table with a fabulous view of George St. Will be back.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ChicTraveller88
<Content>Best sleep-in of my life We booked as a Secret deal on Wotif and got the place for $189 a night. I would stay here again just for the Pillows, they were AMAZING. Also the black-out curtains mean you can sleep in undisturbed and in darkness until whatever time you please!Its a very central location and within walking distance to the train station which takes about 20min to the airport.The staff are very proffessional.Good for a getaway weekend, not so much for business as the glass wall between the bedroom and the shower is opaque and casts detailed shadows as you shower!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>bmhnz
<Content>Great modern central city hotel Well located clean, modern hotel. Fantastic staff all very friendly and helpful. The glass brasserie is a great spot for breakfast, a glass of wine or main meal. All the brasserie staff could not have been more helpful and friendly and i was very impressed with the trouble a certain staff member went to to help an elderly man select his buffet breakfast. The check out staff were not remotely interested in the fact that my Hilton Honors card had expired, he really could not be bothered offering any suggestions as to what I might do and I was reminded that I would not accrue any points given I had booked online with Wotif.com. This was the only disappointing experience.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Basawake
<Content>The most perfect business hotel For my work I sleep in many hotels all over the world. This is one of the greatest places I've ever been. It's near Hyde-park and the Operahouse (10 min. walk). It's absolutely city Centre.The rooms are modern (nice bathroom, LCD flatscreen etc...). Even the minibar is connected to the reception. You take a coke out of it and 10 min later you allready get a bill. Some probebly don't like the fast billing, but for me it's one way to say: We have thought about everything.The gym is perfect, it's big and very various and clean. The shower in the gym is excellent for a fresh-up during a late check-out.Allthough the breakfast is not very cheap (in fact the hotel it self isn't al all, but than again witch Hilton is.....) the breakfast area is absolutely various and there is space and choise enough.They have put some time in all the design in the hotel.For me this is one of the greatest places to stay.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Converted-lifestyler
<Content>A Hilton break We stayed 3 nights here on an interstate jaunt. I chose it because 1 night was paid for by business and we decided to make a weekend of it and paid for 2 extra nights. The internet price was very reasonable compared to some other 5 star hotels.The hotel's had a recent makeover, a massive makeover apparently. Our room was smallish but very comfortable and what you'd expect from a Hilton hotel. The decor followed the current minimalist fashion - lots of white and glass everywhere, with a large timber bedhead to add some warmth. Lovely huge comfortable bed. But when will interior designers in this country be a little more adventurous and do something off the main page? There was a glass desk and chaise lounge so perhaps that was the design break out.The hotel service was excellent and the health club had great facilities, very spacious unlike some hotels which cram their gym into a pokey basement or other area. We enjoyed the pool which had saunas and steam baths and was not over fussy.We ate breakfast at the cafe in the foyer area, fine for coffee and muffins. Good helpful service there and nicely casual. The foyer is massive with about 3 mezzanines and a giant metal sculpture which twirled up through a couple of the mezzanine levels. My brother referred to it as the giant poo, and after that I was unable to regard it as anything else! It did bear a resemblance. Also I noticed a pleasant aroma wafting around the foyer, always there and always the same (and same as their Crabtree and Evelyn bathroom products) so I suppose the Hilton must have been pumping perfume through the vents somewhere.A couple of niggles. The telephone system, called Magic (for some reason, who knows why because it was infuriating not magic at all) made it complicated to call reception. You had to press a screen and half the time it didn't work properly. I didn't read the instruction booklet, but what's the point of a phone that you need an instruction book for? Dial 0 would've been good. The other thing was the TV/movie remote didn't work very well. This may've been because the batteries were running down, I don't know but we had a few frustrating moments trying to change and find channels.Oh and the elevator's numbering system!! It's hard to read the numbers which are laid out horizontally and were differently displayed in different lifts! Guests usually commented on it as they got in the lift, as it seemed to be a common problem finding the correct floor number! There was a panel with a vertical (more usual) layout but these were also hard to read and there was something about their layout which didn't flow.Apart from that we enjoyed our stay - great location in the centre of Sydney and close to transport and everything you'd want to visit. And check out the lovely old Marble Bar, underneath the hotel if you stay there.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JasonFSydney
<Content>Big Reputation with Major issues in every department Stayed for 4 nights but decided to cut my losses after 3 nights.My review is as honest as i see it, some people might have different experiences but i am a guy who spends approx 50-60 nights per year in hotel rooms and expect quality service for what i pay for.Good Points* excellent executive lounge, free drinks for 2 hours at night and free internet (3 terminals) staff were nice and different to everyone else in the hotel.* Room service was quick and fast, tasty club sandwich.* Great location right in the middle of sydney* Glass Brasserie has 100's of wines to choose from* Gym is top notch with spa, sauna, steam roomsBad Points* Checked in, staff seemed not interested and bored, didn't seem to care if i was a a Hilton Honours member or not. * Porters seemed confused and i had to prompt them to get my bags from the car.* Asked for Newspaper got nothing, had to call for a paper 2 days in a row. * Rooms are very small, properly the smallest i have ever come across in any Hilton globally. * Hallways smelled of bad odour not sure what the problem was?* Went to the Zeta bar for a drink, Spent $179 on 1 round of drinks than was told we had to leave due to a private function. Bar Staff did not make me aware of this when i walked in and were happy to take my money than made a group of 5 feel uncomfortable by telling us we had to leave.* Zeta bar and Marble bar seems to be externally managed by another group of people. To get access to these bars you have to exit the hotel and than line up with everyone else. I felt i was treated like a second class citizen, asking me for proof that i was staying at the hotel and cross examining me on what bars i go to in Sydney was disgraceful. I found out later that it was the manager's birthday and he had the entire place booked from 9pm onwards. Not sure what is more important, the Hilton's customers or and employees birthday. I ended up going to the Ivy down the road.*Went to book a massage and was told they were fully booked for the next 5 days, staff made no effort to fit us in. I assume they are managed by an external company too. * The beds feel like 2 single beds put together, seem cheap to me. I stay at the Hilton in Perth and Melbourne and have a different experience in these hotels, there beds are excellent and 5 star.To sum it up i think you can find better hotels offering bigger rooms and less headaches.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	-1	1	2	3	

<Author>BrightonandHove
<Content>Central location Great central location, ideal for my 9 year old daughter and I. Room small but clean. Staff really friendly. Breakfast looked impressive, but food poor. Would recommend (not sure about 5 star though).  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr-Big-Cat
<Content>Great Business Hotel The Hilton is a great modern hotel in the heart of Sydney's CBD. We stayed on the 33th floor in a deluxe room. The room was quite small but I found it to be an acceptable size. The room is nice and modern and minimalistic, which I like. Same for the bathroom. Minibar is one of those automatic ones where you get charged if the bottle moves one inch, however it states they will bring a second fridge up for you if you wish to store your own items in there. Location is perfect. Right in the CBD. Entrance off George and Pitt street. 5 minute walk to Darling Harbor, 10 minutes to circular quay.Staff are all great; door/reception/house keeping. Breakfast was a bit up and down when we were there, sometimes great, other times just ok - service was always excellent though. Health club is first class, great facilities - everything you need. Do yourself a favor and head down to the Marble Bar in the basement. Its one of the best bars I've been to, nice and relax, looks great - not open Sunday. Overall a great hotel with great service. Perfect for the business traveler.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robbowan
<Content>Great potential, small flaws This review is a bit overdue but I really think the Hilton has managed to refurbish the hotel tastefully. Great rooms - the windows are what they are due to design - although the bathroom felt a bit old in comparison.In general the beds were great and the room more than adequate. Some question marks about housekeeping as we found old coffee grounds in the plunger and half a bottlle of mineral water in the fridge.Staff was helpful although the Concierge promised a little more than he should have.The Glass Brasserie not to shabby. On the first visit I found the set meny quite unexciting (although well prepared) but was a bit annoyed they didn't have the wine I was looking for and suggested a wine of the same grape variety but with a very different character.On the second visit the food, wine and service was great. I have no complaints really.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Aviron
<Content>Good, but with reservations       View from the 42nd floor  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>oc629
<Content>I stay here every business trip to Sydney I'm an HHonors member so stay in Hilton's all over, but this is my favorite. (Tokyo Hilton in Shinjuku is a close second.) I try to book it every business trip to Sydney.Minimalist modern rooms; motorized blinds, glass bathroom, flat screen TV. This appeals to me but might not be everyone's taste. Some earlier reviews describe this as sterile and I can see that some people might see it that way.Location is good for business and holiday; close to Town Hall train station, walk to downtown area, Darling Harbor or Circular Quay.I can use the executive lounge which serves complimentary cooked and continental breakfasts, snacks and drinks during the day until late.Comprehensive gym in the basement. Zeta bar is a good place to invite colleagues for a night out - long lines on Friday night so it's popular with the locals as well.A friend with an assistance dog shared the room last stay. The Hilton accepted this without any drama; one staff in the exec lounge was at first unaware of the hotel policy on assistance dogs; one cleaning woman seemed to be terrified of the dog, otherwise Pema quickly become a favorite with the other hotel guests. Seems people are i) surprised and delighted to see a dog in the lift ii) perhaps missing their own pets.We asked a lot of the staff during the week and they graciously accommodated every request. Professional and personable.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>col5353
<Content>Glad we didnt have to pay for this hotel accom We were put up at the Syd Hilton by Qantas after they cancelled our flight to the USA during the engineers strike at the end of June 08.The service by the checkin staff was great, the room small but ok. The bathroom had a broken door, getting room service meals took 2 hrs, on complaining to the duty manager he said 2 hours was optimisitic. The following morning there was no hot water!Other pax checking in at QF that morning said their meals took 3 hours, and also no hot water.I'd suggest staying there only if they werent full.Location is great, and its looks ok.But overall I'm glad I didnt pay to stay there.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	5	2	5	1	-1	

<Author>Li_Li
<Content>Disappointing My husband and I stayed here last weekend for a night, just to get away. I had booked on the hotel website and I assumed from all the press and descriptions that the whole hotel had been renovated. Not so! The room that I had booked was apparently a Guestroom which meant that it was refurbished but the bathroom was not renovated. Also, though I booked a King room, they gave me a tiny room with a double bed. The website was very misleading (and I do extensive research before I commit to a booking). I would not have booked to stay at the Hilton if I had known that I wasn't getting one of the new rooms. Anyway, after several conversations with reception, they eventually put us in a renovated room, which I believe is the Deluxe room. If they had not done so, it would have been an extremely disappointing stay. The hotel itself is very minimalist (which I normally like) but it was quite cold in atmosphere. The lobby and cafe are not very inviting. The health club is pretty good - a big pool and spa and 2 saunas and 2 steam rooms. However, the whole atmosphere of the hotel did not feel 5-star. The best part of the stay was the buffet breakfast at the Glass Brasserie. Highlights were chef cooked-to-order omelettes, a juice bar, very good expresso coffees to order, a large variety of breads and pastries, the atmosphere and view.I would not stay here again but would consider returning for the breakfast!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>ceejayenn
<Content>Great accommodation in downtown Sydney The Hilton Sydney is centrally located, just a block away from the main department stores and across the road from the Queen Victoria Building with its luxury shops. The hotel was recently refurbished, and my room was very well equipped, with a proper desk and comfortable king-size bed. I was on the North side of the building, with an oblique view of the harbour and the Sydney Heads, and I was able to see the sun rise over Manly. The Glass brasserie-style restaurant was splendid - we went for a quick meal early on Saturday night and ended up staying for 3 1/2 hours, eating a variety of delicious food from the grill menu, and drinking some of the best Australian wines from the very full wine list. Room service was also good, with generous helpings and prompt service. This hotel isn't cheap (I benefited from a special conference rate), but is certainly good value if you are not constrained by a budget.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yukios
<Content>Central "Up Market "Sydney Hotel       Hilton Lobby  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>antipodienne
<Content>Beauty is only skin deep I travel constantly for business, mostly overseas but also within Australia. Despite being a high level Hilton HHonors member I've started moving my international business away from Hilton earlier this year due to a range of concerns. I thought I'd try the Hilton in Sydney on a recent business trip just to see if it was any better at home, especially after a multi-million dollar renovation. Short answer: NO.I think this hotel has targetted itself very much towards Asian visitors. The bed was very low and ROCK hard, much like what you'd invariably find in Singapore, Vietnam and other major Asian business destinations. And as a previous reviewer pointed out, the king size bed is two singles pushed together with a thin veneer of a cover over them. Hideously uncomfortable. Mine were slightly different heights to boot!The decor was very edgy and chic - glass desk, lots of odd angles and interesting features - but totally unintuitive. Two examples:1. The blinds open with a push button that's on the bed head, but clearly most people can't find the button because there is a great deal of bending and lifting on the sides of the blinds where people have obviously tried to pry them up manually (take the hint, Hilton....). 2. The towels hang nowhere near the shower and you can't even rest them on the toilet because the shower opens the wrong way. So you have to leave them hanging across the room and then drip water all over the floor on your way, making for a slippery walk back. Bathmat you say? Nice idea. But the shower door is too low to open over the bathmat, so when you open it, the bathmat is pushed way under the sink. Ridiculous. My worst criticism is that the food was the most ridiculously priced I've ever seen in all my years of four star and above travel. A basic cooked room service breakfast is $40 (two small eggs, two pieces of toast, bacon, some cereal and fruit. A curry with rice is $35. Wedges - yes potato wedges, not wedges of pure gold - were $22 a bowl! I was mortified by the price, and didn't feel any better about it when I saw the quality. Made without an ounce of care . Tepid food slapped unlovingly on a plate. My travel is not greatly constrained by budget, but I do expect value for money and most certainly comfort from a four star international hotel chain. This hotel delivers a chic edgy look that photographs beautifully but does not offer a pleasant accommodation experience. This hotel should be ashamed to charge what it does. It's certainly justified my decision to move the majority of our company's accommodation spend to the Marriott chain. Haven't stayed there in Sydney, but around the world they've got Hilton beat by a mile.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>pfz
<Content>Brilliant city centre hotel My son  I stayed here for 4 nights in April. I have been to many large city big chain hotels in Europe  Asia and have to say that this is one of the best. The decor is minimalist, urban chic. The rooms are excellently renovated, every touch has been thought off eg no tags to hang on your door knob for do not disturb, just press a button and a small light lights up outside. Motorised blackout blinds make sure that the morning light does not wake you up. Smartphone with onetouch dial for everything.Staff were friendly  helpful at every touchpoint - check-in, the concierge. They even took the trouble to tell me which door of the hotel to use to avoid a few steps with our cases. Nothing was too much trouble and they gave the sense that they were proud to work there.Location is reasonably central, about 15 mins walk down Pitt Street will get you to the harbour front. Only downside is that many tall buildings block the harbour view - I was told that some of the rooms are unblocked but most would seem to be obscured.Restaurant was lovely - an Aussie friend bought us dinner and the service was personalised - they thought of everything, suggested what items might be suitable for a 13-year old and the steaks were excellent.Will definitely stay there on my next visit to Sydney.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarkLaurence
<Content>Great stay in a great location I had to find a Sydney hotel for an overnight stay due to business commitments. I went on to the Qantas website and booked through it. The price was fantastic because it was a Sunday night which is always cheaper. The buffet breakfast was included. It was easily the best buffet breskfast I have encountered in any Australian hotel. The room had been recently renovated and while small, included a king size bed and spa bath. In the late afternoon a fruit platter was delivered courtesy of the hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location right in the centre of the city. It is an easy walk to the harbour, opera house as well as all other central attractions.STaff were all efficent, friendly and courteous. I arrived on an early morning flight and they successfully found me a room and let me check in.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Neilzonwheelz
<Content>Sydney Hilton - How did they get it so wrong!       Room 3808 - Patch on sheet  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>brucehannay
<Content>A touch of class Stayed at the hotel over the New Year period (Dec 2006/Jan 2007).The hotel is situated on the busy thoroughfare of George Street which runs directly down to the main harbour area (Bridge and Opera House) about a 20 minute walk but is also just a short 5 minute stroll from Darling Harbour, so in an ideal situation for exploring the city. It also has a red tourist bus stop immediately outside the main entrance so is ideal for that method of exploring the various city sites if you don't want to do too much walking.The hotel itself is a newly modernised facility inside. The reception area is a shrine to marble - floors, reception desk, walls etc, all being built in marble with an abundance of glass surroundings also. We stayed on the Executive floor which gives you access to the Exec Lounge throughout the day. Breakfast is served their for Exec customers and they also have a happy hour between 5pm to 7pm where alcoholic drinks are served along with snacks and canapes. Being honest you could almost have dinner with the food that is served during these 2 hours - it is that good and plentiful. The staff in this lounge are very friendly and go out of their way to make your stay as pleasurable as possible.The rooms themselves are a bit on the small side as far as space is concerned but not enough to make you feel cramped. This is hugely compensated by the modern technical feel of the layout and equipment spec. LCD TV, wireless internet (charge payable though) , and also the One Touch phone which you can use to ask for anything (Room Service, extra pillow, book table in restaurant, etc, etc).The batroom is large with usual amenities. Highlight though is a funky walk in shower that you could have a game of 5 a side football in !!We had dinner in the Glass Brasserie. Food was excellent. Service absolutely superb. Not used to poshing it up but this was an experience I won't forget.In and around the hotel there are plenty shops, bars and restaurants to choose from. Hotek is deirectly opposite the Queen Victoria Shopping Centre which as the name suggests is an old Victorian building but very tastefully laid out inside with some excellent boutique style shops. The highlight attraction whilst we were there was the Swarovski Crystal Xmas Tree that stands the full 3 storeys of the building. Stunning to say the least. Would highly recommend a trip down to the Darling Harbour restaurants in the evening. One of the restaurants we tried served the best tasting King Prawns I've ever tasted. It was almost as though they had jumped straight out the water and on to my plate (via the kitchen of course !!). Apologies can't recall the name of the retaurant but I would imagine they would all be of a similar standard, as competition for them being side by side, must be huge.All in all an ideal location to base yourself for a tourist visit to Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Szikora
<Content>Unrenovated rooms apalling I stayed at the Hilton Sydney for 5 days while attending a conference. The room was booked through conference organisers for a reduced rate of $299/night (room only). I discovered afterwards that I could have got a cheaper room through wotif. Whilst the webpage states that the hotel is newly renovated, only some of the room have been renovated and I received a unrenovated room. Overall, the room was tiny and not what is expected from a delux newly renovated' hotel. The bath-tub was stained. The toilet flush worked intermittently and then continued to run water after flushing. The wardrobe door fell off its runners. The block-out blinds were sticking and wouldn't shut properly. Whilst the location was good (opposite QVB), there are plenty of other hotels in central Sydney that would offer better value for money and higher quality rooms.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>RebeccaAndDavid
<Content>Top class - perfect if you want to spoil yourself       View from the Relaxation Suite on Level 29  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SamfromSyd
<Content>Better hotels in Sydney I stayed here for one night in October last year. My friend made the booking and asked for a non-smoking room.When we entered our room, the first thing that hit us was the stench of smoke. We both became annoyed. Once my friend made a call, our request to change to a non-smoking room was granted.A person was sent to help with our bags, however he did not take any of our bags. Admittedly we had guests with us at that time - four girlfriends - however he should at least have taken the bags of my friend and I - those paying. I had packed an overnight bag and had been given gifts that day, so I had additional things as well (My lovely friends helped me move).My room key also did not work so I had to return to reception and get another. The room itself was small in comparison some of the other comparable hotels I've stayed at in Sydney. It had the usual things you'd expect from a five star hotel. I liked that the mini toiletries were La Source by Crabtree  Evelyn - my favourite out of the hotels I've stayed at. Aside from the room error and non-existent service from person that came up, we enjoyed our stay.The gym was the best one I've used in a hotel. It had a variety of machines, a mat work area (for stretching etc.), group exercise studios and a pool suitable for laps, as well as large steam rooms. Unfortunately the jacuzzi was out of order when I stayed there. Buffet breakfast was included in our package (which was about $300) and there was a lot of variety on offer. I quite enjoyed one of their custard donuts.My friend and I were also happy that check-out was 12.Would I stay at this hotel again? I'd recommend other hotels to those who want a five star stay, such as The Observatory Hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>roger39
<Content>Downtown Designer luxury Knowing we were using Hilton honors points for a free stay we were expecting the smallest room looking over the dustbins at the back.. What we actually were given was a superb suite on the 31st floor.Large bedroom with a super comfortable super king size bed. Hi tech hi spec bathroom, all glass, mirrors and marble. Two person Jacuzzi bath right under a picture window. Great view of the Sydney skyline as you sip your evening champagne and watch the flat screen TV in the bathroom wall. Walk in shower with 5 separate heads. Two hand basins and separate toilet.Next to the bedroom, an equally large and equally impressive lounge and hall area with another toilet and in all 3 flat screen TVs scattered around the suite. A telephone and communications system that you probably need a pilots licence to operate.And all this done in exquisite simple modern taste.The Hilton is downtown whilst most of their competitors cluster around the harbour. But downtown is great for shopping and restaurants and it is only a 10 minute walk from the ferries.Undoubtedly the Hilton Sydney is, for me, the queen of the Hilton group in Australasia.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BILLJ_GA
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and really enjoyed it. The other reviews are correct about the size of the rooms, but they are quite functional. I used points to stay there, but would not have paid the asking price of $375/night. The location is great and staff was very professional and accomodating. One nice feature are the automated blackout blinds. I woke up one morning around 9AM thinking it was 2 am. When I raised the blinds it was a very sunny day. The beds are very nice too! If you were paying, you can probably find a hotel with a bigger room, but not as nice. If you are using points, I would highly recommend using them at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Londone11
<Content>Central location and re vamped hotel Stayed here twice during a recent visit to AustraliaRe-vamped rooms and excellent central location. Business / Executive floors get additional service and the Executive Lounge for the complimentary breaksfast and pre dinner canapes and drinks is excellent.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Califdavid
<Content>Tiny rooms, so-so location for a tourist I stayed at this hotel over New Year's so it was completely full. I had an executive room as a Diamond but it was tiny and more like what you'd expect at a Motel 6 than a Hilton. Executive lounge was packed, again because of the holiday but the staff did a good job at keeping the food and drinks replenished despite the crowds. The buffet breakfast downstairs was a better choice because of the crowds. The location is not my favorite as I would prefer to be closer to Circular Quay.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>annieo15
<Content>stylish and good value We stayed in an executive floor room. The recently refurbished hotel was very stylish. The room was modern and beautifully arranged, also very clean; the bathroom had a superb shower, but there was little space around the basin area. The executive lounge had free internet access, and provided generous canapes and drinks early evening, and a good buffet breakfast.We stayed over New Year and found it very good value compared to hotels located in the harbour area.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Puza11
<Content>Mixed feelings I stayed at the Hilton over the Australia Day long weekend. I was impressed by the refurbishment in the lobby and overall look of the hotel however was quite disappointed by the room. We stayed in a guest room which is the lead in and I guess this is why the bathroom hadn't been renovated. It was like stepping back into the 80's with the brown marble finishing and clam light fightings! It was very small and pokey. The room otherwise was quite nice though again on the small side. There was a sign in our room alerting us to the fact that further work was being completed in nearby rooms. I was a little shocked to be woken at 7:30am by the sound of a drill in the room above us. It went on all day until the afternoon meaning sleeping in wasn't an option. The location was great, right in the heart of Sydney. We had a lovely dinner at Glass brassiere, the hotel offered a special for guests which was very reasonable. I was staying on a corporate rate which gave me a decent discount. Had I paid the going rate on wotif of $295, I would have been extremely disappointed. For my money, in future I'll stick to the Swissotel which is far nicer, the rooms are bigger and the bathroom is great, not pokey and outdated at all.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Cortleigh
<Content>Disappointed Located in the middle of the shopping district and close to Hyde Park but about a 20 minute walk from the harbour, this is very much a business hotel with a really busy, noisy lobby. Hotel has recently been gutted and rebuilt and our room was very hi-tech and stylish but fairly compact. We did not like the bathroom which was cramped and had walls of semi-opaque glass!We found breakfast in the hotel expensive and would suggest you pop across the road to one of the cafes in the elegant Queen Victoria Building. This was our first time in Sydney and we loved it. We had a great views from our room but would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamW_DC
<Content>Great Location, Good Rooms       View from window back towards desk / bthrm  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CCRP
<Content>Had a great time Stayed here over New Years Eve with my partner (for 4 days in the end).It was a great hotel for exploring Sydney - both the shopping and harbour areas. The hotel was extremely clean and the room well equipped, comfortable plus modern. We got quite a good deal online and cost us 拢125 a night including NYE, which was a bargain considering other hotels were charging in some cases 拢500 for NYE and less than 拢100 for the other nights.The gym and swimming pool were also very good (and free). We didn't use the restaurants because they were too expensive. It was over 拢15 just for breakfast. Neither did we use the bars - did try and go to the marble bar but it was far too noisy.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SurfCoastJill
<Content>Hilton - Exactly what you pay for. You can tell when a Hotel is well managed - This one is. I was there on a business trip, clean room, valet parking a bit pricy though at $40.A bit dissapointed Glass (Restaurant) was closed, still found breakfast in the temporary space good. The food was fresh and the reception staff above average.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zara08
<Content>The worst Hilton in our experience We used to love staying at the old Hilton.This was our first visit since they rebuilt it.We found the facilities, when they were open and the quality all well below a 5 star hotel.The hallways have no ventilation and smell musty.They only have one very small coffee shop by reception which can only serve a handful of guests at a time. No alcohol.The restaraunt is only open during breakfast, lunch and dinner.You can not get a drink until bars open around 4-5pm.They close off the swimming pool at 4pm.Houskeeping is slack nad they do not have sufficient laundry supplies to give you the towels etc that you expect to have in such a hotel.The quality and quantity of food in the restaraunt is below standard. I had to send a steak back twice as it was tuff.The fianl straw for us was after 3 phone calls to assist us with our luggage and 30 minutes later we were still waiting so struggled out with it ourselves.Meanwhile the Sheraton just around the round and the Westin were both offering excellent service in terms of food and facilities open. Thats were we will be staying in future.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	3	1	5	

<Author>skiathite
<Content>Fabulous Hilton Wonderful hotel, in a great location in the heart of Sydney's shopping district. Yes the rooms are small but comfortable and well sound proofed. I' ve noticed that a few of the reviewers have complained of the room prices and would agree that they are quite high. But I checked the hotel website over several days and found that the prices change almost daily and inclusions also change. We ended up in one of the executive rooms with breakfast and pre dinner drinks and nibbles included in the price which was a considerable saving.The best experience of the stay was lunch at Glass restaurant where Luke Mangan is the resident chef/owner. The food was excellent, the service impeccable and the wine list impressive. It will be interesting to see the impact of his restaurant expansion into Japan and the US.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theseatsaretooclose
<Content>Love that Remodel - Hate that Price The Sydney Hilton has a great central location, which is why I booked it on my first trip to Sydney many years ago. It was in really bad shape then with small rooms. Well, the rooms are still small, but after a remodel down to the studs, they are nice too.The beds, the bathroom (with translucent panels between the bedroom) the flat panel TV and the always appreciated blackout curtains (automated - pretty slick) make for a great night of sleep. The monorail to Darling Harbour runs in front of the hotel and the underground mall beneath connects you to the Town Hall subway station that can take you to the airport (if you don't fancy a taxi) or the main train station for a day trip to the Blue Mountains. The main shopping streets and pedestrian zone are also a block away, love that David Jones food hall for a quick snack.However, with the new fanciness comes a new fancy price. Prices in Sydney have certainly gone up over the past few years and the American dollars precipitous fall isn't helping. Taking that into consideration though, the Hilton still seems overpriced, depending on when you book it. Yet it will offer a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>squirrelone
<Content>Great hotel but would not stay again Recently stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend. Overall it is a great hotel but I would probably not stay here again.Room: I have to agree with others that the design is slick and gives the best use of the space. The bathroom was nicely fitted out and it had nice modern features. Another big plus was the blinds made it really dark and if you were arriving from overseas and want to sleep during the day this would be no problem. However, the room is small and really only works for one person. I was upgraded to an executive room and have to say if I had not been I would not have been happy. I have satyed at the Westin before and even though last time it seemed a bit frayed I would return there as the rooms are much bigger and the bathroom is 10 times better.Staff: A nice touch when I arrived was the guy looked at my bags and then welcomed me by name. Check in for me was fast however on other days when I walked past reception the lines were quite long. Housekeeping was good, however we were surprised that turn down happened at 9pm and I heard housekeeping next door at 9am (as long as you have do not disturb should be ok). Then on final morning they vacummed the hall at around 10am which is fine if you don't plan on sleeping in but noting the number of do not disturb signs in other rooms we were surprised.Food: We had breakfast at Glass. The buffet was great however it is a bit odd that you get all your hot food but then order eggs or pancakes and this is delivered to your seat, so you if you want to combine then order and when the plate is served then go back to buffet. Also the service in here was not really attentive at all. It took a while to be seated and both times we went tables had to be cleared whislt we stood waiting. The atmosphere here is really nice and if they ironed out these issues it would have been excellent rather than good.Overall: In an excellent location downtown, great for shopping as across from QVB and other main shopping strip. Good if you were a business traveller staying alone. However if I had to choose a hotel to go back to I would return to the Westin, it has just as good a location, better rooms and better service. A great hotel, popular with overseas visitors just missing the X factor to make it an outstanding hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>JUDITHbristol
<Content>Awesome hotel, awesome location A great stay again. The hotel is located close to CBD, Circular Quay and Darling Habour so is great for business and tourists. Everything is within easy walking distance.Unlike many Hiltons it has a unique design element so you get the top class service expected of a Hilton but without the same old design. The designers have done a fantastic job.The gym, pool and spa are excellent, really big and never too busy. Glass, the restaurant is great although a bit pricey and they've got a very trendy bar on the 4th floor.The rooms are excellent, large and well serviced with turn down as well as normal service. I'm a Diamond member of the Hilton Honors scheme so was fortunate to be upgraded to one of their suites on the 31st floor which was agreat.I'm due there again in December so hope the service, hotel and everything else is as good as this visit! I'd reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KLite
<Content>Great location and thats about it Has great location, in the heart of Sydney and within walking distance to places of interest, including the rocks, darling harbour, tower, circular quay, museums and also, malls like qvb, myers and david jones, great for me travelling with an infant. And close to major public transport. Otherwise, room we got was old and cramp, view nothing to shout about despite being on the 23rd floor. Buffet breakfast not worth the price but room service was pretty decent. Overall service just ok but could have been friendlier given its 5-star stature.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>vague travellers
<Content>Designers have done a good job We loved the Executive room we had on the 38th floor. A bit on the small side but the hilton revamp has done a good job making good use of space and comfortable sleek furnishings.Very comfortable bed, easy to work and relax in and good service from check in, room service and elsewhere. The executive club was great in the evening --although I agree with the review that mentioned there was quite a bit of fried finger food. At breakfast though they couldnt cope with the numbers they had. While that happens sometimes, there was no call for back up or extra food or to quickly clear away plates for newcomers. A few businessman in more of a hurry than us were pretty unhappy.But overall that was just a wrinkly and if I wasn't looking for a big room or a harbour view I'd go back for a comfortable night.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>stampy587
<Content>Great, Modern Hotel Fantastic hotel room + service. Highly recommended for a weekend stay in Sydney  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>queenpetra
<Content>fantastic free stay from my work. room fantastic,service also fantastic. food in the restaurant to die for. (dinner and breakfast.) close to everything. went to local pubs for drinks and a little shopping. few bars also in the motel,very nice. couldnt knock the stay would stay again and pay! great relaxing time. didnt expect anything less from the hilton!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrman66
<Content>Amazing Hotel in a Great Location This is an amazing hotel in an amazing location. The service, room quality, restaurants, bars and location could not be beat. I had a newer room with the bathroom re-furnished on the 40th floor. I slept like a baby the entire time because they have these electric blinds that block out all outside light. I loved the glass enclosed shower and the tub was deep enough to take a long relaxing bath.The restaurant on the 2nd floor serves an amazing (expensive) breakfast. The Zeta bar was world class and always attracted a good looking, affluent clientele. The hotel was located close to everything. Nothing was more than a block or two away. I also enjoyed having the coffee/food stand in the lobby. Overall, a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gingerCanada
<Content>Loved The Hilton This is a great hotel. It does cater to large conference groups but I never felt lost in the shuffle. Staff are very friendly and attentive. One evening there was a long line up for taxis and I was worried that I would miss my dinner reservation. While staff were trying to help by calling a taxi, the wait would have been at least 15 minutes. One fellow took things into his own hands and ran full speed into the street and returned a few minutes later jogging beside a taxi to ensure that I got that car. I was very impressed.As I booked on points I was able to use the Executive Lounge for breakfast which was very good and extensive. Cocktail hour was quite good as well, but a bit heavy on the fried finger foods. Really liked the fact they didn't charge for internet in the lounge. Dinner at the hotel was very good in a sleek and sexy room. The one bedroom suite was large and spacious but the standard room, while beautiful with the glass walled bathroom, was very cramped. Okay for one person but very small for two. The glass walled bathroom is also a problem if you don't want to wake your partner in the morning which is impossible if you switch on the bathroom light as it floods through the glass wall into the bedroom.Hotel is in a good location, not far from Circular Quay and Opera House and opposite the Queen Victoria Building which has great shopping and little cafes. Even if you're not interested in the shops it is worth a look as it has been beautifully restored.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dgbinpc
<Content>A Fantastic Stay Our 30th Wedding Anniversary stay at the Sydney Hilton could not have been better. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the room was perfect, and our dinner at the Glass Brasserie was most memorable. A special thank you to the concierges. Their recommendations were perfect, even the take the gloves for the bridge climb even if you think it is warm out.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>Really Loved the Hilton We stayed at the Hilton Sydney for 3 nights while attending a friend's wedding. It was a wonderful experience.The Hilton is very centrally located, right next to the Town Hall station (take the train from the airport, it will take you literally 3 minutes from the station to the hotel). It is also just opposite the Queen Victoria Building, and next to all of the great shopping in downtown Sydney. It boasts the Marble Bar, surely a tourist landmark in its own right. It is probably the most chic mainstream property I've stayed in for some time, and obviously takes pleasure in its own sense of designer-ism.The rooms are beautiful, glass, beautiful materials, very comfortable beds, and even a slightly naughty mirror facing the bed. I loved the automatic blinds which worked a charm - I got my best night's sleep in a long time in the room.Service was also excellent. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Travelerr101
<Content>Exellent hotel with very friendly staff This hotel is one of a kind. The rooms are goergous and the staff go out of thier way to make you as comfortable and happy as possible. This hotel has an exeptional restraunt and great breakfasts in the executive lounge. But if you just take a 10 minuite walk out the hotel you will be taken by the absolutley magnificent harbour topped off with the beautiful opera house and the great bridge. If you are going to syndey there is nowhere else to stay but the Hilton! It was a vacation to remember.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisak12
<Content>Excellent modern hotel with fantastic executive lounge We stayed three nights at the Hilton Sydney using Hilton HHonors reward points and enjoyed our stay very much. The location in the CBD is pretty good although we would have preferred being a little closer to either the Rocks or Circular Quay. There is not much of a view to speak of other than nearby buildings, but we were given a room on the executive lounge floor and enjoyed the lounge a great deal -- the buffet breakfasts there are outstanding (scrambled eggs, bacon, pastries, yogurt, cereal, fresh fruit, cold cuts, etc.) as are the evening wine/cocktails and heavy hors d'oeuvres (samosas, dumplings, satay, vegetables  dip, cheese  crackers, chocolate mousse, cookies, fruit, etc.). Our room was very nice, with a flat-screen TV and a beautiful bathroom with separate shower and top-notch amenities. Staff in the hotel were extremely helpful. I highly recommend this property.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rowie1
<Content>Be careful in room choice The hotel underwent a major overhaul about 2 years ago, however beware, there are some awful rooms with unrenovated bathrooms. This was my 4th stay in a couple of years, and was the first time I have been given one of these rooms. The bedroom itself is updated (funky modern glass furniture etc), however the bathroom was a 70's horror - its a very bizarre contrast. Chipped marble vanity top, wood framed mirror, brown stained toilet bowl, stained bathtub - UGH!!! The room had a really awful odor (not cigarette smoke - just really bad stale smell - maybe the bathroom??)Asked reception for a room change that will be an extra $30 please. The room was so bad, it was worth it. Strange though, I'd never had a room like this before on the same corporate rate.I also used their pillow service, as I like a very firm pillow (bed has about 5 floppy pillows - nice to look at). Unfortunately, the pillow that was brought up smelled really bad and I couldn't bear to use it (yes - there is a theme emerging here...). It smelled of something like bad kitchen exhaust fumes - I'm not a psycho really - just two events that both happened to be related to smells!Otherwise the hotel is fine, expensive meals (both restaurants and room service) but lots of options nearby.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	4	4	

<Author>JNW
<Content>Expected better The Hilton Sydney is a clean hotel in a good location. With that said, the staff at the front desk (on several occasions) were unhelpful, if not downright rude. I would not claim that I would never stay there again, but for the price I have no doubt that one can find equally good, if not better, accomodations elsewhere in Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hitlong
<Content>Very Central, Well Appointed I frequently stay at the Hilton on business, somewhere in the order of twice a month, 5 to 7 nights a month. I find the hotel well appointed, although the room quality/size can vary depending on what you booked. I also find the staff exceedingly helpful and friendly. Being a Diamond Hilton Honours member probably doesn't hurt the rooms I recieve nor the service, but still one of the better Sydney hotels (and I have stayed in quite a few). Try the Zeta bar and also the Glasses restaurant, both I recommend.I have stay at the Hilton both with my wife, and with my kids and all members of the family love it too.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MichaelNewZealand
<Content>Sydney Hilton A very plush experience, but... at checkin they kept on putting back the time at which my room would be available, the dried fruit provided (at quite a cost) in the room was rancid, and the room itself, while very glassy and beautiful, was overly technological with the touch-screen IP phone being the worst aspect -- oh so slow! -- and the downstairs Marble Bar seemed always closed when I needed it...  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JudyfromBoise
<Content>Quality over quantity       enjoying the two person tub!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>freq_bus_travel
<Content>Hilton staff lack of attention to details I stayed in Hilton Sydney because its close distance to train station and it is one of the preferred hotels selected by my company. I had great expectation about Hilton but was completely shattered after my visit. First, they mixed up my reservation from someone who has similar name as me but resides in different country. They deleted and replaced all my details with hers and told me that I didn't make the reservation. I told them that I had the correct reservation number and it was their fault that my details were completely erased.Then the in-room breakfast was another shock. They gave me the wrong tea, wrong type of bread. When I open up the jam jars, I found 2 out of 4 jams were already opened and eaten. I made my complaint immediately and was compensated by a plate of fresh fruit and breakfast fee wavied.I don't think I will ever go back to Hilton again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>dinnikate
<Content>great hotel Just spent 4 days at the Hilton - it was great! Loved the blockout blinds - great for jet lagged guests. Convenient location for tourists too.Thought the bathroom was great. Small fridge, and if you move items to put things in, you are charged. We disputed the charges on checkout,  had no problems getting the costs removed.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pommie01
<Content>I like this place - but there are a few annoyances I have no stayed here a few times for business - and there is no doubt that this is an excellent hotel all round. The rooms are very good - if a lttle on the small side. You've got to love the electric blinds.They are modern - and the beds are huge and comfy. It's certainly worthy of 4*s if not 5*s. A few quibbles - look this may just be a pet peeve of mine:- The staff insist on asking your what breakfast combination you want (ie hot or continental) before you sit down - how on earth do I know before I have been able to see what they have on offer. And when I refuse to commit - they get very agitated and keep asking me (around every 5 minutes) if I have decided yet.- The staff seemed to be trained to make very false small talk at every opportunity - and while that might work in the US - it's kindof inappropriate in Australia unless it's genuine. And this chat is in no way genuine !- The inroom internet connection is a bit unreliable - and a bit slow by other hotel standards.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>dlwalt
<Content>a decent hotel I am just completing a six night stay at the Sydney Hilton. I booked my room through a conference website that I am attending. I am HH Diamond and was given a room on the Executive Floor. Nice room, nothing to special. The Excutive Lounge is nice, would like a little more variety when it comes to the breakfast choices - pretty much the same every day.Internet access in this hotel is horrible. They charge $29 a day for wired and $59 for wireless. The speed is slow and the connections log off. I used the free internet in the lounge but that was down for a couple of days as well.The health club is nice. Overall, this is a decent hotel. My main reason staying here was that I am a Diamond.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>wategos
<Content>Not worthy of five stars. Booked on Wotif for the weekend of 14/07/07 - 16/07/07. We were looking forward to seeing the refurbishment as we have stayed here many times over the previous years. The location is in the centre of the CBD and is a quick walk or bus ride around town and the wonderfulQueen Victoria Building directly opposite. We drove to the Hilton andopted for the valet parking which turned out to be $40.00 per day. Wewere allocated a room on the twenty sixth floor with a nice view towards harbour if you stand directly at the window. The room was suprisingly small, the bathroom appeared to be unrenovated which was dissappointing. A large comfortable bed, thank goodness,as we needed to sit on it to do some computer work as the desk provided was a little too small. Internet access was $29.00 per day. We had in room dining, delivered by very pleasant staff. Room contains a bar fridge that charges for any item moved. You can obtain a tiny loan fridge. The breakfast at Glass was outstanding.Do not forget to use the Do not disturb sign as housekeeping was knocking on the door at 7.30am  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>OnThePoint
<Content>Keep this one on your list... Since we stay in Sydney as a family at least once a month we've ended up with a few favourites over the years. Our current one, since the view isn't such a high priority any more, is the Hilton. Although, as mentioned previously, the rooms are a bit small, they are very pleasantly fitted out. Ignore the rubbish about Sydney's first 6-star hotel which was bandied about at the opening and just expect a modern, friendly, efficient hotel with a decent splash of Sydney style in its public areas.Our kids love the breakfasts and Glass restaurant is a great space. I was surprised to read the negative reviews about the evening food.... we haven't tried eating there but Luke Mangan, the chef, is very well known and you'd expect a good feed.Everything works well, the staff are friendly and genuinely helpful and parking, whilst expensive, is a breeze despite the location right in the very centre of the city. My only criticism is that the pool/spa area is a bit stark and unwelcoming. It could be much better with warmer lighting and some more comfortable seating around the pools. The gym area is very good.If I was after a view I'd go for the Park Hyatt, Shangri La or Four Seasons (amongst others) and we are also regulars at the Sir Stamford at Circular Quay, but the Hilton is now firmly established in our hotel address book. Make sure you get a good rate, though, the rack rate is fearsome but the wotif.com deals are usually much less frightening.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>poosie
<Content>A great hotel, but could do with some tweaking I'll admit, I had very high expectations of the Sydney Hilton and by the by, the Sydney Hilton delivered but with a few small changes, it could be a truly brilliant hotel...Firstly, the good points:1. Glass restaurant - we had a fantastic meal!2. The room (standard room) - it is a decent size for Sydney hotels and had a great view. The windows block out all light and the bed was fantastic. Also, there was a good selection of cable channels and the decor was quite cool. 3. The staff were great - very friendly, down to earth and not pretentious.4. Zeta Bar - great cocktails!What could be better?1. Remove the cover charge for Zeta Bar for hotel guests - we stayed on a Saturday night, but couldn't quite believe that we had to pay a $20 cover charge!! 2. A make up mirror in the bathroom would be a handy addition.3. The water pressure in the shower could have been a bit stronger, with hotter water. The toilet didn't flush all that well, either.4. Get rid of 'automatic' mini bar - take something out of the fridge, and you're instantly charged! Not fair, but at least they left a little bit of room for you to put something in the fridge.In sum, I'd recommend this hotel - it is in a great location, the staff were fantastic, but with a few minor changes, it could be truly great!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheImproperBostonian
<Content>Stylish, Comfortable       Comfortable bed  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>digger2
<Content>a very stylish hotel as mentioned in other reviews the new sydney hilton is light years better than its predecessor. It is hard to recognise it as the same hotel. the new entrance  lobby is stunning  the rooms are euro stylish  very comfortable with flatscreen tvs  great beds.my wife also found the spa treatments very good, if not a tad expensive.we have stayed at this hotel a number of times  really like the style  location. The breakfast is worth the money as it has a juice bar, with made-to-order juices, including wheat grass. They have a chef on hand to cook your eggs (as you would expect). Also they offer barista-made coffee such as latte, caps etc., not the usual push button machines.overall a very nice hotel!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Blankii
<Content>Excellent city hotel Stayed in this hotel 2 weeks ago for a couple of nights on business. The hotel itself is nicely presented, with good attention to detail in the rooms and public areas. The rooms are a little on the small side, but they do exude a sophisticated and modern feel that generally makes them a nice place to be. I think given the shortness of my stay, it didn鈥檛 really bother me that the rooms are a little cramped. I think it鈥檚 worth noting however that a longer stay might put greater emphasis on this design deficiency. May be worth upgrading to a larger room?Service levels in this hotel were a highlight - certainly up to the Hilton鈥檚 high standards. I found every staff member to be polite and helpful, particularly the people manning the room service hotline. Room service was quick and efficient and the food was generally of a high standard. The breakfast selection was also excellent and very well presented.Access to broadband internet was also easy and the pricing structure was actually sensible for a change 鈥?I can鈥檛 stand it when I鈥檓 forced to pay for internet access I don鈥檛 use, like hotels that require you to purchase access for 24 hours just so that you can spend 15 minutes checking your email. Fortunately, at the Hilton you only pay for the time you鈥檙e actually accessing the internet.Overall, a very good city hotel ideal for business stays. If you鈥檙e planning a short stay in Sydney then I would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Wine_Merchant
<Content>Better than the old Hilton Over the years I had stayed at the old Hilton many times. Its very central location and reasonable price was the only attraction as it had become very shoddy. After spending my last two trips at thePark Hyatt (hated it) and Four Seasons (still my favorite)I decided to revisit this old friend and see what had changed. The lobby is certainly impressive and gives easy access to both Pitt and George Streets. Staff all seemed capable and refreshingly free of attitude. Well it is a Hilton. Rooms have not changed in size (small) and bathrooms are still cramped and basic but the decor has been refreshed and if one likes the austere then it will appeal. It is certainly uncluttered. Very good internet service (AU$25 per 24hrs). The small sofa is almost impossible to lounge on but it looks kind of nice. Now one has a small cramped room that by some standards, smartly decorated. The most disappointing change is the loss of the very old fashioned traditional beef palace; San Francisco restaurant. It has given way to a mediocre, overpriced and highly pretentious place called Glass. Asking for a booking for 7:30 we were told one was only available at 8:30 but if we rushed down at 6:50 we could be seated. The place was, deservedly, almost empty and by 7:30 no more than 1/3 of the tables were occupied. Food is forgettable but decor is quite spectacular. Prices high. We longed for the good old days of Caesar Salad mixed at the table and the wonderful roast beef trolley and tuxeoded waiters. This is an unfussy hotel for someone who is happy not to have the Sydney Experience found near the harbor. Beds are wonderful to sleep in, prices are reasonable. A decent option when one is not looking for excitement. Avoid Glass and enjoy a drink in the wonderful Marble Bar where despite the loud music one can still stir memories of old historic Sydney when convicts roamed the streets.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>dogcowzz
<Content>Fantastic as always! Absolutely central location to Sydney's best attractions. Right in the city Centre, one block from Pitt street Mall. Nearby to the Monorail station and two city rail stations. Across the road from the Historic Queen Victoria building. Everything always goes well at this hotel. i have stayed there many times over the past few years. It's worth it to stay on the executive floors. Breakfast included on level 39, canapes and drinks before dinner complimentary newspaper and crabtree and evelyn toiletries. Room service is a bit pricey, but very tasty. Chocolate mud cake with raspberry sauce. YUM! Valet parking is also pricey, but ALL parking in Sydney is dear. The hotel room is very tastefully decorated in modern style. The room light dimmers are very romantic as is the large showers/bath. Loved the pillow menu! Will definately stay again!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nyc2006321
<Content>Great way to end a honeymoon!       Great room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cegille
<Content>Sydney Hilton nice but expensive Hotel is very nice and conveniently located across from QVB shopping complex. Internet was easy to access. Room is very nice and comfortable, staff is unobtrusive. Love look of marble bar. We used all our hotel points to stay here for 3 days but they wanted $500 per day from a friend last night (she ended up booking a very nice room for $200 at the Sheraton 2 blocks away). Buffet breakfast is 34 Australian dollars. Even coming from London, we are finding Sydney prices high.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>k_lawton
<Content>Excellent hotel       reception  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>msganc
<Content>Superb hotel Stayed for 3 nights in January in an Executive room. The hotel has had a major facelift and it is fantastic. The design is very sleek and contemporary and has the wow factor. The serice is excellent and the location is great - right in the heart of George Street (although the downside is that there are no views of the bridge or opera house like the shangri la, marriott, park hyatt etc but you cant have everything.The Zeta bar is very modern and trendy (and gets very busy at the weekends) and the marble bar is very ornate and opulent and has live music. Both bars are excellent and its not far to stumble home!!!The room was very nice, although not huge, and had a very contemporary design whith nice touches such as the electric blinds that can be controlled from the bedside and the 'magic button' on the phone. The bathroom had a large walk in shower which was very nice.The executive lounge is a nice quiet place to chill out with free drinks and canapes in the evening and nice views as it is on the 40 something floor.The gym and 25m pool are also excellent and fairly quiet during the day.Overall a superb hotel that I would highly recommend and would definitely stay at again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>markrandom
<Content>Great hotel I am a HH Gold member. Was upgraded to the executive floors - perks include free breakfast + pre dinner drinks. Had a problem in the executive lounge with one of the staff. Appeared to be friendly at first however then blew it and did something completely stupid. We ordered two drinks, he asked my partner if she'd like to finish the bottle of wine. She replied yes. The idiot proceeded to fill the glass up to the very top until it overflowed. I complained so he came back with a straw! What a joker. Made an immediate complaint to the hotel management, asking for this employee to be removed from duty. Never ventured back to the executive lounge for the rest of our stay so don't know whether Hilton carried out their promise. My partner was really upset by the employees actions, it was a very embarrasing experience. Anyway, moving on to the review...The hotel is in a good central location within the city. Everything is walkable. Observation Tower is just at the back of the hotel. The hotel decor is very contemporary. All services are excellent. Friendly staff. Great concierge. Good room service. Zeta bar is worth checking out on the 4th floor. Won Australia's best bar award. Marble bar is worth visiting too on the ground floor. Has live bands. Fitness area is first class. 25 metre pool. Spa. 2 sauna's/ 2 steam rooms. Couldn't wish for better. This is a fantastic hotel, a perfect base to sample the cosmopolitan nightlife of downtown sydney. Experience would have been perfect if it hadn't been for the afforementioned incident.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Member3
<Content>Stylish  After spending six nights at the Hotel Ibis Darling Harbor, the Hilton was a welcome surprise. As Hilton Gold members, we were put in an executive floor room with access to the lounge (free breakfast  hors d'oeurves).The room:Room was sparkling clean, a good size, and the shower had great water pressure. The water temperature fluctuated a bit, never too hot nor cold, but enough to be noticable. Amenities were the usual Crabtree  Evelyn La Source.Requested a king bed but we got two twin beds pushed together with a visible line down the middle. One of the few hotels with sufficient reading lights. Mood lighting and night lights were a nice touch. Had difficulty getting the room cool enough.The lounge:Couldn't locate the spring water  hors d'oeurves on the floor as described in the exec floor booklet.Lounge was nice but there were too few tables (or too many people) and food was not replaced quickly or often enough. The staff serving drinks were friendly and helpful. Hors d'oeurves were typically fried bits or dried out quiche, breakfast was diverse with a great juicer.Miscellaneous:The elevators were inconsistent needing the room key inserted before moving. Didn't get to the pool or bar but heard that they they are excellent.Location:Well-located, across the street from the Town Hall train station in the Queen Victoria Building. You can take the train two stops down to Circular Quay, the hub of the ferry system. Lots of restaurants and shopping.Summary:A great stay in a sleek and stylish hotel.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>davepb
<Content>Hilton Sydney is excellent We stayed 4 nights and loved every minute. Admittedly, the room was not large but very comfortable and contemporary. The Magic button service works a treat and enquiries were dealt with very efficiently.All the staff we encountered were brilliant and friendly. Nothing seemed to be a problem for them.We don't usually have dinner in hotels but decided to try the Glass Brasserie on our last night and was not disappointed. We had the degustation menu which was excellent with the waiter explaining everything we were trying but not being intrusive or condescending.The pool, jacuzzi and steam rooms were great. We went on Sunday afternoon and had the place to ourselves.Although the views are not brilliant the location is convenient and everything is within easy walking distance.Having also stayed in hotels in Hong Kong and Singapore on this holiday, the Hilton was all we expected it to be (from the website) and more. Thoroghly reccomended.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ethelman2
<Content>style but no function Rooms tiny and designed to irritate. Why do Hilton hotels like frosted glass bathroom walls? Tiny bathroom had nowhere to put things- no surfaces that is. Hence you put things on the floor. When you need an aspirin in the middle of the night you put the light on, and wake your wife.On the way back to bed you collide with the hard edged glass table.A splendid remote control is provided, but it works the DVD player, and you have to try hard to operate the TV. When you want to dial abroad, you look in the oh-so-stylish book for help, to be told to look at the card by the phone. There is no card. It is in the back of the book.Staff OK, location fine. As a Hilton Gold member, I'd still avoid it.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>jmalzone
<Content>Good hotel for business meetings. We stayed at the Sydney Hilton for 6 days for a conference. The facilities are great for a conference, however, for a personal trip to Sydney, I would pick a different hotel. While the hotel has been recently renovated and everything is new and modern, the rooms are very small. The gym is excellent as it is also available to the public, so it has a large amount of cardio equipment, classes and a large pool. The location is excellent and easy to get to everything in Sydney.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	3	2	5	

<Author>SingaporeGirl
<Content>Great location; too small rooms A great location but the rooms, and especially the bathrooms, are way too small. If you're standing at the sink, you effectively block the entrance to the bathroom so no one else can enter or leave. (Nice amenities, however.)And despite the great location, no views aside from the neighbouring hi-rises, which seem to yield 1,000 voyeurs staring in your window (who knows if they can see in or not?). On the plus side is the location, close to Castlereigh Street, David Jones and Myer, not to mention Queen Victoria Building. A good taxi rank right outside the main entrance is a real plus.But despite having booked a non-smoking double room, having called in advance to ask for early (Noon) check-in, we were kept waiting three hours for the correct room upon arrival at 2 PM. Not very impressive for two Hilton Honours gold card holders.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Travellers99
<Content>Extremely disappointed We really couldn't have been more disappointed with our stay at the Hilton in Sydney. At check in we weren't asked whether we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room but when we walked into the room there was no mistaking it was smoking room. The smell was terrible, especially since we are two non-smokers. We proceeded back down to reception and asked to be changed to the non-smoking room which we had requested at the time of making the booking, only to be told that the hotel was completely full and that we could not be moved. The hotel staff offered to place a machine in the room while we were at dinner which was supposed to remove the smell. While we were sceptical we agreed to give it a try. As expected the machine made no difference whatsoever. My husband and I decided there was no way we could sleep in a room which smelt that bad - we felt we had no choice but to check out. There was no apology or offer of a refund despite the fact that the hotel had failed to deliver on our booking. We've stayed in a great number of Hiltons around the world and have generally been very impressed with the standard of the properties and the service. It's a pity the same cannot be said about the Sydney Hilton.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Saskia1976
<Content>Just so cool! I highly recommend staying at Hilton Sydney. I stayed there in February and was lucky enough to be upgraded to one of their Relaxation Suites. Apart from a wonderful room that I wanted to move into (it had an enormous bath in the middle of the room, and a huge flat screen TV in the living area) this also meant I had access to their Executive Lounge where pre dinner drinks  canap茅鈥檚 were free and in the morning a fantastic breakfast was served. All room telephones have a Hilton Magic button, where anything you want at any time of the day will be organised for you. Now this really worked, I was very impressed with the hotel's service. At night the coolest place to go out is the hotel鈥檚 Zeta Bar, it鈥檚 full of beautiful people (so wear your best clothes!) and every now and then you鈥檒l find a celebrity at the bar. People line up to get in, but as a hotel guest you have your own access lift which means YOU don鈥檛 have to queue with the common people, which is always nice鈥︹€?br/>In summary: stay at the Hilton Sydney if you get the chance (and pay extra for the Relaxation Suite as it is stunning!)  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sahr
<Content>loved it!!!!! I stayed at the Hilton for the final two nights of my honeymoon in Australia and i have to say it is the best hotel i stayed at on our three week trip. We arrived two hours early for check in and it was not a problem, we were able to check in straight away.The concierge service was great (it is called the magic button), they were very efficient at getting us restaurant reservations. All the staff were great especially the bell boys, we never had to wait for our luggage.The room was really nice and modern with a really comfortable bed and good city views. There was everything in the room that you would need that other hotels don't think of .The bathroom was really nice and modern, it had a lovely shower and bath and a good selection of toiletries.The hotel is in a great location as it is central to the QVB, the rocks and darling harbour; it is also right by a monorail station so you don't have to walk if you don't want to.We did not eat there as there are so many other great restaurants near by that we wanted to try.The only negative was, that they made an error charging champagne that was a gift to our bill, however once it was mentioned it was removed straight away with no fuss whatsoever.I would recommend this hotel, to anyone who wants a lovely hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>freqbustrav
<Content>Wonderful classy hotel I stayed at this hotel in May 06 for 7 nights on business and I loved it. I've stayed in Sydney before on the quays and I really preferred this location as it is perfect for shopping, right across from QVB and pedestrain shopping areas. The rooms at this hotel are great, very modern. The service was very good and the concierge service was excellent. Glass Brasserie is a fantastic restaurant and the bars here are very nice. I would stay at this hotel on vacation as well as business.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nzbased
<Content>Upmarket, glossy, new Hilton is great. We had 2 nights in an Executive Floor room in May and were very impressed with the decor. One downside is that due to the excellent Downtown location, room size has been sacrificed compared to most other Hiltons we have used, and the luxurious trappings just about managed to make up for the slightly cramped feeling. Very business-oriented with a smart workstation and leather chair provided. Electric window shades took a bit too long to close, while keeping your finger on the switch! Bathroom was very flash but could only be used by one person at a time, unless one was actually in the bath! Glass Restaurant was beautiful and a great place to see and be seen if you are a Sydneysider! Delicious and well-presented food. Its opposite the QVB and an easy walk to David Jones and all the other great shopping. Exec Lounge lacked atmosphere though, and the food was not as varied and substantial as other Lounges we have used. On balance, we would stay again, just hold back on the luggage!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ABD119
<Content>Slick and sophisticated Everything you'd expect from an ultra-modern top-end hotel. We had the relaxation room - a junior suite with a large spa bath, amazing views of Sydney and all the amenities you can imagine (although we heard other guests complain that the regular rooms are too small). The staff was extremely attentive, much more than the usual chain hotels kind. Location is great, within walking distance to the Rocks and Darling Harbor.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frombrissy
<Content>Choose Another This is a large 5-star hotel that re-opened mid-2005 after a full refurbishment. While I don't hate the hotel, I certainly don't recommend it, as there are dozens of little things they didn't get quite right. Before I start, I should mention that I attended a function at the hotel, but did not try any of the bars/restaurants/other facilities. My opinion is therefore about the room only.My room was a reasonable size, although definitely not large. The fitout was very clean, new and contemporary with lots of glass and steel (which isn't really my thing but many people do like this style). I was on the 41st floor with my windows facing directly at the Citigroup building.I must complain about the size of the tiny bathroom. Prior to refurbishment the room must have had a shower over bath. They have now installed a separate shower in addition to the bath, resulting in a cramped bathroom and ridiculously tiny vanity. There is very little room to place your own toiletries. And where is the hairdryer?? In a cupboard under the luggage rack in the hallway! Why do I have to search in obscure places for everything in this room? Another example is powerpoints. I made my tea and ironed my shirts in the midget bathroom as I couldn't find convenient powerpoints (I called to find out where they were later, and the operator kindly told me what I had to move so I could find them). The pillows here were absolutely horrible - I am never fussy about pillows at all, but these were truly dreadful. Having said this, there is a pillow menu, but I would prefer not to trouble myself to obtain decent pillows. I also prefer a genuine King bed rather than two doubles pushed together.The bedside telephone is way too far from the bed which is just silly.Lighting is bad! There are lots of feature lighting and a lamp - so you have to turn on about fifteen different lights and the room is still dark! Very trendy but not so functional.I need full length mirrors to examine my appearance before I leave the room, and in this room there are two. However both have furniture obscuring the bottom half!Importantly - my room had terrible mobile phone reception - forcing me to make telephone calls on the hotel phone (and as expected, my four short calls cost over $50).The blinds take way too long to open and close, and you have to hold the button the whole time. This is annoying.My request for a late checkout (which was granted) must not have been recorded as I was interrupted in my room TWICE by housekeeping wondering when I was leaving.My office authorised a credit card for my stay - which for some reason was only applied to the first night of my stay? I HATE when the billing isn't right.To me it's the little things that matter. Individually, none of the above are worth complaining about really, but when you have so many little things that aren't quite right, you don't enjoy your stay. Oh, and there was a fire alarm early in the morning, which I suppose can't be helped but it was a bit much after I had been annoyed so many times.Sydney has many fine 5-star hotels and I will try a different one next time.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dbasha
<Content>A business hotel I spent 7 nights at the Hilton recently. As a business hotel, I had no serious complaints about the Hilton although the service was disappointingly average. The Hilton's location was good, and all the necessary facilities were present. However, I would not recommend the Hilton for couples/families on vacation. The rooms are very small and are a tight fit even for couples, let alone families. Furthermore, the prices at the Hilton are very steep, and meals can cost the earth. My take on the Hilton is that it is focussed on business travellers rather than tourists. If you are in Sydney on vacation, there are far better options for the price than the Hilton, such as the Shangri-La, the Four Seasons and the Intercontinental.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AJK01
<Content>Great hotel We stayed 3 nights at the Hilton and were impressed. We stay in Hiltons quite a lot (for business), and this one is a cut above the rest.The recent renovations have really pad off - the hotel looks fantastic - very cool and modern. We were there during the MTV awards and apparently Snoop Dog and Jessica Simpson were also staying there. Sure, we didn't actually see them, but the rumour of the hidden stars added to the urban, trendy atmosphere.Would definitely recommend it to others (if you're not on a budget that is!)  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure class Pure Class is what defines this superbly rebuilt Hotel. It is obvious that the a great deal of thought and planning went into this property when you first walk into your room. The rooms are extremely well appointed and space maximised. The decor is striking and there exists a good mix of modern colours with natural wood.Being a very frequent traveller (predominantly for business but also for leisure) I am very particular about where I stay. I can safely say that the beds and pillows at the Sydney Hilton are second to none.Another defining point is the magic call button on your phone. There is no need for you to figure out which extension to dial for any of your in-room requests - one button and they're at your service. That alone is enough for me to be impressed however the Hotel is the complete package; with the Glass Restaurant and distinctly different bar choices (be sure to check out the Marble Bar in the basement).Lastly, the location is spot on - basically close to absolutely everything that you need to see in Sydney!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>docduke
<Content>birthday treat -great room We visited the Hilton hotel in Sydney last year and we still have fond memories of the trip. we have visited many sydney CBD hotels and this has come out top since it was refurbished. We had beenwatching the building of the tall hotel on our frequent trips to sydney in the months before and kept saying how we would like to stay when it opens. so i organised a weekend away and upgraded the room package to one with a large plasma tv and big spa bath- and it was well worth it - it was the little touches that counted. all the staff were friendly and helpful- even when there was a staff member in the lift with me she said hello and asked how my day was in a nonobtrusive way. we didnt explore many of the facilities out of the room except for the wine bar and had some canapes there which were very enjoyable. we also used room service3 when we came back late from a show and were impressed with the soup and club sandwich which arrived on a heated trolley with white table linen etc. the breakfast was fabulous- if you wanted something you could probably find it on the display there in the buffet- all types of egg were freshly cooked there wase ven one member of staff to make up frash juicesof any combination...we would highly recommend this hotel and it's location is so central it is very usefuland it is great seeing the QVB building lit up at night...  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ray Goldberg
<Content>Excellent 5 star hotel The revamped Sydney Hilton shows the class Hilton can exude. While the rooms are fairly small (bathrooms even smaller) they are extremely well appointed. Great choice of bars from the quiet and relaxing Glass bar to the thumping Zeta Bar. Excellent restaurant. if you love wine, the Glass Restaurant caters for every conceivable taste. One HUGE wall of wines. Breakfast had a great choice and was well presented and tasty. NO canned beans and powdered eggs and decent coffe. Staff attitude is absolutely first class. we had a really relaxing weekend.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>'A first class experience' Each and every detail has been addressed to ensure the stay is a memorable one. From impeccable service to the pillow menu in the relaxation room, ensures your Hilton Sydney experience is first class. I cheked out looking forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IADDutch
<Content>Great place in Sydney! One of the best. I like new, modern hotels and this one is just great. The room is somewhat small, but not bothersome, and very nicely appointed. A separate shower stall is great. The executive lounge is the best I've been to, with a full breakfast spread and great cocktail hour. Location is very convenient, we've walked to most museums and warfs, and both monorail and subway are less than one block away.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travel1966
<Content>Hotel all Class We stayed at the Sydney Hilton in February and were initially impressed with the modern decor and design of the rooms. Staying on the Executive level was nice and waking up to enjoy breakfast in the Executive lounge was a treat.Enjoyed dinner in Glass the same night we stayed and have to rate it as the must visit restaurant in Sydney. The food, ambience and service was excellent and the smell of freshly baked bread wafting over to our table had us in food heaven.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Space This hotel is a new Sydney landmark! I love the sense of space they have created with the use of glass in the public areas. The staff sport trendy Russian-vogue uniforms and are suitably helpful. The buffet breakfast in Glass restaurant is a foodies delight - try the bircher shots, they'll get you going! The rooms are very comfortable and trendy with all the mod-cons. Great bathroom products! The hotel is located across the road from town hall so is very handy to catch the train to and from the airport. Also close to the Pitt Street Mall and QVB for shop-a-holics.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the experience My partner and I stayed at Hilton Sydney for the first time in a Relaxation Suite for our anniversary. We had such an amazing time.From the minute we walked into the hotel we were treated like royalty. The room was quite big and mindblowing. We had the Bath Master experience - what an ingenious idea! Our bed was the most comfortable we've ever slept in and Magic are an absolute gem. We forgot to bring toothpaste and they came running to our room to deliver the toothpaste.If your looking for a romantic getaway - this is the place to go!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KJ39
<Content>Fabulous Hotel My son (14) and I stayed at the Sydney Hilton for 6 nights, (20 Feb - 26 Feb.) We were on the executive floor and things could not have been any nicer. Every morning there was a lovely breakfast aand evenings we had light appetizers and drinks. The hotel was spotless, the staff was attentive, informative and friendly and the hotel was situated perfectly - near the bus, subway or you could get a taxi immediately. Great gym and all was perfect. The pool was not as great as the pool at the Hilton in Greece (which is glass sided), but I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. We paid a very reasonable rate and certainly feel this hotel is a great value.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HipHotel
<Content>great place I've just spent the weekend at the newly updated Sydney Hilton (Feb 2006). The decor is clean and modern, lots of fresh white linens and glass. It's a great hotel, the rooms are small but have extra features like total block-out blinds, a pillow menu and coffee plungers. The hotel food wasn't the best but ok. The location is sensational, especially for shopping. It's directly opposite the Queen Victoria Building and right near the Pitt Street Mall. A short walk from Darling Harbour and Cockle Bay. I'd recommend this hotel to singles or couples but the rooms are too small for families.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Euro06
<Content>Very Average We stayed in a deluxe room at the Hilton in Sydney for our wedding anniversary and were a little disappointed with the size/standard of the room and with the hotel generally. The bathroom was particularly small, although the bed was great. Although the room appeared to be refurbished, the outside corridor left a little to be desired. We paid $265 for the room and have stayed in much better hotels in Sydney such as the Westin for the same rate. Overall, it wasn't worth the money!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AusReviewer
<Content>Nice bed - Awful Service I was about to come back to Australia from a very long international flight and I wanted to stop in Sydney for the night before continuing my journey. Qantas had included a piece on the 鈥渘ew鈥?Hilton Sydney 鈥?including their Relaxation Suite 鈥?in their Frequent Flyer news and I thought that this might be the ideal ticket for an overnight stop to unwind and relax so I called through and booked their $650 room for the night.Unfortunately for me 鈥?instead of unwinding and relaxing 鈥?my stay at the Hilton Sydney had me aggravated and disgusted thanks to the ---- poor management of this hotel. It all started when my companion and I first got to the hotel. The hotel had a security guard in the driveway 鈥?that without even bothering to ask us anything 鈥?waved us down a driveway to the hotel鈥檚 underground car park instead of the Valet reception area. This led to us having to lug our large collection of luggage up to reception (I had just come back from six months overseas so I was definitely less than impressed. When I got up to the lobby I informed both reception and the concierge/bellman desk about the stuff up by their guy in the driveway, informed them that the car was in the underground car park and that the keys were with the staff down their, and could they please fix up their mistake and properly valet check the car in. As I got replies in the affirmative from the concierge staff (check-in told me to tell it to the concierge staff) I figured all was OK, apart from that fact that none of the staff appeared to be apologetic about the fact we had been misdirected nor seemed to care that much. I took this promise to fix it up at face word, which I was to pay for later.As to the room the furnishings were nice and the bed was comfortable, the toiletries were boutique, the shower had a rainfall head (with separate massage jets 鈥?although you couldn鈥檛 have both on at the same time), and the spa bath was a full-sized two person spa with a view of the city skyline. The thing that really ----- me off about the room though was that the TV at the end of the spa bath (which was the selling point for me because I though how relaxing would it be to just kick back in the spa and still catch up on the latest news) is that the damm thing wouldn鈥檛 change channels with any remote in the room and was permanent stuck on the god awful Hotel travel channel program 鈥?it really sucked any joy out of the experience and, as the spa bath wasn鈥檛 really a very powerful one, there was much point staying in it for more than 10 minutes especially since I really wanted to catch up on the news (that I couldn鈥檛 watch). One other problem with the room was that the sliding panel between the lounge space and the bedroom screeched like a wounded banshee when opened and closed. These two things turned an otherwise quite good mini-suite into an unimpressive experience.To top my d-e-l-i-g-h-t-f-u-l stay it took almost an hour to get the car brought up and we were left sitting around in the lounge for more than 25 minutes without anyone bothering to let us know what the hell was going, which was only resolved because I waylaided on of the staff to tell me why our car wasn鈥檛 ready yet. It turned out that, despite assurances from the staff on duty that the clustered handling of our arrival at the hotel would be fixed, it hadn鈥檛 been, and the hotel had managed to misplace the car. It was extremely bloody lucky that I had a late onwards flight booked otherwise I would have missed my connections thanks to the god awful way this hotel is run. Sydney Hilton needs to pull its socks up 鈥?service of this level is way below that to be expected from a 5 star hotel 鈥?especially when you鈥檙e paying more than $500 a night for the privilege.My recommendation 鈥?stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MissJaynesjourney
<Content>Tiny rooms Well I had possibly the best hotel breakfast ever here! Complete with a shot of wheat grass ! I stayed in a Deluxe room it was very small, with a claustrophobic bathroom, I thought the room was pretty generic. Service was good enoughand the location great for shopping, not much of a view other than of more buildings, try the Shangri-La for a view and a bigger room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Happy at the Hilton Wow. Beautiful rooms, excellent location, very nice executive facilities. We stayed here for a night, then off to another destination, checking back in for another night...We were able to leave our very large scuba bags with the concierge in the interim. Busses to Circular Quay left just about every 2 minutes from the bus stop across the street. Chinatown and Darling Harbor were an easy walk. Additionally, a stop for the Sydney Explorer was across the street, as well. Not only was this a beautiful, clean hotel with a modern interior that put you at ease the moment you walked in the door, the bed was incredibly comfortable, the dark shades made it easy to recover from a 16-hour flight, and the bathroom included a great shower, bathtub, and all the toiletries you need (minus the toothbrush, but I'm sure that someone would have brought it had you asked). If I have to mention an area for improvement...it would be the elevators. They were painfully slow at times.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Don't come with high expectations - you may be disappointed" Hilton Sydney certainly looks great with new makeover, rooms very modern and excellent location handy for shopping especially.Main concerns would be if you are staying on a weekend reconfirm your room category with the hotel (room type  smoking or non-smoking). Hotel was fully booked and given smoking floor no alternative provided.If you are wanting a room with a view, do not stay here, buildings and more buildings.....Hotel needs to lift act with service level for 4 to 5 star standard. Check-in/check out very slow and restaurant staff too.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyond Brilliant This is the best hotel ever. what are people thinking when they give it a rating less than 5, at least give it a 4. i would never turn down a trip to the Hilton Hotel. it is the best place and would love to go back soon. i think everyone should enjoy the experience. the facilities are great - including the pool - it is so pretty. the rooms look great and are very roomy.in more simple words it is the best hotel.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ithaki
<Content>Brilliant service First time back at new Hilton since its makeover. Several of the staff recognised me which impressed me as I have not stayed there for 5 years - I had a near fatal accident. The doorman must be the best in the business - nothing was any trouble. Love the new look of this place all glass and stainless steel but a real warmth in the colours and textures. I stayed on the executive floor and my room was more than adequate for business and pleasure. Bed extremelly comfortable and no outside noises to disturb you. Executive facilities all excellent. Hotel had very knowledgeable and helpfull staff particularly their late night manager. Glass restuarant excellent and the food was amazing, not your usual meat and three veg - some real flair in the kitchen. Would thoroughly recommend a stay at this fine Sydney icon.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dadsasdasd
<Content>A good hotel   showReview(4050485, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zaubie
<Content>Not good enough!   showReview(3975575, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel for Sydney   showReview(3944560, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My second stay in a couple of weeks   showReview(3937307, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What were you all expecting?   showReview(3895570, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Give it a miss   showReview(3835496, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Passionforservice
<Content>Good effort - but not good enough....   showReview(3810099, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Umm...not that exciting   showReview(3700073, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Phiannaj
<Content>Hilton Grand Opening   showReview(3691797, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid Hilton Sydney Airport   showReview(961499, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione.   showReview(20551002, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19646300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jampi10
<Content>Un hotel fr铆o   showReview(18703929, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎳愩亱銇椼亜銈枫儔銉嬨€溾櫔   showReview(19172917, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄨ█銇ｃ仸銈傝Τ鍏夈伀渚垮埄銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19170582, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾姕缇ゃ伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170488, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄绔嬪湴锛?#x201d;   showReview(19163117, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>骞冲潎鐨勩儝銉儓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162800, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇姕缇?#x201d;   showReview(19161446, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙婄鐐广儸銉欍儷   showReview(19159108, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉椼儷銇ц秴銇婂緱   showReview(19157020, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓栫晫涓仼銇撱伀琛屻仯銇︺倐...   showReview(19924201, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈炲父銇彜銇勫牨鍛娿仹銇欍伩...   showReview(19919733, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

