<Author>freshSouthAfrica
<Content>trendy 5 star hotel if 5 star is your game then this is the place for you. my gf and i stayed at the anantara seminyak for 4 nights dec 21-25.the room is spectacular - you will be blown away. very spacious with a great plasma, bose sounds system and ipod dock - they even give u an ipod loaded with tons of great music!we had a pool access room on the front side of the building. would highly recommend this room unless privacy is a major issue for you. we never had any problems with the privacy but i suppose sometimes someone could try peak into your room from the opposite side of your pvt pool. we loved the fact that we could jump into the pool directly from our suite (pool is shared with 5 other units on the bottom floor - make sure u ask for the pool access suite on the front of the building and not the ones in the middle of the building)the hotel is quiet and you feel like you are in the trendiest hotel in seminyak. the roof top bar is amazing with the best sun set views u will see anywhere in the world. they also gave us free cocktails between 5-7 each evening to watch the sunset. the staff are professional and everyone greets you by your name! was highly impressed. the only minor negative i suppose is the main pool area. the pool is small and there are no deck chairs in front of the pool. you need to catch a deck chair on the grass in front of the beach but this did not really bug us.the beach is not great (but i suppose neither are the beaches anywhere else in seminyak) - if u looking for beautiful beaches with amazing crystal water then seminyak isnt for you - rather go to thailand - we never stepped foot in the sea - just to dirty and unappealing.one other thing regards the pool... sofitel is next door. if u looking for a large pool sorrounded by kids and families then just take a stroll next door to the sofitel. they wont stop you ;) that wasnt our scene so anantaras pool was good enough for us.location is very good. 5 minutes away from the main street with all the best restaurants.. ull need to catch a taxi tho (will cost u about US$2-3 to get to most places) - taxis in seminyak are really cheap.overall great place. dont hesitate if u can afford it!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>IloveBali4ever
<Content>Disappointing The rooms at the Anantara Resort  Spa are very spacious and comfortable. We didn't have any problems with the room whatsoever. We had a lovely ocean front view room.However we were very disappointed with the swimming pool area and the hotels beachfront lawn area. When we go to Bali we like to stay where there is a lovely out door swimming pool, you can relax on a lounge under a tree or umbrella, read a book, get a bit of a tan, have some lovely drinks, listen to the rolls of the ocean and even drift off into a beautiful little sleep. Unfortunately at the Anantara this was not possible for me. The swimming pool and outdoor area is a huge let down. It is a very small pool, it is mainly in the shade  very cold and it is practically in the restaurant. There are no sun lounges around the pool, just bean bags. Have you ever tried to get out of a bean bag wearing bikini's? Let me tell you it is not easy to do so elegantly and very embarrasing when there are people dressed up dinning at the only restaurant at the resort. Then if you wish to relax on the beach front lawn area you are just hounded and hounded by hawkers lining the front of the hotel. They never leave you alone. To get to this lawn area you need to do so by a set of stairs that more resemble a ladder than stairs'- can be tricky. Drink service in this area is near impossible, you actually have to get up and find someone to serve you.Then there is is the issue of the rooftop bar/nightclub. PLEASE what ever you do if you do want to stay at the Anantara- make sure they do not have an international DJ playing. It is so LOUD in your room, you will not sleep all night.To sum it all up, we would not stay at the Anantara again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Myideafix
<Content>Amazing... I'll be back soon!!       Tea-tails  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarcNL
<Content>Heavenly experience!!!! If you want a fantastic heavenly holliday, this is the place to be!! We stayed for 10 days at the Anantara resort in Bali and all we can say is that we had a wonderfull time. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. The Roof top Bar (S.O.S.) has an amazing view over the ocean with lounge sofa's to relax having a cocktail!. The room was above all expectations with an outside jaquizi, a big rain shower! and a big bed!. The food in the Hotel is also great with a big menu! (try the Lobster!) This resort is really something to experience!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JayAnn88
<Content>Great bed at the Anantara My husband  I stayed at the Anantara Seminyak Resort  Spa for two weeks + in Oct/Nov, 2008. The reception area was unusual, being two desks in an open area. The reception staff (Erna) was very polite and took us to our suite to explain the way things worked. The expresso machine was a nice touch but we never enjoyed a cup of coffee together as it made only one cup at a time. We stayed in an ocean view room and could not fault the suite or the view. I enjoyed the jacuzzi on the balcony until I turned it on when the stench of drains spoiled the effect and the ambience. I think the bed was the best part of our holiday as it was the most comfortable imaginable We enjoyed the breakfast with the addition of eggs offered a different way every morning ( very delicious )The staff in the restaurant in particular Komang and Ari made our breakfasts very enjoyable I must say the pool was a disappointment as the only seating offered was beanbags. The lounges were so far away and the walk to get there needed footwear as the wood was so hot The restaurant tables were where the lounges should have been. Perhaps they could have used the area for the tables in the evening. Another thing was the lift which had buttons to the 4th floor. We were on the 5th floor so pressed 4 and supposed we had to walk up one floor. Not so. The lift didn't move and other guests told us we had to press 3 to get to 5. Which was ok when we understood. On the last day we had paid extra (well over $200) for late check out to 6pm (6 hours). We had clothes strewn all over the place as one does when packing, imagine our horror when we returned to the room at 2.30pm to pack  shower and found staff had stripped the bed, removed the towels and were cleaning amidst our things. Not a good end to our holiday  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>troydMelbourne
<Content>absoutley fantastic We were orginally booked into theSofitel which is next door. When we arrived we were told that they were over booked and we were going to be moved to a hotel next door. We must admit that we were a bit annoyed however went along with the change. Well what can I say. From when we checked in to enterning our room we were mind blown. We were on the 3rd level faciing the beach, stunning room, fantastic view and un beleavable service. We have stayed in many places( have been to Bali 8 times now) but i must say the Anatara blew us away. It is not cheap but for a truly amazing experince, it is amust.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peej20
<Content>Honeymoon luxury We chose this hotel as it was new, right by the sea and a recognisable brand. The hotel was lovely. It is a boutique hotel rather than a resort but this is what was lovely about it. The rooms are great - the best I've ever stayed in. Huge bathroom, ridiculously big bed and a great view from the balcony. We never got bored of the view and the sound of the waves.The breakfasts were top-notch. They could not be faulted. The room service was also good as was the hotel restaurant.The bar by the pool was great. We never struggled for a sunbed or pool side bean bag and really enjoyed having cocktails by and in the pool. We went to the rooftop bar one night. It was very good - nice cocktails and an amazing view of the sunset. The area around the hotel is ok, a few cheap eat type places nearby and a few good restaurants and just down the road we found the best spanish restaurant outside spain. A visit to La Sal is a must!All in all we had a great stay. The one issue was that the staff could have been slightly more attentive round by the pool. Sometimes it was difficult to get their attention, especially during set-up for the restaurant or an evening event there.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>tacopat
<Content>10 out of 10 My wife and I recently returned from a wonderful stay at Anantara, Seminyak in Bali . It was our honeymoon and the entire experience at the resort was nothing but positive. Check in was easy, courteous and relaxing. The staff in the entire resort are very friendly and courteous. The resort is located on the beach and our room had an amazing view of the beach and ocean. When we entered the room we just about fell over. It was huge. Marble everywhere on the walls and floor, a true suite with a living room, enormous bathroom and a giant comfy bed with a view of the ocean even from the toilet! There is a Jacuzzi outside on the balcony so you can lounge in your tub and watch the sunset.The resort had its own yoga master in house which was really great for us as we have always wanted to try yoga. We took two yoga classes right on the beach with him and loved it. A great way to start the day. The breakfast is really nice, with a huge selection of fresh things, fruit, breads and cold cuts. They make latt茅s and cappuccinos for you and have fresh squeezed juice. They also bring you hot food like omelets and waffles. At night they have a Thai restaurant and the food was really superb and not badly priced for the quality. We did eat out two nights near the hotel but the food was not very good compared to the resort. There is an amazing sun set bar on the rooftop with giant lounge style seats to watch the sunset. We went up there almost every night to watch the sunset and visit with other guests. The resort also has its own spa where we each had a couples massage together. The room was very relaxing and the therapists were excellent. It was our first Balinese massage and I would highly recommend trying one. I give this resort a 10 out of 10 and we will be back again next year for sure!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RockyNewZealand
<Content>Fantastic Anantara Seminyak I had a hard time convincing my partner to visit Bali due to her impressions of the area. We contacted our travel agent who has great admiration for Bali and its people and asked her to find us somewhere to stay for 12 days. She suggested a few places and we decided on the Antantara Seminyak due to its location and access to restaurants etc and the beach. Our whole experience there was absolutely amazing and the Anantara room we had was the most luxurious room we have ever had. It had a lovely balcony with an outdoor bath and a large daybed and the interior of the room was spacious and well appointed. The service in all aspects was amazing and the staff here are outstanding, very obliging and go out of their way for you. The breakfasts each day were very fresh and tasty with a full menu (including lattes!) and we also dined in their restaurant in the evening for alot of the time that we were there as the food was very well priced and well presented (saved us taxi fares etc so well worth staying in). The Sunset Bar on the top floor of the Hotel with the large loungers was lovely in the evenings to watch the sunset but we also had just as good a view from our room. Included in our stay were two 90 minute massages and these were completed in peaceful surroundings up in the Spa (rather than the beach type where everyone is trying to sell you something) We have come home feeling very relaxed and with alot of lovely memories of this wonderful resort and the area.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Canigs
<Content>Fantastic 5 star Resort What an experience! From the moment you check in and recieve your complimentary iced drink and cold towel in the very cool lobby lounge until the moment you check out, you feel like a VIP.The Anantara Resort knows how to treat its guests. The Resort itself is amazing, a new property having just opened in April 2008, it exudes quality and top shelf service.When we were shown to our room, we were gob smacked, the Ananatara rooms would have to be the best rooms we have ever stayed in. A huge 98sqm, separate dressing room, huge luxury bathroom, a toilet with a view of the beach!! big living area, flatscreen TV and a balcony to die for, with a Jacuzzi overlooking the beach and Balinese sunset.......you even get your own Ipod with a docking station in the room and Bose sound system.On top of all this the staff were amazing, they couldnt do enough for you and the small touches make all the difference ie remembering what you orederd at breakfast the previous day, remembering your name and making you feel like your requests were their pleasure to deliver, are all hallmarks of a true 5 star experience.To top off each day, go up to the SOS rooftop bar, sit yourself down in a day bed with a cocktail and watch the incredible Balinese sunset with the sound of relaxing music in the background.If you want to really spoil yourself in Bali then definitely stay at the Anantara and experience a whole new level of style!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneScott23
<Content>Stay at The Samaya instead We have been going to Bali for many years now and have stayed at a number of the five star hotels. Do not stay at the Anantara if this is what you are expecting. Mould in the bathroom, broken coffee table, swimming in a restaurant, waiters who struggle to understand even the most basic requests.  If you are willing to pay US $400++ per night I suggest the best play to stay is The Samaya located in Seminyak. The surrounds of the pool area are as big as the whole area of the Anantara and you do not feel as though you are cramped in. The private villa rooms are magnificent ensuring absolute privacy when you want it. The staff are well trained and have no problem in dealing with all requests. When we decided to leave The Anantara I rang the General Manager at The Samaya, Mr Ray Clark and he did everything to organise a room for us even though they were incredibly busy. He is a great bloke. The Samaya is by far the best Five star hotel to stay at in Seminyak.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	2	4	1	3	

<Author>Andy196
<Content>Sleek We recieved an upgrade to this hotel right on Seminyak beach. Hotel is sleek  modern with a nice indoor outdoor feel to the roms and public spaces. Service from staff excellent as expected from the Balinese. Rooms are thoughtfully fitted out with everything anyone could want for a relaxing holiday. The espressso coffee maker was a nice touch. Great entertainment system too. Sunset on six [S.O.S] the rooftop bar is for the exclusive use of the in house guests, a shame because despite the great views, outdoor lounges and smart interior the place was generally empty. Apart from one or two guests enjoying happy hour it lacked the amount of people to create a great atmosphere.Many cocktails on the list in this bar and the poolside bar included white rum. For the entire time we were there we could not order these cocktails as they had no rum. I asked if the FB manager could be informed of this as we would happily buy them if they could get some in for us. Not sure where the rum was coming from but it never did arrive. We were interested to learn from the staff at SOS that the restaurant is not open on this floor as the local government is having an issue with Anantara based on building height restrictions. The restaurant area reflected this and looked half completed. Overall Anantara has a great location, excellent staff, wonderfull breakfasts, spa and pools. Uber chic with a distinct Bali feel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>D3v
<Content>Anantara Bali best hotel We stayed there for our honeymoon for 2 weeks, ocean front view is an absolute must the staff and food was fantastic the staff go out of their way to make you welcome. This type of room gives you alot of privacy and you and you should try to the highest floor the 5th just ask in advance as we did. The layout of the room was very classy as with the hotel. Deffo the best hotel in seminyak a bit pricey but worth it.To travel local get the bluebird taxis as they wont rip you off and put meter on. We had a driver who took us everywhere for about 250.000 rupiah and gave an extra 50.000 as tip, sounds alot but its only 拢20 for 8-9 hrs. You have to barter for everything eg.watches,clothes,wallets  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kiwi3604
<Content>Outstanding Anantara Resort We stayed at the Anantara Resort for two nights in a great beach front sutie clearly designed by a romantic with great taste. Inside, the room was divided into a dressing room, bathroom and bedroom. The bathroom had a fantastic shower for two, great bath and all that you would expect from a top end hotel. The bed was huge and very comfortable. Small but important features included a Bose sound system including an Ipod connection. The balcony had a large spa and day bed, again tastefully designed and private. What makes the Anantara more unique is the fact that management have blended great accommodation with fantastic service. Genuinely warm and professional staff went out of their way to make our stay very enjoyable. The infinity pool was perfect; breakfast poolside was an absolute pleasure. The safe focus on quality running through the resort was exhibited in the food 鈥?the omelette for example had the addition of vintage 1998 cheddar was one of the many options. The beach was peaceful by Bali standards. All in all a great two nights  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paul026
<Content>some food for thought before pressing "BOOK NOW" For the anantara group to market this property as a resort facility along the lines of it鈥檚 other resorts鈥?is totally disingenuous. Other reviewers have quite generously referred to this property as more a boutique style type hotel. I am inclined to call a spade a spade .It is a beachfront Apartment complex. Quite a luxurious apartment complex at that, but nonetheless that is, what it is. A, 5 star hotel, with a matching service, it most certainly is not, and, if the Anantara group thinks so, they need a serious reality check. If a luxurious, funky and trendy, sexy type room and real cool like accommodation is important for you. If a place were you can bath away the stresses of life, preferably with your significant other, in one of 2 sunken bath's provided, is also a must, and If you want to sip cocktails in the evening, and be seen with the apparent movers and shakers on the bali social scene then this could well be the place for you to go. If on the other hand you are looking for a resort that offers a truly genuine and quality type service. If you want a hotel were attention to detail is important. If you desire to stay at a place were you feel valued and respected as a guest, (not as an item on a hotel computer,) then I strongly suggest you find an alternative.   First let me look at the good points. I had a room to die for, it was beautiful .I had probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The rooms shower and bathroom are fantastic. The Bose surround system and IPod deck is excellent features, and, its sea view suites, with the sounds of the waves, and spectacular views, are heavenly. The quality of the breakfast and the food in general is very good, and although expensive by Balinese standards, I still found food and beverages represented good value for money. If I had just wanted to stay in my room and look at the sea and order room service, then I would not have had any problems... The Anantara Bali offers absolutely nothing in terms of what any decent resort facility or 5 star hotels should offer. The pool area is cramped, there is no place to sit except in its restaurant or on a bean bag,(comfortable for a child not someone over 50) There is no place to leave your belongings unless you get up at 6 in the morning and leave a towel on one of its premium sun beds.(reminders of the jokes about the Germans and sun beds on the Costa del sol in the 70's) However if you do this, the chances are that you will be able to hear the conversation of the person/people sitting next to you, its a cramped and congested area. This facility has no place to shower before entering the pool. It has no place to wash sand from your feet after coming from the beach.(for a beachfront property a bit of an oversight I would think) If you have a swim at the pool and want to use a toilet, you have to walk through the dining room to get to it. If you use the gent鈥檚 toilet please be prepared to view the person in the cubicle next to you, a major design flaw. and (probably another oversight) It has 59 suites and 30 sun beds, in an uneven tiny like garden, all on top of each other, so do the sums yourself. In my time here, there was a constant smell of sewage in the lobby area, and the elevator used by guests was also constantly and I mean constantly being used by hotel personnel, obviously there was no dedicated service elevator. In isolation some would say, just minor problems. Combine them together and it becomes and became a major irritantit was patently obvious that some of the young boys and girls servicing this hotel had been thrown in at the deep end. Some seemed to have little or no training, with poor English language skills. They were at the same time quite courteous and efficent.However, it is grossly unfair of the management of this facility to expect them to deliver anything matching a service for which guests paying close on 500 $US a night are quite entitled to expect. Unlike its sister hotel in the golden triangle, a fantastic RESORT (see separate review if you wish) young trainee waiters/waitresses there, are under the visible supervision of more older and quite obviously highly skilled and trained staff. Therefore, possible embarrassing and awkward interactions (language difficulties etc) are avoided. I will never forget my initial greeting at this hotel, after a 5 hour flight and a 1 hour 30 minute wait for a visa on arrival; I didn鈥檛 get a greeting welcoming me. I was first asked for my credit card, even before I handed over my passport.  There were many things that were not right. .I tried to phone for a wake up call,(twice),.and the phone wasn鈥檛 answered, resulting in me having to go down to reception and find someone. The place is top heavy with security. There are service personnel running around for their star attraction sunset at 6, or SOS, and then they have no one to answer their phones. They could change currency at very favorable rates to the hotels advantage but, they could not change a 100000 rupiah note into smaller money. Part of the problem with one of their front of house staff was, she was to busy doing something else to be bothered with such a minor request. Poor, very poor customer care, permeated this place, and front of house staff did not seem to have any idea of the type of standards, one would easily takes for granted in a brand name, 5 star hotel. From their website it is very obvious that the anantara seem very proud of their brand. I am very glad that I went to the anantara in the golden triangle before my visit here. Had I chosen to come to Bali first, I would most certainly have cancelled my trip to that resort. This must surely raise a question for the anantara group. .There is absolutely no comparison whatsoever, between the quality of service levels offered by the anantara in the golden triangle, and this facility. In fact on a three week vacation in this region, I had excellent services provided by the sofitel in hua hin, the anantara in the golden triangle, the Ritz Carlton in Singapore and finally the dusit thani in Bangkok. Which bring me back to my initial point? Call a spade a spade. The anantara Bali, is a beachfront apart hotel, offering very limited resort facilities, and offers a decent 3 star service. The price they charge in relation to the service they provide is extortionate and totally of the wall. If you are looking for a Sheraton/ Ritz/ Carlton/ Hyatt- predictable type quality service, think seriously before you press the book now button for the anantara seminyak. All of these other, aforementioned resorts come in at a much lower cost than it does. On another far more serious note, with regard to the posting by the lady from Bangkok who suggests you leave the kids at home, please take her advice seriously. I would have serious reservations as to the suitability of the higher suites for small children. The balconies are very large and very beautiful, with a fabulous sunken bath... However, it looked to me, (and I could be wrong) that a small child while playing, could fall through the wooden slates as she suggests. So if you do bring young kids be prepared to be on a watch out 24/7 or to be on the safe side, insist on a suite at ground floor/ or pool access level. With young/small childrenFinally, I have being coming to Bali on and off now for close on 30 years. I have stayed a lot of hotels ranging from 3/5 star. There is far better to be had for half the price.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	3	2	3	1	

<Author>MunichSoxGirl
<Content>Absolutely perfect!       Anantara Luxury  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bangkokmum
<Content>Leave the kids at home! We stayed at the Anantara with our four-year-old daughter. We have stayed at other Anantara resorts in Thailand in the past and they could not be more child friendly. But this hotel seems to be a major departure for Anantara. The Bali hotel is super chic, super cool and has been deliberately set up to be a couples-only resort. Nothing wrong with that, of course, but they just need to signpost it a bit more clearly.There are many many top-class features, including the great rooms, great bar and great breakfast. I particularly liked the free yoga class on the sundeck overlooking the beach. However, it is totally unsuitable for the little ones 鈥?so my best advise is leave them at home and come and hang out with the beautiful people like you used to before the kids arrived!Seriously though, there are many aspects that would be of serious concern to many parents 鈥?the wooden slats on the balconies are so far apart a child could fall through; there is no shallow end of the pool; there are lots of sharp edges in the architecture, furniture that are an accident waiting to happen.For all you child-less people book it today 鈥?you'll have a lovely time!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>lovinalan
<Content>Had a truly fantastic time !!!! An amazing hotel !!! we stumbled upon the Anantara by accident really , feed up with sub standard hotels we had stayed in Bali and looking for some peace and tranquility we booked in for 7 nights and i have to say by the end i had to be shoved out the door !!! even though we were heading to the Four Seasons in Jimbaran.From the start i was really impressed with the service and attention.The welcome when we arrived was second to none and made us feel so relaxed !The room was simply sublime huge with a wonderful ambience and the best priced mini bar i have come across .The breakfast was astounding a buffet plus a fantastic menu ,you could have something new every day and even though we were there for a week, we still hadn't tried nearly half the menu .The roof top bar is the place to watch the most beautiful sunset and enjoy great cocktails, i could really go on and on but i have to mention the staff some of the best I have ever encountered ,they made it such a memorable stay from the best manicure to the wonderful resturant , they really look after you and nothing is too much trouble , i do have one fault the hotel dosn't have enough poolside beds so we were often left without one maybe thats something there working on but hey nothings perfect !!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chibu
<Content>way below expectation I have to say that the only thing that will save the hotel is its staff. They are friendly and very accommodating.My dissappointment started as soon as I entered the room. I have specifically requested for a higher floor ocean view room upon booking, but I was given room #313 which was directly on top of the entrance of the hotel and public beach entrance, so the view was the worst and the people from outside can actually peer into the room (and bathroom)Nevertheless, they moved me to room 513. During the 2 hours of waiting to move rooms, I tried the bar on 6th floor (SOS). Definitely the place to see sunset as it is just simply marvelous!The view from 513 is also not great because it is exactly the same location as 313 but just slightly higher.Around 01:00am, there was a sudden smell of sewage odor that filled up the room. I actually noticed the smell along the corridors of the hotel throughout the day, but it didn't get into the room till that early hour of the morning.They then moved me to room 401, and I was very glad  very upset at the same time.The room is very much bigger than the previous 2 rooms given to me earlier...at the same price!!! The view is also much nicer because the room is located at the other end of the hotel, so it feels more private than 313 or 513 side.I was so dissappointed with the hotel, so I informed the manager in charge that I am going to cut my stay short and move to The Legian instead. Tha Manager (Ivan) was very apologetic of all the discomforts that I went through. In the morning, the other staff (Vera) was also trying to persuade us to stay another night by throwing a free dinner. But I have lost faith in this place.I will not go back to Anantara Bali again because it is not worth the price, and it also does not have the privacy as other resorts along the same beach (Samaya  The Legian) because the lawn is just sooo small. The beach in front of Aanantara is full with people who sell all sort of things and renting sunbed and umbrella.Although the room is super modern  nice, the bathroom need better cleaning up as I notice some moulds starting to grow in the shower and the jacuzzi at the balcony.I would say that this place is not a resort but just a nice little hotel. So, it is just not worth the price they are charging at present time.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>abbyhazell
<Content>Anantara funky but not old school service We stayed at the Anantara for 7 days during our honeymoon. It is a lovely hotel but make sure you have a sea facing room. The roof top bar is lovley for sunset. It is defo luxury although you don't get the same level of service and food /drink as you would in an Oberoi etc. It's funky and more luxury Ibiza than romantic retreat. Having come from Ubad and having stayed in a beautiful private villa in kupa Kupa Berong this was too built up for us. The rooms are great, the beds amazing but the food / drink and the fact that you can see other peoples balconies is a bit of a shame - the best funky hotel in seminyek but we wouldn't go back to the area too touristy.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>not ready...       view from our suite, amazing location  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>Ed05
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel I agree with the other reviewers of this hotel. It is an excellent boutique hotel in a great location. The rooms are fantastic and it was great to be able to sit outside in the jacuzzi looking up at the sky. The staff arre very friendly if a little on the slow side but I was on holiday and didnt mind this.The rooftop bar was great for sunset, I would advise to reserve a bed at the front if you want the best view. I noticed these were sometimes given to non hotel residents .The cocktails are poor and you should go somewhere else if you want to make a night of it and The australian bar manager seemed more interested in schmoozing with people he knew than taking care of hotel guests.Little points but irritating nonetheless.One thing that did bother me was that there is not a service lift in the hotel this meand the very small lifts are generally full of hotel staff taking things to and fromm different floors. They do try and get out for guests but this is not always possible.The rooms and location more than make up for these minor points and I wholeheatedly recommend staying here  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelsnob36
<Content>Totally gorgeous! The Anantara was the first hotel of our 2 week leg in Bali. When we arrived they offer you a welcome drink of pimms (in a trendy funky glass) and a cold towel. Our room was superb, you couldn't ask for anything nicer! We had an ocean front room on the 3 rd floor but asked to be moved to the 5th floor as we wanted a little more privacy on our balcony. This was no problem and we moved a few hours later. There are 2 baths one inside and one on your balcony! The shower room is lovely and you can opt for the rain shower or just a normal shower. The bed is huge and so comfy, you just melt into the pillows. The toiletries are lovely and you get so many lovely soaps! Everynight they put a chocloate or something on your pillow-nice touch! The room is so clean and they change the linen daily.Breakfast was lovely and you can sit out by the pool to eat. They have a good menu and would cater to your needs. The sun beds were like double beds which is nice, they can be seperated if you want. They bring you a basket with water, apples and a menu in case you want to order food  drinks. They also bring you complimentray fruit with chocolate dipping sauce and ice cold flannels. We ate at their restaurant Wild Orchid on the first night and the food was lovely, but we soon realised the hotel restaurants are over priced and you can eat in Seminyak or the Legion for much less. The roof top bar on the 6th floor is amazing! Sun set is beautiful and you feel as though you can reach up from the huge sofas you are stretched out on and pick the stars out of the sky! It had a real chilled Ibiza vibe to it. I wanted to buy everything in the room and take it home, it was so lovely! Would love to go back!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MatthewRob
<Content>Amazingly large rooms. Stayed here after a secluded stay in Nusa Dua. I booked through a local travel agent, Bali Discovery, who got a great deal.The hotel is in Seminyak, which was much more buzzing than the tranquility of Nusa Dua. It is located directly on the beach right behind the Sofitel. The Seminyak beach is great for surfers, but the waves can be intimidating for other swimmers.The hotel is brand new and well appointed. I agree with others, it is more boutique in style than resort (which is a good thing). The rooms are very large with a living area and fantastic bathroom. The shower head was massive and had various settings! I was on the ground floor...getting to the room felt like you were almost going underground to the staff quarters...but once in the room it was great. There was also a separate closet area and dressing room! The balcony area had a jacuzzi bath and was directly on a beautiful pool, which I never saw anybody around.Breakfast was fine. No amazingly large spread, but adequate and is right by the pool on the beach side. The pool is raised from the beach and infinity edge, which is a great view.There is also a rooftop bar and restaurant, which I didn't go to, but I heard is pretty good and had an international DJ playing sunset tunes on Friday and Saturday evenings.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>binksy61
<Content>Sensational Hotel, But not a Resort...!       The Suite from the bathroom  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VTVGrant
<Content>Hated leaving after 7 days We have just finished from a week at the Anantara. We are a professional couple that travel the world working while we travel. Great way to work and make money in great locations. I have been to Bali about 10 times staying at the Four Seasons, Amans, etc. The Anantara was a breath of fresh air and very hip. For those who have been to Bali it is like Ku De Ta but in a resort. Great big rooms, bath, outdoor spa, great pools, awesome cocktail bar, great views of the ocean from your room and free WIFI. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bigapplebruce
<Content>Fabulous Five Star in Paradise What can one call a hotel that provides a guest with every comfort, attention to detail in every respect, great food  drink and a staff that goes beyond the call of duty to afford a guest every single comfort possible? Call it the Anantara Seminyak in Bali. Call it WONDERFUL...SUPERB.A treat to the eye and senses. I highly recommend this beauty of a luxury property and would place it atop your list of 'must visits'.A more than happy guest---B. Garfield  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

