<Author>Yamster
<Content>Satisfactory business hotel I was in Mexico City for work for two nights, and I got a corporate rate through the organization I was working with (around US$90/night). The hotel is in a convenient location as far as accessing public transportation. My room was clean and given that I spent so little time in it, it was perfectly adequate while not being anything special. I'm a fluent Spanish speaker and I used to live in DF, so I really didn't need to rely on hotel staff for anything, so I can't comment on service. For the price I paid, I have no complaints.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Pumiko
<Content>Come and go, a busy hotel Me and my friend stayed there 4 nights. No rudeness mentioned on these pages was experienced. Bell boy Jesus is absolutely amazing, he speaks very good English, he knows everything and is ready to help. The few contact we had with the reception was normal and the staff at the breakfast was very friendly all the time. Our arrival was at 9am and the room was ready for us. We also went to have a breakfast right after checking in and never had to pay for it - we still don't know if it was a gift or a mistake... The breakfast itself was satisfactory and filling. The room was on the 4th floor, spacious but nothing special. We loved the beds, both large. No problems with the cleanliness but the fittings in the bathroom were a bit rusty. The location of the hotel is perfect both for sightseeing and entertainment. The street is a bit noisy in the mornings and our particular room didn't have much of daylight or warmth by the sun, as the view was blocked by another high hotel. NH is also a large building, people are coming and leaving, lot of time spent waiting for the elevator which usually comes packed. Anyway, we didn't spend much time inhouse, so the impersonal atmosphere was no bother for us.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Batz
<Content>I was a repeat NH customer, until I stayed here . . . I booked what I thought was a great rate at the NH hotels corporate website. The rate was to include breakfast, two welcome cocktails, and a bottle of tequila. The tequila never happened, and I had to argue with the frequently rude reception staff to get the welcome cocktails. This is what I call 'fraud' and I would warn prospective guests to triple-check everything with the property management prior to checking in. Based on my experience, it's obvious that the hotel is not compliant with the NH reservations network.Additionally, our reservation was for a queen-sized bed. But, after checking in and getting a single bed, I was told that 'standard rooms' have 'standard' beds. I insisted on a bigger bed, and was put into a different room on a nicer floor, though the bed was the exact same size. I then insisted on a room with two beds, and was accommodated only when I threatened to cancel the 2nd-6th nights of our stay. Management was nowhere to be seen, and the busy meeting/conference rooms on 1st and 2nd floor made using the elevators a miserable experience during the day. Get on the elevator in the lobby, stop at floor 1, and 15+ people cram on, to go the 2nd floor. They get off, and another 15 cram on, to go to the first floor, even though the elevator is going up, and so on.The beds were like rocks; I don't understand the concept of hard-as-rock beds. Why invest in beds at all, if they are as hard as the floor?The room was stylish, though the appointments were somewhat dated, and the bathroom tiny. The floor got soaked each time the shower was used, and housekeeping was stingy with towels, even though I requested a few extras due to the shower problem. The shower head was old, and the water pressure was ridiculously strong, wasting hundreds of gallons of water in this city where clean water is scarce. There was no clock in the room, nor on the t.v. The wakeup call one morning never happened. The lock box/safe was tiny.Apparently rooms on the upper floors of the hotel are udpated and cost more. We were originally put onto the 5th floor, which I would characterize as 'stanky' due to the ugly, old, and stained carpeting in the hallways and the room. When we were moved to the 6th floor, the room was much nicer just due to the hardwood floors.Breakfast was the best part of the stay. The restaurant was clean and well-appointed. There were little things like having skimmed milk on day 1, but not on any other day, that give me doubts about the quality of the management. One other example for this point: it's unacceptable to wait 10 minutes for a cup of coffee when there are roughly the same number of staff on the floor as there were seated customers. The food was OK, and thankfully the variety included European style sandwiches, pastries, and cheeses, which was good because the hot Mexican and American dishes weren't always hot. On one day, most of the yoghurt cups had serve-by dates printed on them that predated the current date.Overall I rate this hotel poorly because of the reservation 'bait-and-switch' that NH shamelessly administered on its website.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>dominiquedefrance
<Content>worst service ever We staid at this hotel just recently and the experience could not have been worse. The service at the hotel is so rude and horrible. At check-in the reception staff permanently dealt with other things and let us just stand there and it took 25 minutes to check in. We had booked for 2 nights - a single and a double room. The receptionist asked us 3 times if we needed 2 keys for the double room (which we needed) in the end we got one key. Both keys were valid for just one night - so we had to get down to the reception again and re-valid our key after trying to open our doors the next day.NH hotel is perfectly located in the Zona Rosa. We disregarded the bad service and booked for one more night. To make sure that we could stay in our rooms we double checked with the reception the evening before our 3rd night should start and everything seemed fine. The next day we went again to the reception and there was Yan, a rude and unfriendly employe - not know how a hotel reception team member should behave and treat guests. She was so rude, told us that we would have to move rooms as she did not know and I told her that everything had been fixed the evening before. She continued to be rude, all of a sudden dealt with one of the bell boys, turned towards some other guests and did not care of us anymore - it was so embaressing. All of a sudden she turned back and asked for the written reservation. We told that we didn't have it with us and she said she would need it. I told her that they didn't ask for a written reservation at check-in neither and that I saw the eveninmg before that they had our additional night reservation. She turned back to somebody else and we had enough and left.The service at the restaurant is horrible too - bad organisation an dthey do not remove the trash and used plates from the tables - chat in a corner. You order som cold milk for your coffee and the waiter enters the kitchen and never comes back. Through the glass window you see them chat with the cooks. Even if you show up late and there are just less than 10 people in the restaurant they still do not clean up their mess and you have to get up and get your own coffee even if there should be a coffee service. The last day we had breakfast somehwre else as I did not want to start the day with so much unprofessional stuff.But this whole ignorance obviously is the hotel 's permanent system.I immediately wrote and email through the hotels website and told them about our trouble and asked to get a contact to management. Can you imagine that even after the second contact we still have no answer? This hotel seems to me without any captain and nearly ship-wrecked - no service - no smile - no care about guests and it will have been our very last stay at a NH hotel!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>gilead
<Content>Have a gay ole time       The Hotel  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Pablicius
<Content>Great hotel, great location       Independencia from the hotel  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meco
<Content>Great Hotel, Friendly Staff in the Heart of Zona Rosa My sister and I visited Mexico City on February 07 and stayed in the NH Hotel Mexico City 3 nights. We were impressed on the service we received and how friendly the staff were. There was security 24 hours a day. Never felt unsafe. Our room was always clean with no odors. WE don't smoke and it was nice to get a room that we couldn't smell it. They have cable TV with English Channels. We didn't watch much TV but just in case the readers would like to know. The breakfast buffet offered at the hotel was good if you like small breakfasts, but not great. They lack variety. I recommend readers to go to Sanborns Restaurant. Is only a block away from the hotel. We know that a lot of travelers are concerned with safety in Mexico City. With the new government in place, they have doubled the police force and you can really see it. You will feel safe. They have FREE internet services, a plus to keep in touch with family. I will highly recommend this hotel and will definately stay here again. I love Mexico CIty. !!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>downtownrub
<Content>Loved this place! My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights.Great location in the wonderful Zona Rosa area. Very close to the metro. Great staff. Great value. Great experience.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ptr39
<Content>Very bad hotel staff service On October 13, 2006, I arrived at NH Hotel in Mexico City on a business trip. I had reserved a specific room prior to my arrival. When I got there the NH Hotel staff informed me that the room was not available and their attitude was a complete lack of interest toward providing an equivalent room. They basically told me take what we have or leave. I have traveled to many different countries and have stayed at many good hotels. And this is the first time I have experienced this type of bad service at a establish hotel chain.At no time did the NH hotel staff offer to help. I do not recommend this hotel if you expect the hotel staff to be client service oriented.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>brian_washdc
<Content>Good hotel, good location, different than the rest For my recent business trip I tried to stay at my usual favorite hotel in Mexico City, Condesa DF, but it was booked solid for the week. So I read the reviews here at TripAdvisor and picked the NH Mexico City. Having read the warnings about the non-renovated rooms, I paid up to a higher rate US$140/night and got a nice, renovated room. The rooms are nicely decorated and the bathrooms are stylish. I've stayed at other NH properties in Amsterdam, Madrid, Buenos Aires, and elsewhere, and I've always appreciated the design of the rooms and the style of the lodging. I would have to say that the NH Mexico City is consistent with the chain and I would stay here again. If you're in a renovated room, you have access to the Club NH on the 14th floor, which was a very nice lounge with a beautiful view of downtown Mex City, flat screen TVs, and nice furnishings. They have an ok breakfast buffet here, but it's way overpriced, at 140 pesos plus obligatory tip bringing it to over US$15. The only other complaint I have, and it's actually one that might keep me from staying here -- the internet connection. They have WiFi access, but the connection itself was unreliable and even when it was working, the throughput for downloading files was unimpressive. I do a lot of moving of files and I could not successfully download a 100MB file on the connection because it was so slow, and it would cut out at times. To have paid more than $11/day for a connection so unreliable felt like highway robbery. Curiously though, they only billed me for two days when I used it for four days. PROS:--Good location--Reliable service--Stylish, clean accomodations--Larger rooms than other Mex City hotelsCONS:--Overpriced breakfast (but you could eat in a restaurant nearby on the street for much less if you want).--Slow internet connection (also MXN120 per day).--Most confusing hotel invoice I've ever received...the numbers didn't add up, and there were confusing taxes all over it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>airportsarefun
<Content>The Lobby is Deceiving I just got back from a four-night stay at NH Mexico City. The lobby looks newly redecorated and makes a decent first impression. However, once I stepped into the hallway of the 7th floor where my room was, I thought I was in a different hotel! An ugly and dated carpet lead the way to my equally dated and ugly room. The ceilings were low with several cracks. The beds were ultra firm (which I didn't mind) and the fixtures (light switches, bathroom mirror, etc) were crookedly attached to the walls. Overall the room (dingy and staid) was the complete opposite of the hotel lobby which exudes a modern and sleek feeling. I had gotten a great discount online and had read on this site to be aware that that this might afford me one of the pre-renovated rooms. I should have taken heed. I could have paid the extra $25US to upgrade to an executive room but wanted to deal as little as possible with the front desk. They were unhelpful and futzed up my reservation. I was locked out of my room the last night. When I got to the front desk I was told that I needed to present my room coupon by the same woman who checked me in and took my coupon. She said she never took it. Rather than argue, I went to the business center to print out the coupon again. The printer wouldn't print and the ladies at the business center had no clue why. I finally asked to use the computer they were using. Also, housekeeping had a tendency to knock as they opened the door to my room every morning at 8:30 AM. It served as great wake-up call but if you intend to sleep in be sure to put the No Molestar sign outside.My suggestion is: only stay at NH if you plan on getting an upgrade (although I haven't actually seen the upgraded rooms) and don't expect the best service. Otherwise, the location is central and enjoy the free internet stations in the very deceptively nice lobby.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>mrbluesjr
<Content>! It was Nice but Rough As you enter, you walk into a very modern, well lit lobby with two free internet stations available. The visit began with an extremely friendly Alejandro helping us to our room and making interesting suggestions.  The room was OK. Not quite clean. But we noticed a card on the desk that offered an upgrade to a suite for $25 USD. Within minutes af the time the upgrade order was placed, the power to the room went out. Four hours later, we still had no power(most of the hotel had power) and had not been moved to the new room.  Guadalupe (I didn't learn her last name) was quite surley and downright rude at the front desk when my wife attempted to procure an upgrade room with electricity. Within five and one half hours of our arrival to the hotel, we had a decent room. All of the doors are hollow. You can hear everything that goes on in the hall, doors to other rooms, etc. The beds were very nice and comfy. The upgraded room had a great bathroom. It is located in a great part of the city. We only had breakfast at the restaurant, but it was very good, at a good price(for a hotel). There are many great hotels in this area and at the price of a nights stay at the NH, it would be wise to pick another, nearby hotel. Glenn Patrik  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ezra
<Content>Very bad customer service I've stayed several times at this hotel, in the renovated rooms with access to wireless internet. This time I reserved through priceline at $59 per night. When checking in I was told that I my rate was not for the nicer rooms, and internet was not available in them. This irrated me somewhat because all those limitations are not stated in the reservation.I went up to the room and all the plugs near the desk where 2 prongs..versus the needed 3. I called reception for an adapter/extension, and they informed me that they were all out that I could buy one at the gift shop.I found this unacceptable, and walked out of the hotel. Please be aware that if you book a special rate through a website like priceline you will be treated like a second class citizen having to sleep in the broom closet.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location in Zona Rosa Stayed here three nights with a friend and found it very comfortable.When checking in we were told our rate was for one of the older rooms so we paid the little extra to get one of the newly decorated rooms and was not disappointed.The room was big, and had hardwood or pergo-like floors which was a welcome change to the usual carpeted room. Nice view of the surrounding streets.AC and Hot water, very good bathroom shampoos/soaps, etc...The location is close to Insurgentes Metro stop and easily within walking distance of the main calles of the Zona Rosa.I have to give a compliment to the staff also. They all were very nice and kind.We checked out early in the morning to catch our flight and the computers were temporarily down. The security man made us a fresh cup of coffee while we waited.I will stay here again.The only negative thing I can say is that the beds are very firm, almost too firm.But I got used to it by the 2nd night.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So so Nice breakfast buffet and internet in the lobby, but our room was very old, not really clean, dirty and humid carpet, badly painted, water dripping all the time in the bathroom, safe deposit in the room did not work, looked as door had been opened by force during a visit by previous guest.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Love this hotel, location and service. After reading other online reviews of this hotel (in the Zona Rosa of Mexico City), I was very hopeful our stay would be excellent and all my expectations were met.This hotel (we paid about $85/per night) is excellent. It's renovations are all complete and it is gorgeous. We enjoyed excellent service (assistance with booking tours was easy and great), a clean, new, modern room and amenities and even wi-fi access. If you stay on a higher floor, you have an excellent view - we were on the back side of the hotel and could see Mexico's best known monument on Paseo de la Reforma and all the highrises along that street.The only issue we had was that it was a little pricy for wi-fi- $12usd per day and the speed was only fair. I plan to return the N-H hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only 50% of the hotel is renovated!!! NH says on the internet that the hotel is newly renovated. This is only partially true because they've renovated only the lobby, the elevators and approx. 50% of the rooms. So, if you are unlucky you get a room equipped with furniture from the 80s. The receptionist explained that when you book online you do not get the newly renovated rooms (which they show online)!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel..in a great location I stayed at this hotel in november of 2004, a pleasant time of year to visit the great Mexico City I might add. This hotel is very centrally located in the Zona Rosa which is the touristy part of Mexico city. It is within walking distance to the independencia angel monument (which is something you must see in person to truly appreciate). As far as the neighborhood goes..it is best described as modern-hipster..kind of like the castro district in san francisco...though with a younger vibe. Read..very alternative lifestyle evident here. Though the area is very urban i did not once feel threatened...and felt much safer there than in many American cities. The hotel is nice..but not extravagant..the restaurant is overly pricy and so is the gift shop. The lobby was open and well lit...and the staff was courteous. The room was fair...the carpet seemed dated..and the water in the shower seemed very hard (though since I have never been to any other hotels outside the U.S. I am not sure if this phenomenon is more widespread). All in all it was a nice stay. though, this is mostly due to the hotel's location and proximity to the area's museums and monuments than to the attributes of the hotel itself.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Doglovr
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Savvy, spotless, perfect location, great price We just got back from two nights at the NH Hotel in the Zona Rosa and were very pleased. We got a room with a nice view and all the amenities that we asked for. Large, comfortable rooms with great king-size beds. Perfect location in the Zona Rosa - close to many restaurants, banks, the subway, the Paseo de la Reforma, where you feel very safe day or night walking around by yourself. The only complaint I had was I would have liked an ice machine in the hallway but you have to call room service to get ice. Nice-looking lobby and rooms and extremely professional, expedient check-in and an awesome late check-out of 1 pm.You will not be disappointed - and those of you with alternative lifestyles will be equally pleased at the location.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Back again! On our trip through Mexico we stayed three nights at the NH Hotel Mexico City. Everything was excellent: a very clean and calm room (on the ninth floor), with all comfort you can imagine (till toothbrushes, toothpaste, wax for shoes, ...), the breakfast buffet was tremendous and the staff was friendly and competent (spoke even french!). We felt that in this hotel all is made so that the customer feelshimself well. Be sure that, if once we come again to Mexico, we will stay at the NH.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taniabh
<Content>ask for a new room i stayed here in august with my sister and my husband. the room is nice and we got it for $70 a night, but make sure you ask for the new ones as some have not been re-done yet.the area is a little bit seedy - it is the pink zone, what is the equal of a red zone if you see what i mean. i think the guide books are wrong about the area as we did not see a lot of tourists. if you are girls travelling alone i would not stay there. the service is fine. and now the new lobby and resturant is open it is looking a lot nicer. the pool is small and old. there are a lot of places to eat in the area and the metro is a close walk if you want to use it.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolSilver
<Content>Great rates, Great service! The NH Hotel in Mexico City was very nice the rooms are clean the furniture is new and no carpets!! Which makes it feel even cleaner. All the people who work in the hotel are very nice and attentive. Location is excellent right in the middle of Restaurants, Shopping, nice to even walk around and browse. I felt very safe in this are also there are police around the clock at night and even tourist police! What better place to stay at!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give it a year! I just got back from a long weekend with friends (2-5 July) and stayed at the NH Mexico City (formerly Krystal Zona Rosa). The place is currently undergoing renovations, and so the room we got was not the same as the photos you can find online with the dark hardwood floors. Our room was clean and comfortable (though the carpet by the door needed changing/cleaning), air conditioner was strong and bathroom was of a good size (though had a moldy smell...good thing we brought scented candles). After I checked out, a fellow guest said that she was in a renovated room, so be sure to request for one. The lobby and ground floor restaurant will be closed during July and August for renovations, so there might be some inconveniences. There will be another restaurant though on the 2nd floor during this time. Breakfast buffet was good but expensive. But then there are other places to try around the hotel. The hotel is conveniently located, and we felt safe walking around the area even late at night/early morning. The staff was very friendly, helpful and efficient; check-in and out were a breeze. I'd give this place another year when the place is completely renovated. I think it will look and feel like a boutique hotel. But room prices may be higher.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Stay at the NH Stayed the the Krystal 23 - 27 Jun 04 and had the worst business trip. The staff at check-in and at check-out were incompetent and the process took about 30 minutes each time. The front-desk and business center staff were rude the entire trip. The cost for use of the business center was the most expensive of ANY hotel I have stayed. Everything had a cost associated, but no costs were published. The fitness center had a treadmill and about 10 lbs of weight (no bench) and looked unsafe. The pool was dirty and no towels could be found. Skip this hotel and visit one of the many others in the Zona Rosa.The Zona Rosa has become very dirty and you can not walk a block without being asked to visit a club for a table dance. A stay in another area of the city should be considered.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cat lips
<Content>A good choice The hotel staff is very friendly and courteous, and they are more than willing to help. The hotel needs some upgrading, but it is in reasonably good shape. It is kept clean and the hotel's restaurant has a good selection of food at reasonable prices. The breakfast buffet looked wonderful, but it is expensive.The hotel is located directly in the Zona Rosa. You can walk to any place in the area, and it seems safe so long as you don't wander off too late. I would definitely stay at this hotel again because for the price, it is well worth it.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to be! The hotel is Fab. It has a swimming pool to relax in during the hot day, and all the hottest nightlife below. The rooms are very comfortable and the entire establishment is very safe. We love the constant security in and around the hotel. The staff is great. My family and I always stay at the Krysal when we visit Mexico City. One of the hottest hotels right in the midde of La Zona Rosa! If you want the best and to be in the middle of it all this is the place for you!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Krystal...good deal! Hotel Krystal in Mexico is a good deal. For 120$ Us you get a junior suite wich is spacious and comfortable.It's centrical, near of everything and the personnel is warm and sympatic. Food is great but a bit expensive, taxis too. on a quality-price base, it's an excellent choice.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the Middle of The Night Life After many visits to Mexico City, I seem to always return to the Krystal Rosa to stay. It may not be the most luxurious, but the location makes it my choice. The Krystal Rosa is conveniently located in the Zona Rosa area of Mexico City. This is a beautifull area with restaurants, shops and a blocked street for pedestrians only. It is the gathering spot for many of the local night set groups. There is food, music and action. The Krystal is also just two blocks from the Insurgentes Metro stop.Rooms are simple and adequatley furnished. The staff is superb! The food in the hotel is little better than most of the fancy restaurants in Mexico City, just barely adequate. But then why eat fancy in Mexico when great local food abounds. The Krystal Rosa is near to the action and is classy.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>infelix
<Content>Altamente descuidado   showReview(20704089, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>SusyGuate
<Content>Que tristeza de servicio   showReview(17904785, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Evaherber
<Content>Hotel regular para sus tarifas   showReview(12596999, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ClaudioMilano
<Content>Ottimo hotel nella Zona Rossa   showReview(8508990, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

