<Author>CAtortoise
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Comfort Suites for 3 nights in August in one of the king mini suites. The room was good for the value but we paid a discount price of $149 per night. Someone mentioned in a previous review that there was no closet--I think they forgot to pull the sliding mirror as the closet and safe were behind it.We found the room to be very very clean and quiet. The breakfast was very nice. The only down point is that the breakfast room was too crowded and many people were eating outside where the smokers were. It would have been nice to have the whole hotel non-smoking. It was also nice to have parking. We needed to get some laundry done and it was returned the same day. The hotel is close to the Space Needle and Sci Fi Museum. You would need to drive or take the monorail to get downtown but neither were a hassle for us. The hotel is not in an exciting area for nightlife which was fine for us.Overall, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Tea2
<Content>Great place to stay in Seattle Center This location at 601 Roy Street is a central downtown location. Just a couple of blocks from Seattle Center and one block from a large super Kroger type market. Staff very helpful and friendly. Your above normal free breakfast. Was able to get a good rate using AAA membership and upgraded to a suite. Very, very clean and comfortable. Shuttle service (free) on a 30 minute basis.Good place to stay while visiting Seattle, before or after a cruise.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Weekender51
<Content>Close to lots of attractions My husband and I stayed 2 nights here and could't have been happier. Check-in was flawless, our room was clean and quiet and the bed was wonderful--we both slept soundly. This hotel is unbelievably close to the Space Needle and to that phenomenon known as The Experience (as in Jimi Hendrix) so that's a big plus for those wishing to visit either.We enjoyed the free breakfast they offered and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mkchan
<Content>hotel in seattle We were pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel was. We LOVED the breakfast! There was even a waffle maker, hot eggs, sausage or bacon. Lots of juice, milk, coffee and cereal. The service was great, the reception desk was so helpful. The hotel is down the street from QFC supermarket, which is nice. And the gated parking lot is included in the hotel fees. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vacationlady1
<Content>Comfort Suites Great Location We stayed at the Comfort Suites for 2 nights. The hotel would be hard to find without our GPS. You are within walking distance of the monorail and if you do not mind walking you are about 2 miles from Pikes Place Market. We enjoyed walking to the center of town because you got to really see what was in the area. The free garage parking was great as it is expensive to park in Seattle. We had a king suite overlooking the courtyard on the 3rd floor. The room had a sofa, refrig and microwave. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean. Get there early for breakfast as the seating is limited.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bettybuzzie
<Content>A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE This is the first time I have written a review but I was so happy with our stay that I wanted to share it with others. We stayed 2 nights and couldn't have been more pleased.The staff was very courteous and helpful. The hotel was conveniently located within walking distance to the Seattle Center. There is a QFC market open 24 hours a day just a half block away from the hotel. The hotel offered free parking and a downtown shuttle service. This is an entirely non-smoking hotel which we appreciated very much. We were delighted with our room. It had a nice view of the fountain courtyard and was attractively furnished. The bed was comfortable and the towels were thick. The daily breakfast was quite good with a great deal of variety. My husband especially liked the waffles. The room was reasonably priced (for Seattle) and we would sincerely recommend it to anyone who is planning a trip to this area. We hope to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JanLouTallahassee_FL
<Content>Perfect location We were very happy with our stay at the Comfort Suites -we had a two room suite with a separate bedroom and a sofa bed - perfect for the three of us and less expensive than two separate rooms. The room has a great view of the spaceneedle and was walking distance to the Seattle Center and the space needle - the monorail is also right the there so its a quick trip to Pikes Market and downtown. The breakfast was wonderful more than we could eat.Our only problem was there was no TV in the bedroom (just the one in the living room)- we asked about it and was told it was out for repairs - we stayed there twice at the beginning and end of the trip in the same room and no TV upon return - but they gave us a discount on the rate.Overall a wonderful experience we would stay there again  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>transcona
<Content>Great Service Absolutely wonderful stay. We had booked our reservation via hotel 800 number and needed to speak with hotel directly to request a view. When we arrived it was indicated there was a problem with our reservation and they could not give us the view we requested so upgraded us to a two bedroom suite. We were so impressed and very pleasantly surprised The hotel shuttle was a nice touch. They will go within a 2 mile radius. We were dropped off at our location and to be picked up at a specified time. The traffic caused the shuttle to be about 15 minutes late but that was fine, after we got over the fear that our ride would not come, we do understand after downtown traffic. The breakfast was nice, get their early for your choice of seating. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>TeamBavers
<Content>SIze matters! We booked this hotel for a 2 night break in Seattle as it was slightly less expensive than the downtown options but was easy to get to all the sights.The room, 2 x double was cosy but clean. The 4ft6 doubles were actually 4ft3. (Bizarrely I had a measuring tape left in my handbag from a curtain shopping spree months earlier). The sheets on the beds must have been single flat sheets as they did not tuck in around the sides and did not cover my husband and I when in the bed.The hotel says that a car up to 6ft2 can fit in the underground car park, ours SUV is 6ft with roof rails. It hit the bar going down into the car park which is therefore below 6ft, so we now have a nice scratch along our rails, thank you!Once in the car park there was plenty of headroom for our SUV. For the rest of our stay, one of us needed to get out and open the automatic doors with our room key, whilst the driver took the vehicle down the wrong side missing the bar!Apart from the frustrating size issues, the hotel was fine.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>nykaren24
<Content>Pretty good hotel, but with some caveats We recently stayed at this hotel while our kids were attending the Penny Arcade (PAX) video game convention at the Convention Center. We picked the hotel because it was one of the more lower-cost options (it was Labor Day weekend and the Bumbershoot Festival was also going on, so the town was very busy.) Overall, it's not a bad place to stay--here are my pros and cons:PROS:--Friendly, helpful staff--very good about advising about restaurants, directions, booking a car to get us back to the airport, etc.--Comfortable beds, including the sofabed (which is often very uncomfortable in hotel rooms.)--Free breakfast with decent options (cereal, muffins, pastries, etc.)--Quite close to the Seattle Center, which includes the Space Needle, Experience Music Project  SciFi Museum (I would not call it VERY close as some reviewers have--it's about a 10-minute walk.)--Fridge and microwave in room.--Generally quiet location, although see more about this below.--Nice, clean bathroom with good shower and tub.--Nice, large grocery store nearby (QFC) which is handy for picking up supplies for the room.CONS:--Once you have seen the sights in Seattle Center, you are not very close to the other popular tourist destinations. I don't understand some reviewers here who said the hotel is close to everything. It is true that it is easy to take the monorail from Seattle Center to Westlake, which puts you in the middle of downtown, near shopping, the convention center and not too far from the Pike Place Market. If you can get a good deal at the Comfort Suites and don't mind having to make this trip to get to these attractions, then it's fine. But just bear in mind that once you are in the true downtown area, you are quite far from the hotel and won't be able to just run back there to drop off shopping, etc.Also re: location: the hotel is located in a kind of out-of-the-way area which doesn't have all that much to recommend it. It's not a bad area, but it's not very attractive--mostly parking lots, busy roads, etc. There are a few restaurants within walking distance, but the variety is not great--they are mostly Asian (vegetarian Chinese, Thai) or noisy pubs. --Room size--we had a junior suite and I would barely call it a suite. The room was really quite small. It had two double beds, a small partition and a sofabed on the other other side. There was a fridge and a microwave (small) hidden in the entertainment unit. There was NO closet. I have never before been in a hotel room with no closet!--The room was a bit worn-looking: spots on the sofabed upholstery and on the carpet. Not enough to be really off-putting, but noticeable. --The free wireless Internet service never worked in our room, despite our calls to the customer support line. The signal was excellent, it was just that the connection was so slow that it kept timing out. We had to take our computer down to the lobby or breakfast area (where it worked fine) to use it. There are two computers available for guests off the lobby, but they are often very busy.--The breakfast room was always very crowded. They really need to somehow figure out how to have more seating for breakfast. There is an outdoor patio area with seating, but since smokers use it (I'm not sure if they are supposed to), it's not very appealing to eat out there.Also, some of the breakfast options were pretty mediocre, especially the fresh fruit, which consisted of bananas which were bordering on overripe and small Delicious apples. I don't understand how a hotel in Seattle, which has such great fresh produce, can offer this!All in all, if you are budget-conscious and can get a good deal here, and don't mind the Cons I've outlined above, this is not a bad place to stay, but next time I'm in Seattle I think I'll be looking for a more centrally-located, somewhat more upscale option.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	5	5	2	

<Author>Aluminut
<Content>Good hotel for the price/location       View of the courtyard from our room  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Runs4Cache
<Content>Roll with it Agree with the other reviews so will try to add different info. Visited for the Red Sox series with wife and two teenagers. I had forgotten how small a queen bed really is, and they aren't that comfortable compared to hotels that cost 2x as much :). The shuttle service to the games isn't run by the hotel, is services several hotels in the area; the time we used it they didn't have enough shuttles to get everyone back to the game in one pass so we waited awhile for them to cycle back and forth. That was $5/person roundtrip and taxi was about $12 one way for 4 people, but it can be equally hard to find a taxi after a big game.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Yello_Lab_Girl
<Content>Nothing is Perfect I had stayed at this Hotel 2 years ago to go to the Bumbershoots Festival and so I knew it is a nice, convenient location and somewhat almost affordable place to stay for 2 Queen Beds($130 night). However, this past weekend, when my sister and I visited Seattle for a Mariner's game we encountered several problems:1) They were revamping the water heating system and so no hot water on Saturday morning (all was well later in the day).2) The continental breakfast is always nice, everything well stocked but one of the waffle makers start button was broken/missing (the next day it was fixed). 3) For whatever reason the front desk remained very ambivalent (or maybe embarrassed and didn't know what to do) as they had under booked the shuttle services for the game goers and 2 large groups of Cruise passengers. We almost took a Taxi to the game (some other impatient fans did) because we were forced to wait about an hour after scheduled shuttle (for a 10 minute ride at most). The cruise came first I guess - angry mob vs. like 5 easy going Mariners Fans and 2 Cleveland Indian supporters. Mariners lost the game, but at least they picked us up when they said they would!This is why I would recommend this hotel to anyone who can accept things as they come. Nothing is perfect. Maybe we just showed up on an off-weekend. The location is convenient and easy to find, just a few blocks from Seattle Center/Space Needle/Monorail and interesting restaurants within walking distance. They have a lot of amenities which makes you feel comfortable like internet access on 2 computers, warm cookies in the lobby, pretty courtyard with fountain, underground secured parking, and a fairly quiet neighborhood in the middle of the City.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>mamadawg
<Content>Great Location       Wine and Cheese in the courtyard  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ocsurvivor
<Content>Location was perfect I can only echo the sentiments of other reviewers. This was a wonderful place to stay and very convenient for the tourist. The space needle was an easy three block walk and The Ducks (amphibious sightseeing) were right across the street from the Space Needle. The monorail provided a 90 second ride to the heart of downtown where you can then disembark and walk to Pike Market and the waterfront. We found this hotel to meet our needs in every way. Very clean and an accommodating front desk.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skygliders
<Content>Loved the Comfort Suites on Roy St in Seattle. I booked a room in the Comfort Suites at 601 Roy Street in Seattle, WA because we loved the Comfort Inn in Atlantic City (see our review for the Comfort Inn in Atlantic City on this site). My dear wife and I loved the Comfort Suites in Seattle as well.LOCATION: The Comfort Suites hotel is located about 4 blocks away from the Seattle Center where the Space Needle and the monorail station are (nice easy walk). It seems to be a nice safe location and we never saw any homeless or questionable people anywhere. --- There's a QFC supermarket 2 blocks from the Comfort Suites on the way to/from the Seattle Center. Great to buy bottled water and stuff to eat in your room or to buy wine to bring aboard your cruise ship. --- The monorail costs $1.00 per person one way and goes to the Westlake Center in downtown Seattle. Then it's a nice 4 block walk to Pike Place Market and the waterfront.THE HOTEL: The daily room charge is noticeably less than staying in a hotel in downtown Seattle. With the monorail so close by, there is a substantial savings with cheap and easy access to downtown. The room we got was very spacious with two comfortable beds and a desk/seating area. The bathroom was modern with a full length whirlpool tub and lots of counter space around the basin. Everything was very clean and spotless which includes the lobby area. We had a view of the Seattle Center and the Space Needle from our first floor window.AMENITIES: There is a complimentary breakfast that includes DIY waffles, omletes, sausage, pastries, fruits, cereals, milk, juices, coffee, etc. The egg and meat selections change each day. We really loved the free breakfast just as we loved it in the Comfort Inn in Atlantic City. There are vending machines that include bottled water but it is much cheaper to buy bottled water from the QFC supermarket.SUMMARY: We would recommend the Comfort Suites to our friends. We loved our 4 day, 3 night stay there prior to going on our cruise. We will definitley stay there again when we cruise Alaska again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjpoodle
<Content>Great Location We were in Seattle for only one evening but wanted to see a couple of sites while there. The Comfort suite was within a short walk to the Space Needle where you can board the Monorail and go down to shopping and another short walk to Pikes market and restaurants.Nice room. Comfortable bed. Clean bath. Good hot breakfast included. The desk at fresh made cookies when we checked in. Price could have been better but overall a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>hackytorque
<Content>Great Value Staff was extremely helpful, parking is perfect and the rooms were spotless. I have no complaints at all.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bob91024
<Content>Nice location in downtown I stay at this hotel several times each year, a newer property walking distance to the Space Needle. Rooms a well equipped great views from the upper floors. Secure underground parking lot be extra careful if you have a tall vehicle, I watched some poor soul trying to back up after finding there truck could not fit.Morning breakfast to top notch served in a large room off the lobby. Smokers there is a patio just off the breakfast room with tables, no standing outside the front door.For the best rate they ask for payment in advanced with no refund so make sure you are not going to change your travel plans.There is a nice hole in the wall BBQ called The Steel Pig next door, turn right out of the lobby.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>CCandDC
<Content>Clean Room, Easy Parking, Free Breakfast My husband and I flew into and out of Seattle and drove up to Vancouver. We stayed at the Comfort Suites at the beginning and end of our trip and were very pleased. We found it to be close to some sites (like the Space Needle) and an easy drive to others (Pike Street Market). The free underground parking was wonderful because it felt safe and kept us out of the weather. There was a free breakfast that consisted of make-your-own waffles, cereal, oatmeal, sausage, and eggs. Overall we were very pleased. The rooms were clean and had ample room. (Also, a note: we didn't notice any bad smells the previous post mentioned)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>jai_lu
<Content>H2O fine, weird smell/air We arrived with a request for a room away from stairs and the elevator (cuz the noise usually keeps me up all night), the staff was incredibly nice and helpful. They 'upgraded' our room, which based on other reviews meant we got a room with a partition :-D The shuttle/ free mini-van rides to downtown was in operation (please, show some courtesy and tip the drivers). We also tried the grocery store and the local metro bus. It was so great the bus is free from the stop closest to the hotel on Route 16 throughout downtown, so once you've parked your car at the CS you don't really need to pay to park downtown and deal with getting yourself lost on the confusing streets. I think they generally tried to follow a grid design but some parts are just darn confusing to the OOT (out of town).We had no water pressure problems we thought the shower/tub was actually a really nice size. There were 2 main problems we had: the air in the place had a weird smell the entire stay. It was like a budget-priced imitation vanilla-scented cleaner was used throughout. Waking up each morning we had a pretty awful taste in our mouths that we did not experience elsewhere, incl at home nor the hotel we subsequently stayed at in Portland. The other issue was that there is no dresser, just a tiny closet, so no unpacking. We would stay here again, but maybe only after we bring an electronic air-cleaner for our room.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>umbrellaman
<Content>A good, convenient alternative to downtown. We stayed with our five-year-old daughter for three nights in early February, 2008. We chose it for a larger room at a much better rate than we would have had to pay in the heart of downtown.It's just by the northwest corner of the Seattle Center (Space Needle, Experience Music, Pacific Science Center), which places it a good walk from downtown shopping and Pike Place. However, they have a shuttle service that can get you to those places and the Monorail isn't too far away. Several bus lines run close by. The neighborhood is quite safe and going through a massive condo conversion. There is a 24 hour upscale grocery store a block away and the hotel rooms have microwaves and refrigerators.The rooms are large, well kept and quiet. If you know the Comfort Suites brand, this is a good representative. The staff are friendly and helpful. There's a pretty good breakfast buffet in the morning. One nice touch is that on the weekends you get the Seattle newspaper at your door. An odd deficiency is that there is no ketchup or Tabasco sauce at breakfast. Each morning we were there I saw people asking the attendant for ketchup and he gave an embarrassed no. How hard would it be to include a box of ketchup packets with the next Sysco order?  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tifster
<Content>Parking was nice. Shower was not. We stayed here for one night in Dec. 2007. The weather was terrible (snow, sleet, rain, and wind), so it was really nice to have the free underground parking lot. The area around the hotel is safe and we loved that the grocery store is only two blocks away. The beds were comfy and the heater worked well. The only real negative was the shower. There was just no water pressure! I think we could have had more pressure if we'd just poured water from a cup over our head. It was very late when we tried to shower and we checked out early the next morning, so we did not bring this to the hotel's attention until we checked out.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>sukyee28
<Content>Average stay at the Comfort Suites Downtown/Seattle Center Our family of 3 stayed here for 2 nights the last week of August 2007.The room is small but clean and had a view of the backyard. There was not enough room for 3 people to be in the room at the same time but the bed was very comfortable. The location of the hotel is in a very quiet area and at night, we didn't feel that comfortable. There is a supermarket 1 block away and about a 10-15 walk to the space needle. The breakfast was average but the make your own waffles were a nice touch.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>qazphilby
<Content>Awesome After a traveling from Vegas, we were so surprised with the setup here. THe only thinsapointed with is that we aren't staying longer. Ater some problems picking up our hummer rental at the airport things weren't off to a great start, however after a hassel free check in and parking the hummer (H3, anything bigger would probably not fit) in the secure underground private parking, we made our way to the room and were pleasantly surprised with the comforts. Once f the best things was the free wireless internet (which this is being written on) and its fantastic location. A quick trip to the front desk had a very handy map in our posession, with two reccomendations for resteraunts in the area, both of which proved to be awesome. So if your looking for somwhere quite relaxed and well placed then check this place out.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bowman_chad
<Content>Out of the hustle and busy but easy to get around! Although this is not exactly downtown...it is almost at the foot of the Space Needle and is right near the Monorail. We stayed one night and wish we could have stayed longer. The staff was fantastic...they gave us a great recommendation for dinner where I had the best seafood ever and I am not a seafood lover (Anthonys on the Water FYI) the room was perfect and it was so nice there. Only downside was the drive and parking near the pike and other great spots. But loved the price for what we received. A real A+  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>moinhilde
<Content>Good Hotel We picked this hotel for its convenient location to a doctors office I had to visit the next morning. It is a little hard to get to. If you miss the turn you have to make a big circle to get back to the hotel. The map provided on the hotels web-site is not very helpfull, especially if one does not know the city.The check-in was done in a flash since room keys and paperwork were ready to go. The free parking garage is a plus and easy to get to under the hotel building.The room, bed and pillows were very comfy. The heater was a bit on the noisy side and the chair, sofa and carpet were in need of cleaning.The breakfast was good and plenty.While checking out, again very fast and efficient, I found a charge for the in-room-safe which we did not use. The took that amount off the bill with no discussion.Good value for the price.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>byu97
<Content>Great hotel. We stayed at this hotel for 4 days, 3 nights and thought it was excellent. It has very nice rooms and our bed was extremely comfortable. The underground, gated parking was very convenient and secure and sure beat having to pay $12-20/night for the valet parking at the hotels located right downtown. The location of the hotel was great and had easy access to both I-5 and I-99 (Aurora). The staff was very helpful and courteous. The breakfast is nice, nothing flashy, but a good option if you don't want to go out. Overall, we were extremely impressed with this hotel and will definately stay there in the future.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Crickett386
<Content>won't stay again We stayed at this hotel coming from an Alaskan cruise. We knew their check in time was at 3:00p.m. but we thought we would ask them to hold our six pieces of luggage until then so we could do some sight seeing in Seattle. We encountered a very rude check in clerk that informed us that check in time was at 3:00 p.m. IWe explained to her that we realized that, but with so much luggage to carry around we thought that we could leave them until then. She informed us that she supposed so and handed us the luggage tags. She told us to tie these to the luggage and bring them to the other room. She did not offer to help us or nothing. She acted like we were inconveniencing her. We will never suggest this hotel to anyone!! Guests beware!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BO-1500
<Content>Excellent value, very clean and comfortable Really nice property and very reasonable rates for downtown Seattle. Very clean, comfortable rooms, nice free parking garage (SO convenient), good continental breakfast. (Breakfast room was a bit crowded by 9am--go early to beat the rush!) Staff was very pleasant, friendly and professional--and actually seemed very happy to be working there! (don't see that often!) There appeared to be lots of good security features in place. And, as other reviewers have said, very convenient to walk to several attractions. Great for families!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AquaBarb
<Content>perfect for post cruise base Clean, convenient, comfortable - that about sums it up. Free breakfast was excellent with attendant assuring the lively weekend crowd was well served. The room was clean and spacious and location within walking distance to all attractions on our list. The 24 hour grocery nearby enabled purchase of soft drinks and more to give our microwave and refrigeraor a try. Suggestion for improvement - since there was no one to assist with luggage, more of the carts would be helpful. Also, I notice mention of a pool on the review page and there is no pool. Will definitely return in 2008 when I cruise Alsaka again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>corinascot
<Content>Nice place, Great location, good value We stayed for 2 seperate two night stays at the beginning and end of our stay in the Seattle area. We had a jr suite and the room was comfortable and very clean with 2 dbl beds, a sleeper sofa, microwave, fridge and table. Despite the fact that the hotel was full, the room was quiet. Breakfast was above average with the usual continental items plus waffles and eggs and sometimes bacon. The breakfast room would get crowded, but there's a lovely outdoor courtyard adjoining the room. We sat out there a couple times. The parking is free in an underground garage. Didn't need the car. It was about a 5 minute walk to the Seattle Center and the monorail. There's a wonderful 24 hr QFC market a block away from the hotel. They have a great selection of prepared food. Also had good pizza at the pizza place across the street. We'd stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Parentsof1
<Content>Convenient location We stayed here for six nights, from August 4th until the morning of the 10th. Overall, it worked out very well myself, husband and seven year old daughter. I had gotten the lowest rate from the chain's website - but decided to call the hotel directly and since I was staying originally for five nights, (we changed to six nights after being in Seattle for three nights), we were given an even lower rate. I still found the rate a bit high - but very reasonable for Seattle - especially when you throw in the free, secured parking. We requested a 'courtyard view' on the top floor (fourth) - and our request was accommodated. However, due to the location of our room, we were unable to see the Space Needle from our room. We had a room with a king size bed and a pull-out sleep sofa which my daughter slept on. The two areas were separated by a paritial wall. Since we had the sleep sofa pulled out for most our stay, we found that area a bit cramped. We could only use one chair at the desk since the other was blocked by the sleepsofa bed. In addition, we had a small round 'coffee table' which we had to put near the desk - so that took up space as well. This room would be great for two people, was okay for us, but would NOT work for four people. We found the room to be a bit 'narrow' - especially with our large suitcases, but we were able to make due. There were several hangers in the closet for hanging items.I did peek into another room on the same floor while housekeeping was cleaning, and it appeared to have two double beds PLUS the sleep sofa area, However another guest that we met in the breakfast area said that her room didn't have the sitting area/sofa area - only two double beds. I guess it is wise to check on the different types of rooms when booking at this location. I liked the large counter in the bathroom. It was convenient to leave our toiletries bags in the bathroom for our visit. Each room has a small fridge and microwave. We used the fridge but not the micro. These two items are under the TV behind a door - which is kind of nice. There is a QFC (Quality Food Center) and easy two 'block' walk away. We stopped in for a few items and carried them back to our room. The store is open 24 hours and seems new and well lit. We found breakfast to be good - although it was almost always crowded no matter what time we arrived. (We went as early as 7:15 and as late as 9:20 during our visit.) They offered Make-Your-Own Waffles, (easy to do - read the directions!), yogurt, danish, three types of cold cereal, hard boiled eggs, an additional egg offering five of the mornings we were there, (pre-fab omlettes or scrambled with small cubes of ham), some mornings they had sausage patties, and one morning bacon and sausage patties, bread, bagels, bananas and apples, instant oatmeal, milk, juice, hot tea, hot chocolate and coffee. We found the front desk staff to be helpful. If you asked a specific question, they were more than willing to help. (They even checked on reservation availability for us at two different restuarants for us in the same evening.) There were two computers but only one working printer. They are located right off of the lobby area - and there is not much privacy, as there is no door to close. Sometimes the computers were very busy - but I was able to use them a few times during our visit. There are two elevators - the one closest to the nicely decorated lobby was much busier than the other. Both go down to the parking garage. There are two levels of parking under the hotel. Although the gate is a security measure - anyone could get on an elevator and take it down to the parking garage without being questioned. (Something to keep in mind - this is probably true at most hotels.) A small safe is available in your room for $1.50 plus tax a day. We did end up using our safe to keep some small items in during our visit and did not have a problem. The overall area near the hotel is not 'pretty' - buildings, parking garages, etc. but we felt safe during the day as well as night. (Our latest return to the hotel was 11pm.) Loved the location because it was so close to the Space Needle, Science Fiction/Music Experience, Pacific Coast Center, Ride the Ducks tour and monorail stop. (Monorail goes from area near Space Needle to 'downtown'. From the downtown stop, Pike's Market is about six blocks down towards the water.) There is free shuttle to different locations - we only inquiried about it twice and we were able to use it only once. We did drive down by Pikes Market on the Sunday and were able to park all day for $5.00. This special is apparently available for certain times of the year. (When we returned to that same garage on Friday, it cost $3.00 for one hour.)There are not many restaurants right near the hotel - so plan accordingly. I would stay at this hotel again and I would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>MDKT
<Content>Nice place, good location We arrived earlier than the check in time and were able to get in our room. The lobby is attractive and the front desk staff were very helpful and friendly. Parking is in an underground garage under the hotel. Garage was clean and seemed safe.The room was clean and attractive with comforable beds and a good sized bathroom. Breakfast had a good variety with make your own waffles, scrambled eggs (kind of dry), bagels, danish, toast, muffins, juice, coffee, yogurt, dry cereals, fresh fruit. 2 Computers available, one printer broken.The hotel was about 10 minute walk to Seattle Center.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>BrownbearBeats
<Content>Nice and convenient we stayed at the hotel for only one night - it's a standard Comfort suites hotel, conveniently located quite near the Space Needle and a 20-minute stroll from the pike place market. The room was clean and had everything that is needed. Lobby was also nicely decorated. There is a free buffet breakfast - standard choices such as waffles, eggs, bacon, meat patties, cornflakes, muffins and danish pastry is served. Parking is available at the hotel garage.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>bepaged
<Content>Walking Distance to Seattle Center The hotel is conveniently located near Seattle Center, Space Needle, and Ride the Ducks. We were able to walk everywhere in the area. There is a convenient monorail from Seattle Center into downtown Seattle. We didn't use our car for two days.A large supermarket is two blocks away and had many prepared foods available. The area is semi-commercial with repair garages but these were closed by 5 PM.The room was a nice size with sufficient lighting and a small sofa. There is no swimming pool.The breakfast was above average but it was difficult to find a table with the crowd.Hotel also had two computers available for guest use. The front desk people were very helpful with suggestions and directions.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Kablitzer
<Content>Great Location for Tourists This hotel was in a great location - definitely within walking distance to the Space Needle, Experience Music Project, a small offering of amusement park rides and other attractions in that area. We walked to Pike Place Market as well, but got turned around and went out of our way. I'd say the walk is definitely do-able, but pay attention to the map as the roads can be a little confusing in the Seattle Center area. I felt safe walking around in that entire area. This was the first hotel on our 10-day trip and we felt it was a little pricey. Later - after being able to compare it to other places we stayed - we realized that it was a pretty good deal for a tourist area in a big city and that the rooms were pretty nice - especially compared to some places. The free breakfast was one of the best I've seen with belgian waffles and much more. It was really crowded though and some folks were pushy or loud. Not what you want first thing in the morning. Just down the block on Aurora is an excellent pizza place - Pagliacci's. Mostly a delivery  carry out place, but that was all we wanted - to grab our pizza and take it back to the room. Another restaurant that is nearby and walkable is McMenamins - a Washington  Oregon favorite with good food and hand crafted beer.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GrandmaBeve
<Content>Nice place to stay We stayed at the hotel for two nights in late April. The hotel was nice, clean, and the staff was friendly. On our first night, the front desk clerk brought out a fresh batch of chocolate chip cookies and was handing them out to the guests. That certainly was a pleasant suprise!Our room was considered a junior suite and was nice for the price. We had a very comfortable king size bed, with a small refrigerator and microwave, which did come in handy for a midnight snack! The room had a half wall separating the bed from a couch, coffee table and a desk. The large bathroom and decent sized room made it a very comfortable stay for my husband and I. We did enjoy the breakfast, although the eating area was consistently full of people. We had a rental car, so getting around town was not an issue and having the Space Needle, EMP and the monorail to downtown was great. Downtown is so beautiful and we enjoyed Seattle very much. The hotel also provides free parking in a secured parking garage. The only thing that bothered me was the fact that the garage gate stayed open a bit too long after we drove through, which could have allowed a mischievious person to enter the garage. All in all, we enjoyed our stay, would stay there again, and would recommend it to all Seattle visitors.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>annejblue
<Content>Clean rooms. Don't accept a room on the first floor, it's really noisy! Our room seemed rather small but is about average these days. HOWEVER, we ended up in a room on the first floor, just across from a conference room. When we checked in around dinner time everything seemed quiet. Later that night we heard lots of noise from the hallway and we could hear the foot steps of the family of elephants who must have been staying above us. In the morning the noise level was unbearable. Not only was there lots of noise from the crowd in the conference room, we could hear the noise of people going to the free breakfast. In summary, the room was adequate, and clean, nothing special but also, not scary. I was relatively comfortable except for the noise which was primarily due to the location of our room.The breakfast that came with the room was fine: cereal, bagels, toast, hard boiled eggs, a waffle iron for you to cook your own waffles, milk, juice, yogurt, etc. I would consider staying here again but not if I had to stay on the first floor.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lookinforsun
<Content>Nice Stay - Good Location We stayed here before and after our cruise to Alaska. The room was clean and the breakfast was sufficient.The location was great for us. It was a few blocks to the Space Needle and Monorail. We took the Monorail downtown and did some shopping. I definatley suggest taking the car service to the airport. It was $30 so it was cheaper than a cab and the airport shuttle charges $37.The hotel does have a shuttle and they will take you to the market place which I highly recommend.The staff was great to us. They held our bags for us when we went shopping before we got on our cruise and they held our bags when we arrived back at 9:00 am and there weren't rooms available yet. The three days we were there the hotel was completely booked. The noise wasn't too bad but some people feel the need to slam doors and talk loudly in the halls when they are coming in late or leaving early. This is why I always bring my earplugs.I would definately recommend this place. You can't beat the price compared to other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dh301
<Content>Good, comfortable, but not great We stayed at the Comfort Suites June 12-16th. This hotel is a bit out of of the core downtown area but very convenient to the Monorail, the Space Needle and the Experience Music Project/Science Fiction Museum. You could easily spend a day at the Space Needle and EMP/SFM and right now $15 covers the EMP and Science Fiction Museum (two for one price). We took the monorail downtown to shopping and walked to Pikes Market. I have to say I was surprised at the $4 round trip/adult price tag for the approx. 1 mile Monorail ride!Anyway, about the hotel...First, the room was not a suite. It was a standard two double-bed room. It did have a small fridge and microwave. The bathroom was spacious and very clean with plenty of towels. Water pressure in the shower was great. Beds were quite comfortable, not too soft, not too firm.The heat/AC unit was really odd...it looked brand new with programmable settings but it had the most unusual sound...like a raging tornado just outside the window! It kept me awake every night we were there, but I am a very light sleeper!There is not a restaurant on site but there are a quite a few nearby (a terrific mediterranean restaurant is west of the hotel), plus a grocery store around the corner. One evening we were simply sick of eating out at restaurants, not terribly hungry, so we went to the grocery and purchased some ready-made sandwiches and sodas and ate outside the hotel in the courtyard out back.There is a complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby which consisted of cold cereals, oatmeal, sausage patties, make-them-yourself waffles, fruit and some breakfast danish, along with coffee, juice and hot tea. It was OK...very crowded and difficult to find a place to sit, but they do allow you to take the food back to your room if you desire. There is free coffee in the lobby all day.The personnel who worked there were kind of blase...not overly friendly but not rude either. We checked out very early Saturday morning (5 am) and the gal at the front desk would not give me a receipt for our stay! She printed it out, let me look at it to make sure it showed all charges correctly and a $0 balance, but she would not let me keep the copy, she kept saying that I needed to get it from the website. I could not understand this procedure, tried to explain to her that it was most definitely common practice when checking out to receive a receipt (she spoke very broken English). However, after several minutes of this, I dd not have time to argue with her as we needed to leave for the airport right away. I'll call customer service to have them fax me a copy and I will be keeping an eye on my credit card statement online to make sure nothing else is charged to my card.Overall, it was an average hotel, nothing to write home about. It was clean, up to date and reasonably priced compared to others in Seattle (we paid $145/night for Tues and Weds. and $162/night for Thurs and Friday). Inside parking is free which is a nice bonus (some hotels we checked charged $25/day to park).  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>sanjoseKat
<Content>Great Location but Nothing Special We stayed here one night while visiting Seattle to see a concert at the Key Arena. We were hoping to stay closer to downtown but found everything booked or way out of our price range. Our room here for this particular night was (including taxes) $160.Check-in was no hassle. The staff, though not rude, were not particularly helpful or friendly. We asked for some simple directions to walk to the monorail at Seattle Center and it was like pulling teeth and we later learned that the directions were woefully incomplete. But since the Space Needle is so obvious on the horizon, we were able to find our way despite the lack of help.Although it is called Comfort Suites, our room was just a standard one with two double beds. There was nothing suite-like about it. For the price, the room was basic in the extreme. However, it was clean and the beds comfortable. The lobby is nicely appointed and they offer free coffee throughout the day. There is a breakfast included with the stay but we did not avail ourselves of it, so no opinion there. They also offer a free shuttle by appointment. The next morning we asked the staff to arrange for a taxi to the airport and they recommended a private car which ended up being much more comfortable and a little less expensive than our taxi ride in.The location is great, especially if you are attending an event at the Seattle Center (walking distance). The monorail will whisk you into downtown in two minutes. If you are looking for luxury or top-drawer service, this is not the place. But for a good, basic, well-located Seattle accomodation, this is fine.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>AlohaKona
<Content>Great location and beautiful mid-May weather. As first time visitors to Seattle, my husband and I were thoroughly satisfied with the hotel accomodations. We were given a great rate of $126/night. We're used to paying more than $200/night in any other big city. We had a quiet room on the fourth floor, found the hotel staff to be quite friendly and helpful, the extensive continental breakfast to be a bonus since there are no restaurants nearby, and the location ideal since we had decided ahead of time not to rent a car. Due to the wonderful weather (no rain), we were able to venture all over the city by foot. I always say you get a real sense of the city that way. We were thrilled that there were two 24 hour markets, QFC  Metropolitan, located nearby, where we bought our bottled water, evening cocktails, snacks, and even some Seattle goodies to take home with us. The hotel offers a shuttle service to the downtown area that we took a couple of times. Otherwise there's the monorail, only a couple of blocks away. The hotel also arranges towncar service to and from the airport. It's cheaper than a taxi.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PaTonyPatont
<Content>Incompetent staff Our stay at this hotel was marred by incompetent and uncaring staff who failed to pass on messages, failed to properly arrange transfers to the airport and generally showed a lack of care in their duties. On the day we left they also probably cause some patrons to miss their link with the railways. The venue was fair despite offering a kitchen that had no facilities or utensils. It marred our stay in Seattle.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>miker75058
<Content>I always stay here....... I go to Seattle frequently to visit friends and I always stay at the Comfort Suites in the Seattle Center (I've stayed here five times total). The rooms are clean and spacious, the service is excellent. The location is great- it's not downtown but the monorail at the Space Needle can take you downtown in minutes and it is easy access to I-5. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance up Mercer Street and Roy Street. The continental breakfast is also pleasing and the parking is free.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBuddy00
<Content>Great location, free covered parking We've stayed here twice for family visits to Seattle. It is a short walk to the Space Needle and all other Seattle Center venues, including the Monorail stop. Free parking is a nice plus that most Seattle hotels do not provide. We get a room with 2 queen beds and it has been clean  roomy both visits. The breakfast is basic hotel free fare. Our only complaint is that when you have noisy neighbors, you will hear them through the walls or ceiling. Ask to stay on an upper floor, because the ground floor can be very noisy.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tomba2
<Content>Not Sleepless in Seattle  this is an idea place for a comfortable, clean, and friendly stay in Seattle,we have just returned from a 4 night stay and were very impressed with wonderful beds in a huge room, the staff, [always willing and helpful] the shuttle service the breakfst was fine with lots of choice, many thanks to all concerned  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>bendwriter
<Content>Clean, comfortable, affordable hotel with a Great location! We stayed two nights here while in Seattle to see a concert at Key Arena. The hotel is very nice and clean, with a quiet, comfortable atmosphere. The room was great, with two beds, a microwave, refrigerator, and small sitting area. Decor was a little nicer than many chain hotels, and the staff was very nice and friendly. The shower had one of those curved shower rods and a light in the ceiling! Made for much nicer showering then many hotels. My only complaint about the room - as with most rooms - is that the bed was too soft.The hotel has secure underground parking, which was great. There is no charge for the parking, another nice feature in a city where parking is expensive and sometimes hard to find. Breakfast buffet was pleasant, but fairly typical. Breakfast is included with the room.One huge plus about this hotel is the excellent location. It's just a couple of minutes walk to Seattle Center, where the Space Needle and Key Arena are, and the staff told us the area is very safe for walking. We walked back from the concert at 11:00 and felt very comfortable. There are a bunch of restaurants in the immediate area, with just about any type of food you could want. Also at Seattle Center is the monorail to downtown, so we never had to hassle with our car the entire time we were in Seattle.We would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>teacher34
<Content>A Good Choice We just stayed at this property in their two bedroom suite with our friends. We wanted to stay in Seattle for a fun weekend. I ended up choosing this property because of its two bedroom accomadation. I must say we were very pleasantly surprised. Each couple had their own King size bed. One room was much smaller than the other, but that was no problem. We had a living room with a sofa, television, etc. A dining table allowed us to play cards in the evening. In the entry way area their is a small kitchen with a sink, a refrig, and a micro wave. Also, a small coffee pot with coffee. There is only one bathroom which you all must share. It did not bother us. The other nice amenities were a free breakfast, your usual selections;cereal, yogurt,even waffles. Also, there is free under ground parking which is great. Our room was very clean, we heard no noise, etc. The two bedroom suite is next to the laundry room at the end of the hall, so maybe that was why it was quite. You can walk from this property to the Seattle Center if you so choose. One elevator was not working while we were here, so we just used the other one. This is not a huge property so no problem. I feel this would be a good room choice if you had a family. We usually stay in upper end places, however, we wanted to try and find a two-bedroom and this was fine. Nothing fancy, but we were very pleased.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Former_Amsterdammer
<Content>Avoid this place I was a guest at the Comfort Suites from December 15 -16, 2006 as my home lost power during the wind storm in Seattle. In the morning of December 16, I asked the reception for an extension for an additional night as my power was still out. My request was granted but was asked to switch to another room by noon. At noon, I went to the reception to switch keys but was told the other room had not been made up so I left the hotel temporarily. When I returned, I was told the room was no longer available. The hotel staff did not offer any apology or assistance, even though they know it was their fault. Besides the problems with reservation, the walls of this property are paper thin and the blankets had many tiny holes on them. I am not sure if they were just over-used or bitten by bugs. Also, its advertised free WIFI did not work and the hotel reception gave me a blank stare and I have neither any idea nor any intention to help you look.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>elyette
<Content>Good Value - Free Covered Parking This hotel is just the right size for a single traveler or close couple. It is a good bargain for the price - a suitelette- a bed and small alcove. The room faced a courtyard with a fountain that made a pleasing sound all night. It was clean and new. The staff was very accommodating and the clientele were families and tour groups.The neighborhood has become safe (auto repair shops used to dominate) and is a 10 min walk from the opera house and theatres at Seattle Center.A few blocks west are new restaurants such as Veil, Crow, a sushi bar packed with Japanese tourists and Panos (Greek -not new). This seems to be the new trendy neighborhood in Queen Anne. It jumps with young night life as you stroll the streets.A hidden feature that I really appreciated was free covered parking. Therefore, I saved money on parking when I went to the theatre at Seattle Center that night, following a conference during the day. It is next to Aurora Ave. which is a highway but I always walked in the opposite direction toward Seattle Center, so it was no problem for me. There is a popular BBQ rib restaurant on the corner of Aurora, next to the hotel. Nothing fancy but quiet, good location and good value.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nwmama
<Content>Customer service needs an overhaul My husband and child and I booked a king bed suite at Comfort Suites Seattle Center for the weekend (which is really a room with a partial divider) and had a disappointing time with the hotel service. First, the good points:-Tthe hotel is within walking distance of good restaurants, Tower Records, 7-11 and convenience stores for snacks, as well as very walkable to Seattle Center attractions. --The continental breakfast is nice, you can make waffles and they have instant oatmeal, fruit, some ok options for families with small kids. --Hotel is 2 blocks from a bus that can take you downtown to Pike Market and other sights.Now the bad:--Walls are paper thin. We were kept awake much of the night by an amorous couple.--Fold out bed had big pieces of dirt on the sheets.--Front desk staff is very rude and unpleasant and seems not to care to make customers happy when hotel has made the obvious error. Beware of making shuttle reservations as we were forgotten downtown and when the shuttle did arrive, it was lacking a carseat as we had requested. In the future, we will be staying at a pricier hotel. I wish I had read all these reviews prior to booking, as many other customers had experienced similar staff problems.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	4	

<Author>robontheroad
<Content>Great location OK hotel       A bank from Washington State  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Kitters
<Content>Disappointed We booked this hotel because of the location--just a few mintues drive to the waterfront and Woodland Park Zoo. Staying in one of Seattle suburbs would require driving on I-5 freeway which is usually gridlock 24/7 and except for the Metro bus, Seattle's mass transit is non-existant. We were traveling with our 2 middle school grandchildren and Comfort Suites was the only moderately priced downtown hotel that offered two beds plus a hide-a-bed.The two rooms of the suite were so small that in the bedroom there was barely room enough to walk around the beds. Both the bedroom and living room had oversized entertainment center/closets which took up a large amount of space. Although the room was clean and the bathroom appeared to be fairly new, the carpets were extremely worn and stained and the furniture was stained and threadbare. The bedcovers looked like something from the 70s.The staff was very nice and helpful. The breakfast room and breakfast was excellent. However, the nice couryard outside the breakfast room is rather wasted because there are so few mornings in Seattle when it is warm enough to sit outside and eat.The $149 price was reasonable enough, but when you add on the 15.8% Seattle motel and sales tax it probably would have been more advantageous to stay outside the downtown area.This hotel is just not up to Comfort Suites usual standards.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Venice-Lady
<Content>Shuttle-Great Perk! I booked this hotel for an overnight get-away with my best friend arriving from Victoria, BC on the Victoria Clipper ferry. I live in Calgary and searched for hotels that were reasonably priced, clean, safe  near the Pier 69 where the Clipper arrives, which is actually 6 blocks from the Space Needle. I was quoted $135 US which was their discount rate by booking on their own website.With 2 ladies traveling alone, the complimentary shuttle to downtown was such a bonus since it was safer than taking cabs. I had asked about shuttles at most places I inquired as this would save us lots of money and Francisco, our driver, was so very helpful and friendly! It doesn't mention the shuttle on their website, which I believe is such a wonderful bonus and it should be listed. The main Comfort Inns reservations line didn't know if it had a shuttle and we also asked if they had in-room hair dryers - to both, they said No when actually it was true. The reservation lady offered to have her supervisor call the hotel directly to inquire about the shuttle and they quickly found out that it was available but that it wasn't advertised on their site. TIP - book your shuttle times in advance as we missed out the next morning to have one take us downtown for shopping (wasn't free until late aft. when we were leaving) and took a cab instead as it's on a appointment-basis only every 1/2 hour until 8 pm at night. This saved us $ by not booking a hotel in the expensive areas of town by the Pier so it was well worth it.Our room had 2 queen beds on the 2nd floor overlooking the roadway (last room past the ice). With the window open, it was noisy but the glass was so thick that we didn't hear any road noise at all. The microwave and fridge hidden in the TV armoire was a nice touch too. The bathroom was very nice with amenities and the offer of free toiletries is thoughtful as well. The continental breakfast with waffles, cereals, oatmeal, lots of beverages etc. was such a nice change from the usual muffins  fruit! My friend and I definitely enjoyed our stay at the hotel and didn't see everything in one day (love the free transit area downtown) although Pike Place Market (6th floor is the best with the most gorgeous, affordable flowers  the Pike Place Pub downstairs was great-order the halibut  chips and wash it down with their own brewed beers) is a definite must-see as well as Space Needle of course (TIP-found great tourist t-shirts for $5 in front of the Space Needle)! Next time I go to Seattle to see the great Seahawks or shop at Victoria's Secret (not in Canada-pity!), I will definitely stay at the Comfort Inn and Suites in the Emerald City!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mwooduk
<Content>Not too bad - some minor flaws We spent three nights here in May. It was okay although there were some plus points and some negative points. Despite the fact that I had booked two rooms 9 months in advance (after reading a good review on Frommers) I had asked for rooms away from the noisy motorway, but one room was in the corner of the hotel right next to the motorway which was really noisy on a Thursday and Friday, but a little quieter on a Saturday. I asked to move but the hotel was sold out. I had to sleep with ear plugs in. The rooms were ok, clean etc. Breakfast was much better at this location than at many other Comfort Suites we have stayed in with a far better selection. However, there weren't enough seats for everyone to have breakfast as the hotel was so busy, so we had to share with other kind guests or just stand up and wait. One morning it was so busy that we just made four trips and took the food and drinks back to our room. It was too cold to sit outside at the patio.We had no trouble with parking and spaces were always available, despite the hotel being full. Staff were friendly and helpful with booking free hotel shuttles into downtown. One negative, we were told there were free cold drinks in the breakfast room upon check in but there was nothing available except a water fountain! Also they really should put a washer and dryer on each floor....we were on the 1st floor and it was a pain to keep going up and down the elevator to the next floor to check on our laundry.But it wasn't terrible....not sure if I would stay here again. It was adequate certainly.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Perhisia
<Content>Never again We stayed here because Frommers listed it as a kid-friendly hotel. PROS: Location is great. Free breakfast isn't bad with bagels, waffles, sausage, boiled eggs, and cereals. The staff is fine and I believe doing what they can. Parking is free and conveniently located in a garage below the hotel. There are two elevators, making it easy to get to your room from your car. After much searching, this came up as one of the most affordable places in downtown Seattle. CONS: Decor isn't the best, stains on carpet, poor cleaning service. We were disappointed when we returned our first day to an unclean room at 3:30. The following day we asked that our room be cleaned before noon and when we returned at 2 (since our kids nap in the afternoon), it still had not been cleaned. Noisy, of course more so if your room is by the elevator. Room is listed as a suite, but really, it is just one room with a very small partion divider.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigskynau
<Content>Good Value for family Good Value for a family. Stay on a saturday night. Hotel was clean, and in good shape. Room wasn't oversized but it wasn't too small. Nice cont' breakfast, had many choices. One word of caution - Ask to be away from stairway, and vending machines. You will hear people useing both. Overall I would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kirstin-H
<Content>Super-satisfied! Our stay at the Comfort Suites was exactly that - comfortable. It was new, clean, quiet, and close to everything. I would absolutely stay there again. The most romantic birthday weekend I could have possibly imagined! Thanks Mark!! There were only a couple of negatives to note - when using the extractor fan in the bathroom, a slight cigarette smoke smell wafted in. Also, when the hotel shuttle was in the shop one afternoon, we were basically stranded at Pike Place Market. However, we told management that they would have to pay for a taxi and they did. The staff are pretty laidback, perhaps even a little standoffish. But the hotel itself made up for that. I had never been to Seattle before and am now seriously considering moving there. Congratulations on a beautiful city and I encourage anyone visiting Seattle to stay at the Comfort Suites. (PS - taking your breakfast and coffee out into the little garden courtyard is delightful!)  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FernandoBee
<Content>Nice Hotel I usually stay at the Hampton Inn just up the block on Roy St. Clean hotel. Amenities are OK. Continental Breakfast was adequate. In room coffee is crap, but you get what you pay for. Ample parking. I will return.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lgkinney
<Content>Not a good choice for Business Travelers The Comfort Suites is located a few blocks from the Seattle Center, a block from Mercer Street on Roy Street. It is ideally located if you are planning any activity near the Space Needle and the Seattle Center. That is the good news. The bad news is the hotel is not exactly customer friendly. The hotel rooms are worn and need some upgrading. The internet service is provided for each room by a LAN connection. The hotel highly publicizes its free interent service in each room. You must have an ethernet cable with you to plug into the wall outlet -the hotel does not provide the cable - at least they told me they did not have any at the front desk. I guess it doesn't matter to much. After purchasing a six foot cable and plugging it in - the system rarely worked. I stayed here on two ocassions in the last month for seven nights. The rooms are adequate, the furniture, carpeting, and baths are worn and tired. The continental breakfast is very carb friendly. Do not stay anywhere near the lobby area or the hall adjacent to the front of the lobby. The hotel has its laundry facility here and they use those huge plastic bins with rollers to handle their laundry needs. Unfortunately, the floor is made of some type of stone product and when the laundry bins roll along - you would swear someone is bowling in your room. Sadly, they seem to feel it necessary to start this activity around seven to eight am. I had one other minor annoyance. The hotel uses the magntic strip cards for all door entries except the lobby. I had to get the cards recharged almost on a daily basis. These cards are apparently programmed to expire on checkout at 12 noon on the day of your departure. Well they seemed to expire every day at twelve noon. The interent service which I needed for work - usually does not work - don't ask the front desk clerks for help. they all smile and say it was working yesterday. I could not get one clerk to get a technician to look into the problem. They insisted it must be my laptop. It didn't bother them a bit when I told them the LAN was not working on either of my laptops or in their public connection room where they have a LAN connection and one broken house computer. The hotel has underground secure parking which is great except on weekends when the hotel is full. On two ocassions after going out for dinner all of the spaces were full and I was forced to find outside street parking. It is apparent the hotel guests are allowed to have all of their friends park in this facility for activites occurring at the nearby Seattle Center. Otherwise there should be ample parking for all guests. The Comfort Suites Hotel rates are reasonable by Seattle standards - but you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor customer service The hotel itself was okay for what you pay to stay, but the customer service leaves a lot to be desired. Management needs to provide their employees with some courses in how to provide sufficient customer service in order to keep customers coming back. Also, the employees need to be instructed to apologize when they or one of their fellow employees makes a large error. After dealing with three employees at the front desk in a span of 1.5 hours, I receive NO apology. Not once. If I had, I would have been relatively appeased and would not be complaining to management and the BBB as I am now.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noahark
<Content>Very Nice for an inexpensive hotel While this hotel has no pool it does have a lovely courtyard with a fountain. This hotel is in an excellent location for the Space Needle as well as the Key Arena, both are within walking distance. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Parking is located beneath the hotel so you can easily get to your car. The neighborhood is quiet and seemed safe to walk around. If you go to the Space Needle be sure to make a reservation for lunch or dinner there, as the price of your meal will include the admission to the observation deck. There is a tram that will take you from the Space Needle to downtown Seattle it is quick and inexpensive. Be sure to visit Pike's Place Market. It is a very cool place.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nsvjpv
<Content>A Great Escape We visited Seattle WA for the first time in July of 2005. In a new place without a lot of information about hotels and their locations, we selected the Comfort Inn and Suites. We found it to be nice place and even though it said downtown it was not in the heart of downtown which for us was good. We were about a block from the city bus which was great. The hotel also offered shuttle service to several locations. You just need to sign up in advance to use the hotel shuttle. We used the guest laundry which was nice and handy. The continental breakfast at the hotel was very nice and quite filling. The hotel seemed to be a good value for the price. Of course, there were more expensive places but this hotel provided everything that we needed. Twice we took a short walk to restaurants for dinner but the hotel does not offer a restaurant. We hope to return at a later time, and we would use this hotel again. This city has a great public transportation system and visitors can do most anything without the need for a car.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended. The hotel is in an excellent location - close to the Seattle centre with the monorail and with several useful bus routes to Downtown within a block or two. The Queen Anne neighbourhood is very safe and pleasant with plenty of good places for eating and drinking.The room was very bright, modern, clean and very tidy. The staff were polite and helpful. Breakfast was minimal but this suited me.One grip was just having one computer for free use...this was very popular in the mornings! Overall it was good value and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Choice in Seattle I booked this hotel for a recent two-night stay in Seattle. After looking at the property's website, I saw no reason to book the one-bedroom suite, which does not involve separate rooms but rather the divider that an earlier poster described. Instead, I opted for the the regular room with a king bed for $118. I appreciated that the web site and reservations system were straightfoward in marking my room as not a suite. Too many properites hedge with this term since suite hotels are currently in fashion.I've stayed at Comfort Inn hotels in the past and have usually had a good experience, keeping in mind their budget orientation. With that in mind, my room at this property exceeded my expectations. My room's decor was very appealing and up-to-date; the space was indeed small, but Seattle is an expensive city and the room was comparable to what I've stayed in at other similarly costly places. I did find certain features of the room logistically inconvenient: I had to turn off the a/c while working at the desk as it was blasting directly at me! But the light inside the shower was a nice detail, as was the fact that the fridge and microwave were discretely hidden in an attractive entertainment center. There was free high-speed internet (though not wireless) and the staff was helpful.The fact that the property provided breakfast was good, but unlike other suite hotels I've stayed at (Residence Inn, Embassy Suites), there were no breakfast options besides carbs. I liked that there were two waffle-makers, but as they were popular, there needed to be more clearly demarcated lines for them. Trays would've helped guests navigate the area while avoiding spills: I dropped my coffee while juggling breakfast items. Also, the buffet area should be monitored more carefully. No amount of parental goo-goo ga-ga kissy-wissy makes it any less unsanitary for a father to lift his son (however clean and well-behaved) onto the buffet table to pad his sandaled feet in front of the waffle maker while it cooks! The area should either be monitored or be set up to pre-empt this kind of poor judgment, as many buffets are.I liked the free parking at this hotel, as well as the fact that you could self-park. But keep in mind that clearance is low: if you have a carrier on top of your SUV you'll probably need to remove it. The first level of parking was crowded (again, a typical city trait, not a flaw of this property) but the second was underutilized, so I'd recommend going down a floor if the tight spaces on the first level make you uncomfortable.This hotel's clientele was primarily space-needle tourists. It's especially convenient if you want to see those attractions; if you prefer visiting downtown, the monorail is a 10-minute walk and a bus line a couple of blocks away. If you don't mind the walk to the attractions and transportation, I'd definitely recommend this hotel if you're traveling with others; if you're traveling alone, be aware that while the hotel is close enough to the space needle and bus lines, it's actually in an industrial area--not a busy city street with many other pedestrians. I wasn't uncomfortable walking alone in the area at dusk, but I would've probably taken a cab if I were returning late at night.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bcdk34
<Content>Yuck. Stayed here on the recommendations of other Tripadvisor members. Our one-bedroom suite was almost like a standard hotel room with a wall dividing it in half. The room smelled really funky. Opening the windows helped by masking it with car exhaust. It was incredibly noisy being next to the highway. I asked for a quieter room, but was told that all the suites were next to the highway. The air conditioners were also very loud. The sofa was so filthy we couldn't sit on it and we had to request a sheet for that, plus new blankets for the beds because they were so gross. Breakfast was a crowded, unhealthy affair. The hotel is close to Seattle Center, but not really anything else. The hotel shuttle is first-come, first-serve, although you have to make a reservation (go figure). They do not guarantee that once they taken you someplace they will be able to pick you back up. The staff is friendly enough, but indifferent. I guess the thing to do in Seattle is buck up for the 300-dollar a night hotel room if you want to stay someplace nice and clean. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alafans
<Content>Seattle with a view! My wife and I checked into this hotel on June 30, 2005. We stayed two nights at the Comfort Suites at 601 Roy Street and then caught a cruise ship to Alaska. This hotel is located centrally to the Space needle and the monorail in downtown Seattle. The hotel has a wonderful breakfast bar complete with waffles, cereal, bagels, coffee and tea. The breakfast bar also has different kinds of pastries. The staff at this Comfort Suites was very good and we enjoyed our stay with a few minor problems. One was getting placed on a shuttle for the cruise area and a trip to the pike market. But overall, no problems with this hotel. I strongly recommend using it for trips to Seattle!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KellyGT
<Content>Bad Experience After reading the other Trip Advisor reviews I booked two nights at this hotel on Travelocity for a weekend trip to Seattle to celebrate my husband birthday. The room was listed at $89 a night pre-pay on Travelocity and looked like a good value. The room we were given looked nothing like the photos on the website. It was very small and looked like someone decided to squeeze in one more room into the building plan because they didn know what to do with the leftover space between the electrical room and the cleaning closet. There was less than ten inches of clearance between the bed and the chest of drawers and you had to squeeze through that and a corner angle of a wall jutting out into the room to get to the other side of the bed. The room had an overall dingy and worn look. I probably could have lived with this, but the real problem with the room was that it smelled strongly of urine. We opened the window to see if that would help, but it didn. The noisy HVAC unit for the hotel was RIGHT outside our window and blew hot air into the room. This wasn the setting I wanted to be in to celebrate a birthday weekend so we went to the front desk to check out about 15 minutes after we arrived. I explained the problem and the desk attendant was courteous but said that since I made the reservation through Travelocity, I need to work reimbursement and cancellation through them. I thanked him and then we went down the road and checked into the Homewood Suites for $160 a night. As soon as we got our luggage into the new room, I got on my cell phone to call Travelocity and explain the cancellation. I made my way through the menu and then listened to the music interspersed with a message that o one was available to take my call.?for the next 45 minutes. I then hung up since we were going to be late for our dinner reservations. When we got back I dialed Travelocity again and waited another 40 minutes before I ended up at a support desk in India. I explained my situation to this person and he said o, No, No?it is the hotel responsibility to contact us to let us know what happened. We can do anything.?I then called the hotel back and waited another ten minutes to speak with someone. I retold the story and the Comfort Inn desk person said that the cancellation was still Travelocity responsibility. I started to get angry at this point and asked to speak to the manager. The desk clerk said that the manager wasn available. I then asked when I could speak with the manager and she said that she would take my cell phone number and have the manager get back with me as soon as possible. No one ever called. I called MasterCard when I got home to see if they could put a stop on the payment to the hotel. I spent another 20 minutes on hold before getting through to a human being. MasterCard said they would investigate the situation and then proceeded to try to sell me some type of credit card insurance for the next fifteen minutes. Three weeks later MasterCard sent me a note saying that they couldn find any issues with the situation and that they would be obliged to release payment to Travelocity. Thanks MasterCard. At this point I just gave up. I already devoted hours of my life to this problem. This situation put a damper on what was supposed to be a fun weekend focused on a birthday and I ended up spending $500 for two nights lodging in Seattle. My only recourse is to no longer book hotel reservations through Travelocity and to permanently cross the Comfort Inn off my list of acceptable hotels.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lmsa_mc
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel Our family of 5 stayed here on our June trip through the Pacific Northwest. This hotel was a great location for us, being close to the Seattle Center. We were able to walk to the Seattle Center and also use the monorail to downtown and the free downtown bus system from there. The hotel was comfortable and clean and had a good breakfast. Parking was safe and clean and free! We will stay there again when in Seattle.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tmarti2001
<Content>Best deal in town! For the price, location, and quality of the room, it's tough to find a betterdeal in Seattle. Our 3 night stay in a top floor king suite, was great($101/night). Not a single problem to report. The location is perfect...a 5 min walk to the Space Needle/Seattle Center. Even walking to/from downtown isn't bad at all! We even did the walk back from Safeco Field two nights in a row (which is south of downtown).  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again While this hotel was very close to the Space needle and the seattle center (within 5 min. walking distance), I don't think I will compromise the quality of the hotel I stay in based on convenience. There are many other hotels in the area. Maybe I just got a bad room... I requested non-smoking, and the entire hallway leading up to our room was filled with cigarette smoke and there was trash overflowing in the elevator area garbage and all over the surrounding floor. When we entered the room, it was small and dingy-- there were brown ring stains on both of our comforters, the sheets were so worn they wouldn't even stay on our mattress, and when the mattress became uncovered because of this, we discovered blood stains, brown stains, food stains, etc... all on top of the mattress. DISGUSTING! We complained to the management but they didn't do anything about it and said they were sorry but the hotel was full and they couldn't move us. Then, we accidentaly left our entire toiletries kit in our room and since we live 4 hours away, we couldn't come back to get it. We called 4 times and left 4 messages within a period of a week, but no return phone call. We called the front desk and asked to speak with the management but they wouldn't take our call, and kept directing us to the lost and found office. When we checked in, there was a young boy around age 17 working the desk, and he wouldn't even look up to acknowledge me for about 3 minutes until I finally asked him if I could please check in. He barely uttered one word to me the entire time. I was very dissatisfied with the customer service here. There is no pool, and the walls are literally paper thin. People were running up and down the hallways until early in the morning, people were drunk outside the hallway, and we could hear the people next to us having a fight. Whenever the people above us would walk, it would vibrate our headboard and lamps against the wall, waking everyone up periodically throughout the night. We checked out early and just ended our vacation. The only reason I give it a 2 is because of its close proximity to the space needle. Otherwise, it would get a 1. I will never stay here again. The only thing even remotely nice about this hotel was the lobby. There were even pubic hairs on the toilet base and on the floor of our bathroom!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Valdiri
<Content>Good hotel - a long walk to downtown! I stayed here for my first visit to beautiful Seattle.I used Tripadvisor to choose which this hotel based mostly on the good reviews and good price.I would consider returning, but I want to share some insights:- The hotel is *not* walking distance to downtown. You can take the free shuttle in the morning (during the hours it operates) or the bus, or walk to the monorail at the Seattle Centre (I never did because it was never running when I wanted to use it in the morning or evening). Maybe hours are better in the summer...- The hotel photos are pretty but I was surprised to find the hotel's neighbours are an empty building and lot, a busy highway and a junkyard. Not a big deal or anything, but not what I expected from the photos.- MAke sure you get a room on the top floor! For whatever reason, the building was not constructed in a way that you cannot hear the people above you walking, dropping things etc. I found it so disturbing that I had to request to change to floors. The helpful front desk woman found me one and said others have made the same comments about noise.-There is a handy computer and printer available on the ground floor for checking email, printing directions etc.- Breakfast here was better than usual at Comfort Inn.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Noel58
<Content>Would stay again An excellent location close to the Space Needle, helpful staff and a good selection at breakfast The Comfort Suite was value for money and if in Seattle in the near future would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>drmorf
<Content>Excellent value I stay here when I have an event to go to at the Seattle Center, such as a Sonics basketball game, Thunderbirds hockey game, concert at Key Arena, etc. Great location! The mini-suites ($80 + tax which is around $100 a night) come with a King bed or two doubles, a small refrigerator, a microwave, sleeper sofa, desk and chairs. A great place to pre-game function with your friends or family.There are numerous restaurants within walking distance from the hotel along Roy Street. There are two convience stores within two blocks as well.I will stay here next month and attend a Mariners game, which is a few miles from the hotel. I will report back on how the hotel's shuttle service is.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mayor_of_Jhelom
<Content>Delightful surprise! I needed an extra night in Seattle after a weeklong conference and picked something close to the Space Needle. But, it turned out to be fantastic! Clean rooms, nice staff, and comfy beds. Prima!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Museecho
<Content>Not what I expected This hotel room was priced well. It was clean and bigger than I expected. Quite room, with a window that looked out on a kind of courtyard. I was surprised to see bathrooms as clean as these because even in some nice rooms in Seattle there are bad bathrooms. I wasn't completely blown away but for this price I didn't expect to be. Overall good find, I'll remember this one.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hiking_girl_78
<Content>Great stay! Thanks to the comments left here, we chose this hotel and found it to be a great value, with free breakfast (make your own waffles!) and free underground parking. Rooms were clean and spacious, especially when compared to most boutique hotels. Located in a safe neighbourhood, about 5 minutes on foot from the Space Needle and 30 minutes to downtown and Pike Place. We were really happy about our New Year's stay in Seattle and highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel4pleasure07
<Content>Great for the price This is a great place to stay if you are on a budget. I got what I paid for and then some. Large, clean rooms and off the street parking.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel - I highly recommend it! What an incredible find! Just a 10 minute walk from the Space Needle/Seattle Center/ Music Project and a variety of restaurants (I recommend McMenamins on Roy - family-friendly pub with great staff, atmosphere and food!). Pike Market was a bit of a walk but the hotel offers free shuttle service (pre-book in the morning) to just about any of the key places in town, along with pickup and drop off at the ferry terminal and the float planes. Continental breakfast! Over and above what is required! Fresh fruit salad with papaya, banana, pineapple and pear, bagels, English muffins, bread, various toppings, waffle makers (and yes there may be lineups - but it's worth it), 3 or 4 different cereals, milk, juice, coffee and tea. And all in a very bright room off the lobby that overlooks a courtyard with a fountain. Did I mention the fireplace in the lobby? The room was standard size (we had 2 beds and a sofa) with fridge and microwave - VERY CLEAN and well decorated. The tub and shower! Perfect for either a shower or soaking in the tub with molded ledges to put your soaps, shampoos or wine glass - very comfortable. My recommendation - stay here. Period.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teridk928
<Content>Nice, clean, and a great place for families. Nice location within walking distance of the Space Needle. We had a 2 bedroom suite which we felt was a great price for the location. Free breakfast is your basic continental plus waffles, although there were long lines for this. The free parking was a real plus. I stayed at other hotels downtown that charged $25 a night.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot in Seattle The Comfort Suites Downtown Seattle was a great hotel for a first-time visitor to the area. We had a very clean, comfortable room overlooking an attractive courtyard with fountain, and took advantage of the hotel's bountiful, complimentary continental breakfast each day (unlimited bagels, coffee, fruits, belgian waffles, and more). The free parking at the hotel is one of the better perks, as you'll pay by the hour to park at other areas throughout the city. And the location is within walking distance of the Space Needle, Experience Music Project, and the Queen Anne neighborhood. Overall an attractive, affordable option for new and returning visitors to Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maxinella
<Content>Good budget choice Well located, clean and well priced. The rooms were a bit small, and the view was nothing great, but there is a shuttle bus available and the hotel is a short walk to public transportation. A good budget choice.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pleasant clean downtown hotel Stayed at this hotel during a 5 day trip to Seattle in July. Adequate, clean room with high speed internet. Breakfast good but way too crowded with people standing in line particularly for the only hot item, waffles (which were excellent). Free parking a BIG plus. Location excellent but be warned that many maps DO NOT SHOW that Roy St. in front of the hotel is TWO-WAY east of 5th ave. Also, Roy does not cross 99 (freeway) so don't even try to get there from east of the freeway. Call for directions especially if you are arriving at night or you'll be driving around for a while!Local restaurants in the Queen Anne section of town excellent including MANY Thai selections. Drive up the hill to Kerry Park where that famous shot of Seattle with Mt. Ranier in the background was taken.Overall, a pleasant experience and a good value for downtown Seattle. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value Stayed here with family for a few nights in July in a two bedroom suite. The suite was spacious, quiet and comfortable, Space Needle visible from one window, fridge, microwave and tea/coffee facilities provided. TV in each bedroom and lounge, basic but clean furnishings. Breakfast was included and fine, although the hotel was full and the breakfast area crowded at peak times. Two or three places to eat within easy walking distance - Bahn Thai just up the road was good. It pays to book the hotel well in advance for the summer - our suite was $122 plus tax (website internet rate), excellent value for Seattle, but I did book some months in advance. Would strongly recommend, particularly for families.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms are small, but clean Basic hotel for a basic stay. The rooms sounded (in ads) a lot bigger than they were, but they were clean and simple. Parking is in a locked garage and they let us leave our car (that afternoon) there even though we checked out that AM. Price was very competitive too. ($99)  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AGS_guy
<Content>Stayed here late May 2004... Convenient location. Clean rooms. High-speed internet service did not work in our room during the 3 nights we were there--manager gave us $25 discount for our inconvenience. Secure underground parking. Decent breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't say enough about this hotel. We have stayed in several hotels around the downtown/queen ann area and this is the best. The staff always has a smile and they go out of their way to make your stay pleasent.In the Queen Ann section of the city there is ton's of restuarants and 2 large grocery stores. It's a 6 block walk from the hotel but it's a safe and pleasant walk. We will stay at Comfort Inn again and again.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Curt41
<Content>Positive Experience overall We visited Seattle in April. We wanted to stay at a hotel that was near the Space Needle. Comfort Suites was within walking distance about a quarter mile away. The room was modern and clean. The breakfast was filling although the selection was minimal (only one kind of bagel, plain, and muffin, blueberry) among the usual continental breakfast offerings. We did enjoy making our own waffles though. They had secured underground parking. The negatives was the thin walls and noisy toilets. THe hotel itself is somewhat secluded near the freeway on one side and commercial buildings on the other sides (our second story balcony overlooked an auto shop). Overall, we had a positive experience.   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, cosy and convenient I was only spending 2-3 days in Seattle, on my way from Hong Kong to Toronto. I wanted a place with free car parking because I wanted to rent a car and drive around the Seattle area (most specifically to the Boeing factory tour in Everett !). I found this hotel being praised on this very website and it sounded ideal. I rented a car from the airport, and even though I had NEVER driven in Seattle before, I didn't have too much trouble finding the hotel. It's situated near the junction of two major roads going in  out of city centre so it's very convenient for drivers - but surprisingly noise from the traffic hardly spills into the rooms at all. [I was actually surprised (should I be ?) to find that the Comfort Suites is actually a 'twin' of the Seattle Hampton Inn. The two hotels look almost identical from the outside, are only a couple of blocks away from each other, and share the same courtesy bus which other reviewers on this page loved (I didn't use this service).]The Comfort Suites is situated sort of at the watershed between city centre and the suburbs. Yes, you can walk to Seattle Centre (the cultural and event complex) though probably not to the downtown Central Business District. The area is fairly quiet and actually feels quite safe to walk late at night. The location is ideal if you are driving around Seattle (or use the courtesy bus, I suppose) but just don't expect any shops/restaurants nearby within walking distance. For me, I quite liked the location. After a day sightseeing in and around Seattle, it was nice to retreat back to a 'suburban home' for a quiet night's rest.The hotel looks quite new and hence still feels very clean and bright. I don't like 'quaint', 'rustic' or 'characterful' half as much as I like clean, crisp sheets, unstained carpets, and spotless bathrooms ! The room I had was a non-smoking room on the top floor as I requested (I was pleased that the hotel fulfilled this requests - many others in my experience often ignore such requests). The room was reasonably roomy: not hugely spacious but more than adequate for my wife and I. It was nice and brightly lit (a welcome change from the typically dark rooms of most chain hotels). I had a lovely view of the Space Needle from the window. My wife didn't like the low hum from the aircon, but I reckon that the fact you could hear it in the first place meant the room and the neighbourhood was really quite quiet.I think the breakfast is slightly overrated by the other reviewers on this page: it's just a very simple cold continental breakfast (breads and cereals). But I must admit that the breakfast area was again clean and bright. Just sitting there with the morning sun shining in through the large windows, enjoying a relaxing view of the pert little courtyard, and seeing the smiles and enthusiasm of the other guests (especially those with kids) is a good way to start the day. The feel was not unlike that of a nice family camp actually. All these young families eager and keen to have a good day out having fun certainly pumps you up to get out there and enjoy your day too. Nice.The service was OK, but I couldn't help feeling that the hotel is understaffed. All the while I was checking in, the reception phone literally rang non-stop, and the 2 receptionists had to simultaneously answer calls and do my registration. I actually didn't feel like asking too much of the staff after that. Don't expect anyone to help carry your luggage to your room - it's not that kind of hotel. But that's OK with me: I save a tip, and it adds to the 'family camp' feel.The car parking was important to me, and I wasn't disappointed. There were plenty of spaces in the 2-level undergorund carpark even though most (if not all) guests brought cars. The carpark was dimly lit, but again clean and the key-activated carpark gate made you feel pretty secure.This hotel had vending machines on 2 of the floors. But the corner where the machines were smelt badly of cigarrette smoke. Thankfully, my non-smoking room was relatively odor-free. I was disappointed that there was not bottle opener either at the machines or in my room. I had bought a couple of bottles of Seattle's famous micro-brewery beer, but found I couldn't open them. The hotel advertises all its rooms as 'suites' but offered no kitchenette facilities (at least in normal rooms like mine) other than a small fridge under the TV. The thought of pestering the reception staff for a bottle top opener made me uncomfortable somehow when I thought of how hopelessly busy and flustered they seemed to be ...Overall, I liked this hotel very much. It offered attractive, clean rooms and free parking at a really good price. The atmosphere (but not the service) was great. The location was not smack in the middle of town, but if you're driving (and I found driving really was the best way to get around in Seattle) I think you'll find the location is actually quite ideal. I would definitely consider staying here again next time I travel to Seattle.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>austijs
<Content>Great Hotel This was a great hotel. The only problem that we had was that we got the non-smoking room that smelled like smoke. We tried to switch rooms but the hotel was booked. It wasn't that bad though. The hotel was a good location. It was 5 or 6 blocks from lots of restaurants and a few blocks from the space needle. Near the space needle there is a monorail that takes you into the heart of downtown. Breakfast was good and they kept it well stocked until it closed down.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Impressed! This was my first time in the Seattle area, so I had many hotels to choose from. I was very impressed with the FREE parking and courtesy shuttle to nearly anywhere I needed to go. Also, the Seattle Center with all its numerous attractions were well within walking distance. The free breakfast they offered was nice. They even had batter for waffles, but everyone was lined up for that. I should've gotten there earlier. Other than that, the room was quiet and comfortable and the staff very, very friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the downtown Seattle area. (Just an added note. The Steel Pig restaurant up the street was Fabulous!) A must for any BBQ lover!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Staff I called the hotel 3 times before my arrival and they were always so helpful and friendly to me on the phone. When we arrived we called the hotel and their shuttle bus came to pick us up from Amtrak. During our stay they drove us to several locations for free, an excellent service!!! The room was clean  comfortable. The breakfast was very good, however I would like to see the breakfast hours extended until 10:00. The location is within an easy walk of the Seattle Center. We walked back to the hotel after a Sonics game and felt very safe. The only thing thing I would suggest is that you either eat a meal before you arrive or have snacks with you because I didn't see any place to eat nearby. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant and a great value We stayed two nights to attend a conference downtown. The room was modestly priced, and included free parking, free continental breakfast, and free shuttle rides to and from the conference.Our standard room and the lobby were decorated in a pleasant contemporary design. We had a microwave, mini fridge, hair dryer, coffee maker, etc. We even happened to have a nice view, as our room overlooked a small courtyard with fountain. Clean and pleasant overall.Next time we will request a room on the top floor, as the ceiling seemed a bit thin (we heard lots of loud footsteps from above). Otherwise, we were extremely pleased with our stay.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable   showReview(1663120, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfort Inn Suites - A/OK   showReview(1508916, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very good hotel   showReview(1500097, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value   showReview(1400770, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home...   showReview(1399703, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel   showReview(1269508, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest Staff   showReview(1148838, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>victoriabcguy
<Content>Reliable, pleasant, as advertised.   showReview(1142717, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Comfort Suites   showReview(930721, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfort Suites - great family motel   showReview(835681, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wrde ich wieder buchen   showReview(15563226, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

