<Author>mack44
<Content>Bring your own towels... We came down for the Sugar Bowl to watch the Utes kicked the crap out of Bama. The room actually wasn't too bad and I definitely have slept in much worse. The biggest problem I had with the place was the unavailability of towels. We didn't have any new towels for a couple days. We were always told from the front desk that towels would be there very soon. Soon to them means never. I even went down there one night after not receiving towels and was told they ran out and we would have to wait til the next morning. Luckily we did pack a couple towels from home.We did experience a morning where there wasn't any water and had to wait a couple hours while they fixed some water problem. Expect your room cards not to work and have to wait for the extremely slow elevators to go back downstairs to get the room cards programmed again.We parked at neighboring pay lot which charged $15/day to park. Remember that you can't leave the lot. You will have to pay again if you leave....NO IN and OUT.We stayed here because it was cheap and relatively close to everything. I will definitely spend the extra money to get a place where I don't have to save my dirty towels in case they run out.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>MrsDickert
<Content>Better than the reviews on trip advisor! After reading all the reviews on tripadvisor, I was worried that we had booked a terrible hotel. Our group of 7 had no problems checking in and were happy to see the hotel had been recently remodeled. The beds were comfy and the hotel was clean - the two most important things to me! The hotel is close to the Superdome and train station. You can easily walk to the French Quarter in 10 minutes or hop on the trolley which has a stop across the street.My only complaints: there were a few cosmetic issues with the paint and sheetrock., the elevators were slow, and the bar closed at 10 pm on New Year's Eve.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>millertime314
<Content>About what I expected I read some reviews before I booked a room at the Parc St. Charles, so I knew what I was in store for. I think the really bad reviews come from people that pay over $100 for a room there. I only paid $55 a night and it was worth the price. The elevator situation was funny, because it worked sometimes and other times it didn't, but they have TWO elevators so no big deal. People who complain about that are stupid....two elevators..jeez. Anyway, we got into town really early around 7am so we stopped by there and sure enough they let us check in even though we weren't suppose to until 4pm!!! I was very happy about that. The staff was courteous, and the place was a bit run down, but it didn't smell bad, and the rooms were clean. It reminded me of a 4 star hotel that had not been taken care of or repaired properly.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>AEB1126
<Content>They Will Steal Your Money-Beware!!!!!!! The hotel was completely disgusting. Actual beds in the stairwells but that was not even the bad part, we did not expect a 5 star hotel. Upon check out my friend and I split the cost of the hotel and paid in cash and the rest on her debit card which she booked the hotel with. A week later the hotel charged her AGAIN for the full cost of the hotel, almost $200. We fought with them to speak to the manager and finally they admitted fault and credited her account the money. Two weeks after that the hotel has charged the room AGAIN!!!! Now the incompetent so called manager which by the way will not actually speak directly to us is saying that there is no proof. This is a totally different manager than we spoke with the first time who was very apologetic and credited the account. The bank has even attempted to talk with the hotel and tell them that the proof is in here statements. The half she paid on her card was taken out of her account and then 2 days later the total cost of the room was deducted again......hmmmmm. looks like the hotels sketchy staff is trying to STEAL our money. DO NOT stay there. DO NOT whatever you do book with your credit card.....your money will be stolen!! We have filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and will be seeking compensation through them or possible small claims court. This hotel is a SCAM. Please protect yourself and your friends. DO NOT STAY HERE!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MightyMouse90
<Content>"Survivor" Parc St. Charles Edition What I thought would be an excellent stay in New Orleans turned into some sort of rendition of the CBS realty show 鈥淪urvivor鈥? Check in at this hotel was almost as horrific as being booked into the Orleans Parish Prison except for the fact the service was worse. Atleast at OPP we would have gotten orange shower shoes (have you seen the tubs in this hotel) and a cold bologna sandwich (no free continental breakfast or room service). There is a warning sign in the lobby that clearly states this hotel is a pure dump but we are trying to change. The sign reads 鈥淧lease Excuse Our Renovations鈥? This clearly gives the hotel a license to be unsanitary and filthy. We planned to stay two nights but changed our minds after running into a friendly creole mouse that told us stay somewhere else. He also asked if we could help us move him and his family from the poverty they are forced to live in at the Parc St. Charles Hotel. The kind mouse told us he is forced to navigate his pirogue down the flooded hallways (carpet wet throughout hotel) to find food. He also told us of gang violence between the bull weavals and bed bugs that fight in turf wars throughout guest rooms in the Parc St. Charles Hotel. The bed bugs usually win these wars because they have gained an alliance with the kamikaze moths that live in the closets. The mouse said his health has been declining rapidly due to the dust that has formed in his lungs. His children are also victims of bully鈥檚 when asked where they live. The above only references a few problems with this hotel. This hotel is rated 2 陆 Stars by Orbiz. I think this is due to the fact they financed 2 Stars from a local bank during the Subprime Lending spree. I would not recommend this hotel to a homeless person during a Tsunami or hurricane (although there is evidence in the carpets that reveal rainforest like conditions in Parc St. Charles).  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>sippichick
<Content>Gonna Try It One More Time!! I STAYED THERE A BOUT A YEAR AGO, and it wasnt all that great, but I do feel like some of the things were being addressed. I will be staying there again during the upcoming Bayou Classics. Hopefully things will be a little better! I am traveling with a party of 6 this time, so if things are not to our standards (and we are not picky at all) they will lose alot of good guest! I just wish somebody would tell me a good hotel to stay at, please!!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>ButterflyEffect
<Content>A good New Orleans hotel The gentleman that checked us in when we arrived was very professional and had us checked in quickly.Our room was clean and had two very comfortable beds. The bahroom was well stocked with towels and we had tea/coffee facilities. It was well decorated and what I considered to be quite luxurious for the price we paid. We had wireless internet and a safe but we had to pay extra for these and they were not optional. The hotel was located close to the French Quarter, Canal St and Hurrah's Casino. Taxi will cost you $30 for one or two people from the airport. Shuttle will cost the same.When we checked out the lady at reception kindly asked us if we needed a taxi and called us one. It arrived within 10 minutes which was great!Only had two problems while we stayed.1) The shower was a bit rubbish. First we couldn't figure out how to make the water come out of the shower head so we had to ask reception. Then we had no cold water, only boiling hot water. We didn't tell reception because we were only there for one more night but maybe we should have.2) On our last night our keys had been deactivated so we went all the way to our room after a late night out to have to go downstairs and get them reactivated.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Everjenny
<Content>Nightmare! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night, and it was without a doubt the worst experience of my life. The front desk staff was incredibly rude. The air conditioner in our room did not work. We were finally moved to another room, but it was not much better. All of the elevators were broken, which meant walking up and down ten flights of filthy stairs. The stairwells were filled with broken furniture, cigarette butts, beer cans, and even a bloody shirt. If I plan another trip to New Orleans and this is the only hotel available, I simply won't go. It was absolutely disgusting.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>instegater
<Content>Birthday Nightmare This was the worst I have ever been treated at a hotel anywhere. We had no towels ,no elevator, the carpet had dog doody on it and the staff was either not there or not willing to help. People were walking down 11 flights of stairs to get to the street. We were also suppose to have a continental breakfastbut that was a joke also, the first morning the resturaunt wasclosed(for lack of customers). The second morning they had cereal and no milk. It took 30 min.to get our car just to get out of there. The stairwells are also a fire hazzard for those who my want to know.  Renee  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	

<Author>jovigirl700
<Content>good hotel for the money would definatly stay at this hotel again. It was a good value for the money. Yes it needs some work to it but to rest your head at night it was just fine. Our safe in our room didn't work so they deducted the price each night for that, the pool wasn't working either but would never have had time to use it. Besides that everything was fine.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>PACK8712
<Content>Manager nightmare Larry Williams was very rude and condescending to me. I asked him questions that I guess he did not want to answer. He was very aggravated with me asking questions about the charges and the safe fee. He acted like my money was not even good enough to answer my dumb questions. I will never recommend any of the State of alabama employees that have to reserve hotels for conferences. The State has over 3,000 employees that travel over the United States looking for contractual companies for the state. I have been dealing with Choice Hotels only because of the good discount. but i stayed at Parc with out an discount and thought that was great, but after check in and other occasions that i had to deal with Mr. Williams during my stay was not hospitable. everything else about the Parc was excellent. I had another gentleman to check me out and he was very nice.(Kendrick Burton)  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	5	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>cutealyssa
<Content>Hated this Hotel !!! This property needs to be updated most severely. It is old and outdated. The rooms are extremely small and the paint was chipping off the dresser. The ceiling area where the attic door was in the bathroom appeared to have mold around the edges and the final straw was when we went to lie down for the night the bed linens had not been changed, the bed was simply made up from the night before we got there. There was even a small spot of blood on the bedspread and that was that, we just checked out and went home which was over 2 1/2 hours away. We just decided it would be a waste to go to another hotel in the middle of the night rather than change rooms because I did not want to stay there any longer. I usually don't critic hotels but this was bad. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>BostonBill21
<Content>Fine Accommodations and a Good Value The Parc St. Charles is in a great location just 2 blocks from Bourbon St and provides well equipped rooms at a good price. This is my second stay at the hotel and I will return. The front office manager L isa, is responsive to any questions or needs that arise.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nograssundermyfeet
<Content>Stay away from this hotel! Let me start by saying that this place is a major disaster! I reserved with a confirmation $$$ amount for one thing and by the end of the trip with all the taxes etc the bill over $120 more than confirmed. From the minute of arrival thru check out; the experience was terrible. The front desk staff was totally lost, stopping in the middle of checking us in to have a personal conversation with a friend, to giving our two double beds room away and sticking us in a standard murphy bed, to having no washcloths when some were requested. The room was dirty with coke cans under the bed, cigarette butts under the chairs, peeling wall paper, and filthy carpet and furniture. This is also a pet friendly hotel and while I respect pet owners, there should not be barking dogs allowed on a floor where guests with no pets are staying. Not the perfect wake up call!And one final thing, the mold in the snack, soda, and ice machine locations should really be eliminated. My traveling companion only had a minor allergic reaction when we went to get a Coke but a severe reaction is possible if you are highly allergic. And FYI, if we could have found ANY WHERE else to stay we would have moved but unfortunately due to JazzFest we were stuck.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>brooklyniteatlarge
<Content>Worst. Hotel. Ever. If outter space was the Parc St. Charles and craters were cigarette burns, the room's carpet would be the surface of the moon.The air conditioner sounded like a 747 taking off and cooled the room to the approximate temperature of a cloudy day on Mercury.The nightstand was full of little pieces of left-over marijuana.And if you're away from the hotel at night and need to reach your room, don't bother -- the desk clerk won't answer. Most likely it's because he's snoring away in the lobby and so comfortable that you and your spouse gawking won't rise him. (We got $25 off our bill for that mishap.)Over the course of 3 nights we never got an ashtray. Good luck figuring out how the shower works. And the refridgerator-shaped thing in the middle of your room's entry way is locked, so don't bother using that either -- it just blocks foot traffic.So thanks for that $25 refund -- but I'm staying elsewhere next time.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sushi_lover_30
<Content>Bring Benadryl and Cortizone! My stay at the Parc St. Charles started rocky and ended with them owing me stars by the end of my trip! Is it possible to give a negative rating to the hotel? Like -3?When my friends and I arrived at the Parc St. Charles, the staff was friendly, but disorganized. They weren't sure which rooms were available, but since we were early, we didn't mind waiting. Within about 10 minutes we got our room keys (not bad). When I got to my room, much of the decor looked nice (curtains, lamps, nice view from window), but some details were disturbing. For instance, in the hallway were dirty towels on the floor (which stayed there until the next morning). In the room, there was a bottle cap and change on the floor by the bed (which was there the entire 4-day stay). Also, after I went to the restroom, there was water leaking from the toilet. When I tried to call the front desk, the phones were not working and the light at the desk wasn't working either. I was still giving them the benefit of the doubt and thought, maybe it's got a funny switch or the hotel doesn't use dial tones? In any case, I went down to the front desk and told them of my concerns. Within about 10 minutes, a gentleman came up, fixed the toilet and then used the phone to call the front desk. (I found out later that sometimes the phone needed to be jiggled to work.) After he left, I tried to turn on a floor lamp and found it did not have a bulb. I realized that he didn't check the other desk lamp either. Not wanting to be high maintenance, I decided to overlook these minor concerns and enjoy the rest of my stay. The next morning I left to go to my conference and returned to an unmade bed; no one serviced my room. When I told the front desk, they said there was nothing they could do since housekeeping left for the day. OK.The next morning, as I left to go to my conference, the housekeeping lady came to service my room. She said towels were in the dryer and she would bring them up when they were ready. When I came home that evening, there were no towels in the room. So, I (again) went to the front desk and asked for clean bath towels, but they only had 2 hand towels. Apparently, the front desk doesn't have access to the housekeeping closet. (Lame!) When I returned to the room, I realized that there were no new sheets on the bed because I spilled some juice on the sheets the previous night and it was still there. At that moment I got all grossed out thinking that maybe the sheets weren't changed since the last guest in that room! (Yuck!) But, I tried to make the best of it and went to bed. Around 4 AM, I woke up intensely scratching the palm of my hand and my chest. There was an obvious insect bite on my chest and my hand felt like an ant laid eggs under my skin! I couldn't stop scratching and my boyfriend took a cab to a 24-hour Walgreens to buy some Benadryl and Cortizone for me. I couldn't find any bugs on the bed, but why else would one palm be so freakingly itchy! Luckily, Benadryl makes me drowsy and I was able to go back to sleep.When I got up the next morning, I was relieved that I was leaving that awful hotel! As I was packing, my boyfriend joked that maybe he should leave a $1 tip under the bed and return in a couple of weeks to see if it's still there! When he was about to do that, he pulled up a dirty white sock and innocently asked, Is this yours? I yelped, OMG, no way! Final Answer: If you stay here, bring benadryl and cortizone!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Imdracula
<Content>We LOVED The Parc St Charles !!!!!!!!!!!!       Sarah in our room at the Parc St Charles  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kdrew06
<Content>very friendly staff my family stayed at this hotel duriing mardi gras. it is very close to everything including the french quarter, riverwalk, jackson brewery and canal street. the staff was very friendly and made every effort to make make us happy. there was a glitch with our double beds room when we arrived, se lisa upgraded us to a suite on the 11th floor. it worked out even better because we were on the corner and could see everything!! the staff tried to accomodate our every want even including getting a painted coconut from the zulu parade on tuesday morning! it is a little worn as is everything in new orleans after katrina, but the convenience and the friendliness of the staff outweighs anything else. we would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buzzyr
<Content>Awful does not describe this place!! KEEP OUT!! I booked this room for a friend and myself on the internet it was suppose to be a double bed for 2 men instead we got a queen bed , I was told sorry but that was the only room available, so instead of trying to find another room in town we settled for it because it was Mardi Gras weekend and we knew it would be next to impossible to find another room at another hotel.We get into the room and start looking around, the bathroom floor was nasty, holes burnt in the carpet, something that looked like bloody snot was on the bathroom door, and the place really stunk. I checked the bed out and it seemed fine so I thought I could deal with it but felt I had no choice. I went to take a shower after packing a ton of luggage up by hand because they had no luggage carts available and only one slow elevator to be used by 11 floors of guests and the housekeepers.Anyway got into the shower and most of the water coming out of the shower was spraying on the wall, and over top of the shower curtain into the floor what water went into the bathtub collected up around my ankles because there was a big ball of hair from previous guest stuck in the drain really gross.I was going to put the room out of my head because I was there to have a good time because it was Mardi Gras. Once I was cleaned up I could look out of my window and see the parade coming down St. Charles Ave. I grabbed me a beer and headed down the stairs to watch the parade outside. There were bleachers set up in front of the hotel I assumed they were for the guest, however when I went outside and walked toward the bleachers to get a seat there were several Navy officers standing there in front of the bleachers, they told me you cant sit here these are reserved, and you have to have an invitation to sit here. I was furious at this point, and went in and asked the desk clerk why I wasn't allowed to sit in the bleachers she said the Navy had reserved the bleachers for a private party and you can only sit there if you had an invitation. So I went back out the front door and decided I would just stand and watch the parade even though the bleachers were not even half full. I was standing there in the front of the hotels main entrance with about 30 other people when someone tapped me on the shoulder, it was one of the Navy officers and she said you can't stand here in the entrance way to the hotel, even though the entire front of the hotel was baracked off so the parade could go by, and let me remind you I was the only one out of the 30 people standing there that she told to move. I told her I will move when you make the others move, she never approached any of them though.The next day I went to watch a parade again and this time they were letting no one stand in front of the hotel nor was any of the guest allowed in the stands without a special invitation. The Navy officers were there again, this time he led me through this nasty bar and out onto the side street and said you will have to watch the parade from here or go find you a place down the street. The crowd outside was enormous and I was probably 30 people back from the street where the parade was. Everyone was pushing and shoving trying to get through the crowd, I saw a couple of fights break out. Finally I said to heck with it and went back to my room. I didn't go back down there to try to watch any more parades, it totally sucked.In the lobby of the hotel there was a sign posted that said the bathrooms were for guest only, however while the parades were going on the entire lobby was filled with drunks standing in line to use the bathroom, I don't know if the hotel was charging the drunks to use the bathroom or what.Every morning around 10 you would hear the housekeeper pecking on your door yelling housekeeping. So I would go to the door and take them my dirty towels, and their carts were empty and they would say I'll bring you towels later which never happened. You would have to go looking for the housekeepers in the halls just to get a clean towel. This was the most outrageous hotel I have ever stayed in my entire life. There is even alot more that went wrong I could go on for days, but I guess I have said enough. I have been going to Mardi Gras for 11 years, and out of all the places I have stayed through the years This is the worst by far!!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	4	

<Author>kbutcher
<Content>Changed my mind. Okay, upon arrival my first impression was OMG, what a dump. However after a two night stay, honestly, I would book this hotel again. The entire staff was friendly, helpful and fun. We stayed during Marde Gra, parades pass right in front of this hotel. My kids had a ball. If you are looking for 5 star or even 2, dont stay here. My bed and bath were clean. No real amenities, but.....a great place to stay for the price. We had an excellent time.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	3	5	3	

<Author>shawnwil
<Content>Great Hotel I took a group of young people, and adults to New Orleans, Dec 26-31. We had a great stay at the hotel. The staff was wonderful, and did all that they could to serve the group. They left no stones unturned. Lisa the office manager was extremely helpful. I highly recommend this hotel. Our church has stayed at several well known hotels, and this one rates with them. The hotel is in the midst of being fixed up, but that was never a problem for my members or myself.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>jesgator
<Content>Great place to stay My Stay at the hotel was relaxing and pleasent. The hotel is located near the french quarter, the casino, shopping, the super dome and many other attractions. The hotel staff was very helpful and professional. I will stay at this hotel everytime I visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>berryjames
<Content>This hotel is Bad! This hotel should be shut down and completely gutted. Starting first with the employees. Rude! Rude! Rude! First, we did experience the no valet parking until check-in problem. Then we encountered the no reservation problem. We also experienced the double booking rooms. One person is our party had to go down 3 times because they kept giving him occuppied rooms.The rooms are dingy and dirty. Everything is outdated. The elevator is ohhhh so slowwwww. The shower sprays more water outside the tub than on your body. The positives about my stay there were clean towels and location.  I will state this again.......Parc St. Charles is not worthy anyone's hard earned dollar. Not until they make an investment in the property themselves. We were in town for the Lousiana High School Championships held yearly in the Superdome.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MANONMOVE
<Content>Rudest Staff I have ever seen! We booked several rooms for our employees to stay for XMAS party. After driving around hotel 4 times(no place to park/valet), parked on side street and lugged my luggage to the hotel. I was rudely told my young woman behind counter to park my car in middle of St. Charles ave and staff(valet) would move it in 10 to 15 minutes!! I am not leaving my car in middle of busy St. Charles Ave for that long! Rooms were dirty, bathroom floor full of dirt and mold. Shower head sprayed what little water it had on wall and shower curtain, not down on you. The absolute worst experience I have ever had at any hotel, and I do travel all the time. Hopefully, some company will buy this one out, fire everyone, and put proper staff in place. This place is a joke! Anyone traveling here thinking of staying in Historic New Orleans will came away thinking think, Too bad Katrina did not take out this place!. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Casandra84
<Content>Worst Stay Ever! Beware of the Parc St. Charles!!I was having the time of my life till I came across the Parc St. Charles in New Orleans, Louisiana. The hostess was completely rude to my boyfriend and I. She was uninformative about where any part of the hotel was located such as where our room was located and the ice maker etc. The rooms were very small and overly priced. There was dirty laundry and trash left laying in the hotel hallway. The locking mechanism on the bathroom door did not work and also the A/C was not properly working when the hostess was informed she did not respond. So please stay clear of this disaster!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	4	

<Author>mlmullens
<Content>Disorganized Service and Terrible Rooms I do not even know where to begin with this review. I have been traveling on the road for several years now and this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.1. Check-in: it took them about 20 minutes to find my reservation and check me in. Meanwhile I was harrassed by some maintenance guy in an I Love NY t-shirt.2. The room I was given was in terrible shape - suffice to say it hadn't been vacuumed, the floor was crummy, cabinets were falling apart, and there was a pubic hair on the edge of the tub presumably left by the previous occupant.3. My room was non-smoking but smelled of smoke, and there were cigarette burns on the carpeting.4. A guy who was traveling in my party checked in later than I did, and he wound up having to come back down 3 times to get new rooms, because they kept giving him room keys for rooms that were already occupied!!5. Check-out: We negotiated a group rate and when we went to check out, they did not honor the group rate, we are in the process now of disputing our charges with Amex.Save yourself the trouble, don't book yourself at this hotel, it was absolutely the worst experience and worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PastorSOJ
<Content>Wonderful staff at Parc St. Charles It was my first time in New Orleans and the front desk manager, Lisa, made me feel really at home. Very jovial and friendly even under extreme pressure. Her workers too took after her; always smiling.It was a a pleasure staying at the hotel  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MicksGal84
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!! I called one day in advance to make reservation through hotel's front desk. I was set with a King size room for $75/night. When I arrived at the hotel after having to waste four hours because I couldn't valet until I checked in, I was told that my reservation was for a Queen size room at the King size price. No Way! I told the girl at the front desk that this needed to be corrected and she told me that the hotel was completely booked due to a football game in town and there was nothing she could do. Well, after 30 minutes of arguing with managment, I got the smaller room at the correct price. After going upstairs in the only elevator in the whole place (which smelled and had an un-explainable liquid covering the floor) we got to the room which was absolutely filthy. I overheard another traveler downstairs complaining about the room and front desk told them that housekeeping was gone for the day and nothing could be done. That explains why my room was a mess too, housekeeping must've given up half-way through the hotel. We were also returning to our room later in the evening and the door key suddenly didn't work, so we had to go all the way back downstairs to get it fixed. The next morning we woke up for the continental breakfast, which consisted of about 20 palm-sized muffins, dry cereal, and apple juice. McDonald's has a better breakfast... After checking out a.s.a.p., the rude front desk girl from the check-in was back. After checking us out, she called for the valet and that was it! A THANK YOU for staying would have been decent, but not even that. The staff is rude and lazy, the hotel is disgusting, and the reservation desk has no clue which end is up.**DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL--SAVE YOUR $$$!!!**  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>smy333
<Content>Alright Stay.... On a guided tour of the South, Parc St. Charles was the last hotel on our stop. I have to say it was only alright. There were some problems. The lobby is definately small. The room I had was double beds but smelled strongly of smoke and being a non smoker, it wasn't pleasant. My bed cover when turned over was grey and had several cigarett burn holes in it. The other bed had two stained pillow cases and they smelled unwashed. I'm not sure if they changed the sheets everyday. The two sitting chairs also were stained and seemed a little dingy. Another guest in our tour group also mentioned a very small pool. There is also the problem of turning the showers on! I had to call the front desk which isn't probably that uncommon on how to switch it to shower. There is directions in the bathroom on a little card that in our room was covered by a towel!While not that impressed with this hotel, I was impressed with the front desk clerk, Lisa. She was extremely helpful and called us in our room to make sure everything was good. There were several other workers there that also were very helpful! Without these individuals, this hotel would definately faulter in my eyes! Hopefully, the future renovation that Lisa mentioned will upgrade this hotel  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>NeedhamBill
<Content>Great Hotel at a Reasonable Price Parc St. Charles is no longer affiliated with Best Western, but the hotel still provides great service, close to Bourbon Street at a good price. The rooms are well furnished, the staff is very polite and friendly. If you need something ask for Lisa, and she will help you out! I have stayed there 4 times in the past year and they do it right!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chiickie
<Content>Very disappointing Before leaving on our road trip to New Orleans, I decided to call and make sure everything was ready as I called well in advance (31 days). I asked the Reservationist to confirm my reservation and gave her my reservation number. She returned to the phone with very disturbing news--she could not find a reservation in my name and then proceeded to end the conversation. Wrong...!!!! I told her that I made the reservation weeks ago and there should be a reservation there. She seemed unconcerned and rude. She explained to me that it was not her fault and I did not make the reservation with her. She also let me know there was nothing she could do. She explained they were overbooked and if she found my reservation, she would not be able to place me in a room anyway. Needless to say once I said what I had to say and explained that I had a 7 hour drive and plenty of time to wait, she eventually found my reservation. But that is not all..Once we arrived we had more more problems. The hotel looked nothing like it did in the picture. The rooms had burn marks in the carpet andholes in in the comforter. We were told we would have WiFi but it never worked. We were promised free continental breakfast but for some reason it was not available on our last day there (of course the only day we decided to get breakfast). We also had a mini bar and refrigerator in our room. We asked for the key and the person at the front desk said no we are not giving out keys right now...sorry. Yes they were! I will never stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>missbrandi
<Content>Worst Hotel in America I booked a 3 day stay at Parc St. Charles via Priceline. I thought it would be suitable for showering and sleeping - I was so wrong. Unfortunately, all the bad reviews about this hotel were warranted. I would have been better off staying at a Motel 6. This hotel was absolutely gross. Some of the minor problems which didn't really bother me were that the hotel lobby is small and smells funky and there's only one working elevator which was super slow. Now the major problem with this hotel is the rooms. There were huge stains all over the carpet...the carpet needs to be replaced. The chairs in the room had stains on them as well - I was scared to sit on them. The room also had a funky smell. The sheets on the bed had hairs on it. The sheets were thin and worn. The bathroom needed a deep cleaning. The bathroom floor looked like it had never seen a mop. The bath towels were stained. There was a tissue hanging out of the ceiling in the tub area. And lastly, I found an arm of a barbie doll on the floor, which lets me know that the room hadn't been cleaned properly; otherwise housekeeping would have found the barbie doll's arm instead of me. The only good thing about this hotel is it has free wi-fi.All in all, this hotel was disgusting and I didn't sleep one night in this room. This hotel was so nasty that I had to pay extra money and go to a different hotel. I would never ever stay at this hotel again...you couldn't pay me to.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmberLHouston
<Content>Worst Western Parc St. Charles...Ain't anything Best about it. The hotel is next to a park where bums sleep...so don't walk by yourself at night. The hotel staff was unhelpful and they ask for a copy of your drivers license...which I find to be disturbing because they leave the information out on the front desk. The hotel room is incredible small and most of the furniture was broken and the whole hotel smelled of smoke. This hotel was gross and I would never stay there again. I wish I would have heard of this website before I went to New Orleans this past time.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>telstarceo
<Content>Don't Make Our Mistake!!! Online reservation and price charged at hotel were not same. Charged $16.00 more for room than reservation. King room that was reserved 18 days in advance and secured with a credit card not available. No working drink or snack machines. Room much, much, much smaller than pictured. Room not available at check in, but not allowed to valet park until we checked in. Self parking not available anywhere close so basically you're screwed. A very bad experience that I will be sure and not repeat! Will not stay at this or its sister hotels again! Could have been worse I guess. We had to go down to the bar to get our cokes, and they were turning people away saying they were full. Customer's had full documentation of online reservation and confirmation with credit card. At least we had a room to stay in at this less than desirable location. Stay as far away from this hotels and its sister hotels as possible. The apple can't fall far from the tree.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newly_single
<Content>well, it's a place to sleep. Stayed for 5 days over Jazz Fest. My room was fully cleaned/made up on only one of those days, and not at all on one of them. I don't need fresh sheets and towels every day, but a quick swipe of the sink and tub, a bath mat (!) and replacing the towels I leave on the floor (after using as a bath mat) would be nice. The shower was terrible, you could stand under it without getting wet, but were in water up to your ankles in a minute.Coffee service in the room only works if they leave you coffee, and cups. A smoking room should have an ashtray. There's no room service or food available, the vending machine on the top floor was mostly empty. No fridge or microwave in the room.The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, especially Lisa Griffin. She works her tail off to make up for how under-staffed they are after Katrina. The location was convenient to the Quarter and felt safe, quiet, and easy to get to. Would I stay there again? Maybe. I hope New Orleans continues to come back, and I might try it again for the location. I'd stock up on breakfast food and snacks from outside, though.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	5	2	-1	

<Author>jene4c
<Content>Skip this hotel               More photos  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	5	

<Author>matterlaw
<Content>Excellent experience I very much enojyed my stay at this hotel. It was very convenient to the U.S. courthouses (where I had work to do) and a terrific blend of reasonable price and high quality. The service was also friendly and helpful, as I was able to check in early in the day and able to leave my travel bag through the afternoon of my check-out date. The Government rate was at least $40 less than that of similar (my opinion) hotels in the area.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LadyDia
<Content>Great Experience Parc St. Charles Our experience was great and Lisa Griffin was great. She made our stay pleasant and help out with any needs that we had. She is an asset to your hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>texohmnm
<Content>GREAT HOTEL in a GREAT LOCATION with a GREAT PRICE I have read the other reviews and find them puzzling. I stay at this hotel two nights a week. I travel every week and have stayed in numerous hotels. This hotel is excellent for the price. My experience has always been nothing short of excellent. The staff is very helpful and is always on hand to help. The rooms I find to be in great shape and are plenty big. There is a bar and restaurant in the Hotel and also have great people to serve you. My overall rating for this Hotel Four Stars.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alabama2006
<Content>horrible/racism and attitude Checking in took over an hour because the computer kept shutting down. The room was sub-standard, small. The bathroom floor was covered with black curly hair. We slept on the mattress the first night because the sheets were too small for the bed. The second night, after asking 3 different people, we got the same size sheets, and when complaining to the front desk, my boyfriend, who happens to be African, was told he had an attitude by one front desk clerk in particular. She took it to a personal level and said she was calling her husband to take care of it. We had to call the supervisor who wasn't on the property in order to get sheets for the night. Asking for towels for the second day was a task in itself. We had to go to the front desk twice, make a call to the same supervisor and then go back a third time late in the night to have clean towels for the second evening. The hotel experience was horrible and I'd never recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>CHB-BR
<Content>Horrible Experience I made a reservation a month in advance for my 21 year old son and a friend to stay for the Sugar Bowl. When my son checked in, they were told there was no reservation in his name. That is not true as I had called in to request 2 double beds instead of a queen, 3 weeks earlier. They had immediately come up with the reservation then. My son got Orbitz to fax the reservation, then they were told that the hotel was overbooked, there were no rooms available. They were sent to a sister hotel. I talked to management, she was extremely rude, said my son volunteered to go to the other hotel. Absolutely not true, we are familiar with the other hotel and it's a pitt, he would have never volunteered. She became angry with me, saying that they had found him lodging. He only agreed to the other hotel because he was told there were no rooms there. I got Orbitz to call and the Orbitz representative told me he is filing a report as the hotel management was very cross and unhelpful. If this is how they treat their guests I want nothing to do with their hotel ever.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>JackHide
<Content>Horrible Best Western The worst ever Best Western I stayed. Everything is run down: Furniture, carpets, bathrooms, floors, walls.... Air-conditioning is really as load as another writer reports. And there's no way to lower the speed of the fan. It's either on or off.Carpets are discusting, walls are scratched, lamp shirms are falling apart and so on... And nobody really seems to care. You see this also on the images on the wall. They obviously are not horizontal (even near the entrance) or the lamps are not vertical...The breakfast is a joke. Some corn-flakes and plain bagels with jam. That's it, because nobody cares to refill the coffee-bar for the guests. Staff must also have no time to wash dishes, because everything comes with nice plastc cuttlery and plates...  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	3	

<Author>alstr1
<Content>What a Nightmare Ok let me start by saying my heart goes out to all the surrvivors of Hurricane Katrina. Taking into the equation the fact that this area was devistated by the storm i tried to be fair in this reveiew. Upon arrival it took 45min to check in. Never in my life have i had to endure a 45 min check in. The staff has no clue. They were completly useless. When we got there the gentlemen behind the counter was a trainee left all alone to run this entire hotel who was clueless. I was amazed that having no experience  being new he was left to run the entire place. As we were checkinng in people with reservations left bec it was taking too long. After that we finally made it to the room on the 3rd floor. The room was ok. We came to find out though that the walls are paper thin in these rooms. One room on one side was extremly loud  the other was lets say head board banging the wall all night. The table in the room was so woobly i was afraid to put a paper on it for fear it would fall apart. The lamp shades were really in poor condition and all falling apart. I did like the fact that each room had central a/c reather then a window shaker unit. The bed was actually not that bad. The biggest issue with the property was that the staff didnt have a clue. They were even unaware of things located right on the property. We asked for a newspaper or even where we could get one  2 staff members had no clue..well there was a newspaper box located right in the lobby that they were not aware of. HELLO. The staff (those that spoke english) were clueless. Another thing is the hotel is VALET ONLY at a charge of $20 a day. Call ahead for your car by at least a 1/2 hr. It allways took a 1/2 hr or more to get your car. Again i realize this area was devistated but in order to bring people back they need to get better at there customer service skills if they think people will return. The overall experience was dissapointing. I would not recomend staying here any time soon.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horror!!!!! I am a New Orleans evacuee and had to travel back to New Orleans to vote in the infamous mayoral election. I've stayed in many hotels in the CBD and French Quarter districts, but this hotel on the corner of St. Charles and Poydras was a creepy nightmare. It seems that it probably was a beautiful hotel back in the day. But it needs a MAKEOVER. In order to get to our room we had to go through a crowded bar to use an elevator. ( I traveled with my husband and two little kids). Right next to the elevator was a garbage can with a pair of dirty panties sitting on top!!!!! We get to the room, it reeks of smoke and the carpet was filthy and stained. The beds had flakes of I don't know what. I called the front desk and ask for another room or for housekeeping. She said in a rude manner that housekeeping was gone for the day and there was no other room available. After six long hours on the road, I was too tired to look for another hotel. I checked out a day later and the dirty panties was still next to the elevator.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Caution Stayed at Parc St Charles in mid May for one night, it was not the same place we had stayed previously. The property is generally shopworn and tired, needs some attention in the form of $$ spent on refurbishing, only one elevator worked and you have to access it in the bar which is a smoking area. The windows don't open and the air system sounds like a jet plane. My advice would be to look a little further than the Parc St. Charles.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel ever Not a good hotel at all. My boyfriend and I are originally from New Orleans but have moved due to hurricane Katrina. We Visited the Parc St. Charles because we had a funeral to attend. Upon arrival at 2:45 (becaused we were told to be there for three )we were told by the same receptionist to have a seat because we were too early, we were in the lobby for a good half of an hour longer. We finally got our room and it was really small (Queen size room very very smal) the remote for the t.v didn't have a back so they put gray duck tape arround it to hold the batteries inn. Our main problem was the hotels staff. I have never in my life had a receptionist call me out of my name (the B word) because we were asking for the print up of our room when we checked out. The manager did not help, he threatend to call security on me because I got upset. We never got the print up. When we returned home I called the hotel to get the number for the corporate office so we could make a complaint we were hung up on twice by the actual manager because I asked for him, and twice by the font desk. Bottom line don't even stay at this hotel for one night.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hospitality My wife and I had to go to a wedding in N.O. post-Katrina in March, and ended up at the Parc St. Charles. Under normal circumstances I wouldn鈥檛 recommend it. The carpeting in our room had seen better days, and the furniture was a little worn, although the bed was comfortable. And only one of two elevators worked. There were also few 鈥渆xtra鈥?amenities such as internet access, although I believe the hotel had Wi-Fi.But, and this is a big but, the staff was extraordinary. They were very helpful and friendly. I got the feeling they were understaffed, and still trying to deal with various Katrina related issues. Based on hospitality alone I would give the hotel a second chance. But I鈥檓 pretty easy going, and I don鈥檛 know if others would be so forgiving.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Southern hospitality at its best We stayed here a week before Hurrican Katrina hit town. Our first time in New Orleans was great. This place has a great location (right on the trolley line)...and a close walk to everything. The rooms were clean and accomodating. We had to change rooms midweek and the next room was even more spacious. The most impressive attribute is the courteous, helpful staff. Every employee helped to make our stay enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place To View Mardis Gras There have been a number of times we have had Reunions of our ship in New Orleans and always stayed at the Le Parc and at Mardi Gras always had a room on the second floor and when after viewing so many parades would go the the room and would hear the Beads hitting the window.Was a shipmate of Tommie Lupo and I'm glad he died before the Devastation of N'Awlins  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you for keeping my family safe Since our vehicle could not accomodate the entire famly - pets included - to evacuate from the oncoming Hurricane Katrina, we decided to stay at the Parc St. Charles to ride out what we thought would be a 12 hour inconvenience. We were stuck there for 7 days. The staff took incredible care of us in spite of a constant threat from looters, no water, limited power and little food. Thanks to the very hard work of the staff, my family was able to stay safe at the hotel until a vehicle was made available to us.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Acceptable Space for Price My husband and I just came back from our week vacation in New Orleans. If you are looking for a place to stay in New Orleans that's convenient to the French Quarter, Bourbon St, and the Cable Cars then this is the place to stay. The restaurant in the hotel is very overpriced. The room itself is ok if you are just looking for a place to sleep and shower. The remote control to the TV doesn't work, and although there is a refrigerator in there room, you can't use it because it's locked up. There's a safe in the room but you pay mandatory fee of $3.00/night for it. This charge is not optional.All things considered, if we were to visit New Orleans again, we will probably not choose to stay at Parc St. Charles.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressed with The Parc St. Charles Hotel My husband and I visited New Orleans on a business trip May 25  26, 2005Being our first time in New Orleans and not being used to driving in a big city we were very relieved when the staff at the hotel guided us in to the location of the hotel by phone. The professionalism and hospitality of this hotel was excellent. The location of the hotel in the Business District was perfect for our needs, including the availability of superb restaurants and transportation. Our arrival coincided with an unexpected concert in the park adjacent to the hotel. We met terrrific people who obviously loved what they do and where they live, a great testimonial to New Orleans.If we go back to N.O. we will most certainly return to this hotel...the only thing we would change is to have higher watt light bulbs - we understand that power costs are high there so the lighting was not as bright as we would have liked (energy conservation?). We are originally from the north and we are happy to report that southern hospitality is alive and well in N.O.!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>O.K. For The Price My family stayed at this hotel July 31-August 4, 2005. It was O.K. We were able to check into our room when we arrived at 11:30 a.m. When we received the key to a room, we discoverd that it had people already in it! Imagine the surprise walking in on someone who hasn't checked out yet! When we received another room on the 9th floor we were pleased until we found shoes, the iron was missing and later the next day discovered the table top was cracked. The elevator broke down on day 2 and being 5 months pregnant I panicked. The alternate elevator was in a smoke filled bar and took a very long time to come down (did I mention that I was 5 months pregnant?). I guess these are some of the little quirks that come with a hotel which I only paid $71.00 a night. Had we paid more, I would have been extremely upset.P.S. the valet is $28.00 per night, there is lots of cheap parking in surrounding lots, be prepared to walk.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will never stay there agian!!!!!!!!!! I read a lot of reviews about this hotel before my girlfriend and I decided on staying here. What I didn't see is any one complaining about a lack of a fitness center which was listed under the ammenities. Once we got there I asked about it and was directed to the 11th floor, once we got in the room I decided to go check out the pool and fitness center. Well, it tuned out to be nothing more than a 10'X8' tub of water and 6 or 7 lounge chairs. How anyone could consider this a pool or fitness center is beyond me. I guess they were talking about the wait for the over taxed elevators or the extermely long wait for the valet to bring the car around was the exercise part of it. And before the management replies to this comment about the valets and the demand for parking Down Town, let me say this, there were no special events this weekend, and I have stayed at at least a dozen other hotels in New Olreans, and I never have had to wait as long for my car as I did that day. Not only that, but it took them at least an hour to even move my car from in front of the hotel after check in. The room itself wasn't that bad minus the filthy windows which seem to be brought up quite frequently here, the tiny T.V., the hard bed, and the feeling that the room was cleaned just enough to get by. About the only good things that I can say about this hotel was the location, good thing too, because if you couldn't walk everywhere you would miss everything waiting on your car, and the staff seemed friendly, even though 30 min. after the 4 p.m. check in time I still had to wait another 30 min. for a room to be ready, all though after seeing how well the room was cleaned, one would think the entire hotel was cleaned in about an hour. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless it was the only room available!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Park St. Charles Great Location. Walking Distance from the French Quater and just a hop, skip and jump from the Garden District. The staff was very nice and helpful. We were especially fond of Mellissa Kennedy. She provided great customer service and was very helpful, pointing out the hot spots, including some really cool local's hangouts.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away!!!!!!!!!! BEWARE!!! This is not your typical Best Western. I was HIGHLY disappointed in the hotel. My problems included: 1. You must go through a smokey bar to get to one of the elevators; 2. Did not receive my requested wake up call the first morning; 3. Elevators were dirty (dried spit on inside door鈥f it had time to dry, they had time to clean it); 4. Dirty/stained carpet in room; 5. NO cold water鈥?only luke warm. 6. No working internet service, despite advertisements on website; 7. elevator broken one morning; 8. Poor TV reception for certain channels; 9. volume set EXTREMELY loud when TV is turned on; 10. Dirty walls, stains and marks that could easily be cleaned if attended too鈥?disgusting. 11. Complimentary toothpaste was expired, cracked cap, and dried out. STAY AWAY from this dump. It is VERY overpriced, in bad shape, and a disgrace to the rest of the Best Western chain that I have experienced.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun time at the parc saint charles Some friends and I stayed at the this hotel during our trip to new orleans. I must say that whomever wrote some of the previous reviews must be used to 5 diamond hotel ratings because for only a 2 star rated hotel, we found our room, lobby, hallways,to be way above our expectations of an average hotel. For the price, this hotel is great, and unless I had the money to spend to be in the french quarter, I would definatly stay here again. We got checked in at 12:30, immediatly when we arrived, they were very helpful in finding restaurants, attractions. the people who wrote some of these terrible reviews are the kind of people who make my normal working life a living hell. Nothing is ever good enough, they think that they are entitled to somthing more than what they recieve, and those who wrote the bad reviewsshould have been staying at the Ritz Carlton or somthing. For people on a budget and who aren't anal about microscopic dirt in corners and the normal smell of a smoking room, I definatly reccomend this hotel, it's got charm, nice decor, and it is very close to all of your attractions!! Choose the parc saint charles!!! Spend more on beer  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Myself and my family recently stayed at the Parc St. Charles in New Orleans for a 3 night stay on a leg of our vacation. We were very pleased with the room, which was spacious, the excellent courtesy of the staff, and the pricing. We were in walking distance of the French Quarter, Riverside, the Casino and fine restaurants. They do charge for parking, but is fairly reasonable on the charge.One of the nicest places to stay for the money charged for the room in any large cities we have stayed in. I would highly recommend this hotel.Signed,A native Florida Family of 5  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Customer service with a smile! My friend and I were staying at the Parc St Charles in order to participate in a triathlon. We lugged our bikes through the lobby for the days before and the day of the race without a single complaint from the hotel staff. In fact, once we arrived, and told them we were there for an athletic event, they upgraded us to a nicer room. They said they wanted us to be comfortable. After our race, Winnie King, one of the hotel staff members, gladly fetched extra towels so we could clean up and enjoy all the great sites of New Orleans. We will again be participating in a triathlon in August. The Parc St. Charles will again be our home away from home. Thanks for helping us have a great race!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! My fiance and I recently visited New Orleans, and stayed at the Parc St. Charles. They were absolutely wonderful! We have been thinking of having our wedding in New Orleans, and when we mentioned that to the staff, they were quick to list several places for us to look at. They gave us everything from directions around town, to the city's history. Everyone was just so nice and made us feel very welcome. The hotel itself was the picture of how we had viewed New Orleans. It was full of history (apparantly it used to be a bank or something), hidden architecture, and is just a short walk from Bourbon St. (very handy when you decide to enjoy all Bourbon St. has to offer, and then have to find your way back!). The room we had was comfortable and interesting too. The ceiling was very high, and two of the walls were made entirely of windows! We noticed a slight problem with our shower (as I said, the building isn't new), which we mentioned to the front desk on our way out for lunch. By the time we got back, they hadn't just patched the problem, they had completely replaced the faucet. The only sign that they had even entered the room was the shiny, new faucet and a card apologising again and stating the problem had been taken care of. We were so lucky to find such a gem for the price we paid. The location, the staff, the atmosphere, all just seem to say Welcome to New Orleans. We highly recommend the Parc St. Charles to anyone thinking of visiting New Orleans!- Erin  Cesar  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic!!! Wow! I actually hadn't read any reviews before I stayed there, and now that I have I wonder if some of these people stayed at the same place I did. This hotel had charm, personality, and some of the nicest people I've ever seen at a hotel! No, the hotel isn't sterile and pristine, but neither is the city itself. I made a reservation at a hotel, not a hospital, and that is exactly what I got. A hotel with character. A hotel with a story. A hotel that felt like part of the city, not just some carbon copy of every other hotel in the country. The people there really did everything they could to make us feel welcome. They knew all about the city, and suggested some great places for us to visit. They even took the time to tell us some of the city's history themselves. Everyone there seemed to really love New Orleans and that goes a long way in my book. Also, the hotel is so close to Canal and Bourbon St. it took less than 5 minutes to walk right into the thick of New Orleans' night life, but it's far enough away that you aren't kept up by all the kids partying. It was perfect!Jason F.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parc St. Charles- a great find We booked a last minute vacation through Overstock.com vacations. After booking we were a little apprehensive about staying at this hotel while reading some of the reviews here. But after staying this past weekend June 17th-20th 2005 I don't know how we could have been happier with our choice. The price was excellent and the location was fantastic. The St. Charles street car stops across the street and it is definitely walking distance to the French Quarter. Our room was clean, orderly  ready for us when we arrived at 10 AM. Check in was friendly and quick. We had a corner room on the 11th floor with a nice view. We had a fridge  microwave in our room which was a pleasant surprise as well. Check out was a breeze, no unexpected charges as we had actually read the noticeable sign regarding the safe charge that was on the front desk *and* the clerk pointed it out to us...The room was great, the staff was friendly and accomodating- we would definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>labas1025
<Content>Terrible Hotel We had an aweful experience from the time we walked in the door. Thank goodness we only had to stay here one night. First off, there were three people at the front desk when we walked in and no one acknowledged us. We stood there for a few minutes then all three of them went in the back. One person came back out and still ignored us for a few minutes. Finally she acknowledged us but with an attitude like what do you want. Then she couldn't find our reservation. We didn't bring the reservation number and the clerk swore she couldn't find the reservation by name, only by the reservation number. I've never heard of this in my life. They did have room, though, which should have raised a red flag having room on a Saturday night. It was 1 o'clock when we arrived. The clerk said the room wasn't ready yet, which is understandable since check in is at 3 o'clock. She gave us the key and said the room would be ready around 3-3:30. We came back to the hotel at 5:15 and went up to the room, but the key she gave us didn't work. We went back down to the front desk and the new clerk on duty had trouble finding our reservation and when he did, said they are still waiting a room assignment for us. We told him we got a key earlier. He then changed his story and said the room isn't clean yet, it'll be a few minutes. We were just up there and there wasn't a maid in sight, so I was sure they were right on to getting it cleaned. Fifteen minutes later he comes back to us with a key to another room. Finally at 5:30 pm we got in a room. The service here is so poor and the people seem like they don't want to be there. On Sunday we checked out and moved to the Chateau Sonesta which is a great hotel and highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel Great rooms with plush towels and good mattresses with lovely bedspreads. To get to Canal St you walk to the street car that passes in front of the hotel. Mexican Restaurant next door and CC's coffee one block away. Wish they had refrigerator and microwave but what they did have was first class. Would defintely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to write home about We stayed Fri  Sat of Memorial Day Weekend. We'd booked through Expedia, and they had it rated as a three star, but I would rate it a two. It wasn't anything fancy, but it was clean. A little small for a room that size with a queen bed. No overhead lighting, and small bedside lamps, so if you like to do a little reading before bed, the lighting was poor.One elevator was out of order upon arrival, so we had to take the one in the lounge, which wasn't so bad if you were a smoker, but we're not. Once the other one was fixed, there was still a wait to catch one.I have no complaints about the staff. I'd have to say we would probably not choose to stay there a second time.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated Special The room is above average. The ammenities somewhat lacking for the price, but the service from the housekeepers to the front desk staff is exceptionally friendlyand sincere. WE will come back!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llookki
<Content>very pleasant stay at Parc St. Charles I stayed at the Parc St. Charles 03/30/05 - 4/01/05Frankly I was very nervous going to this hotel due to the negative reviews posted here.I don't usually post my hotel experiences, however, I feel that some of the reviews here are totally unjust to this fine hotel.The hotel is very nice. My room was very nice and clean. It was freshly vaccumed and had fresh linen. The furniture was nice and the bed comfortable. The bathroom had all toiletries with plenty of towels.Melisa Kennedy ( the general manager) and her staff are very nice and will do anything to make their guests comfortable.The location is great,near all attractions, whether you're there for business or pleasure.All in all this is a very fine three star hotel.If I have to write something negative it will be that I didn't have a bathrobe in my room, but yet again ,I've never seen a three star hotel with bathrobes.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! I was worried after reading the reviews. But I emailed the manager, and she was so nice! In fact the whole staff was great!!! The rooms are clean, a little small. Of and the complaints about the windows..... they are almost finished retiniting! Grate Place!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever!       Ceiling falling apart in room  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Okay I would like to start out saying I booked a reservation and then read some bad comments on here and was VERY worried. We booked the Family Funtastic package. We were told if we got there early to check in and maybe we could get our room. Arrived at 1:00pm, we were told it was not ready and to come back at 3:00 pm. We put our car in valet parking and had them hold our luggage. We went and looked around town and came back at 4 p.m. just to give them some extra time. When we got to the front desk at 4 we were told ( along with many other people) it would be about 10 min. We waited an HOUR! My husband was getting aggravated at that point but was very nice and told them they had 30 minutes or we were leaving. He told them about coming at 1 and then told to come back at 3, ect. they did not even know we had been there or that our car was in vallet. Needless to say we were in a room in less than a minute. Although they did try to give us some one else's bag.The rooms were fine, especially for the price-- 79.00-- would have been mad if paid more. The bathroom had a starnge leak and we could not tell where it was coming from, we didn't feel like dealing with the incompetence at the front desk so we just used towels. At 1 am we were awakened by the ceiling dripping over the mini bar right onto my cell phone!! It only dripped a moment then stopped which was weird. The beds are also hard as a rock and the springs were shooting into our backs. So if you have a bad back be prepared to go home sore and tired.Oh yeah, and that Family Funtastic package I told you about, included a coupon pack and a toy for the kids. We were never given either, on the day we checked out we had to ask for the coupons! And let me tell you the kids were not given a toy nor was it mentioned. By this point we were like- the heck with these people.I could understand if we had gone on a weekend or Mardi Gras or even Jazz fest, but this was a Thursday when nothing was going on. We live in Louisiana and let me tell you, the people at the front desk are not good examples on how we treat people in our state!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot for Mardi Gras We visited Parc St Charles Hotel from England and stayed for a week, 5th to 12th February 2005. It was about the most reasonably priced hotel we could find in such a central location and proved fantastic for Mardi Gras. The St Charles Avenue parades (which seemed to be in the majority) passed right by the front door and residents had a space of their own by the front door to watch (the hotel issued wrist bands to residents for access). Because of this, we made good friendships with people from all over, who were staying at the hotel, which gave it a kind of community atmosphere. My room overlooked the street, so we could take a break but not miss out on the action, though it would have been nice if the windows were a bit cleaner!   Plus points were the location, good sized rooms (mine - room 301 - was particularly good with a double bed and lots of space) and friendly staff. The biggest downside was not much in the way of facilites. The Thai restaurant, attached, was sometimes open for breakfast, but not always and the bar opening hours were vague (though Mardi Gras did affect this, I suspect) so be prepared to go out for food etc. The fitness room disappeared over Mardi Gras and, when reopened, most of the machinery was pretty well useless. We too found the charge for a safe we did not use, at $2.95, a night was a bit hefty.  Overall, I doubt we would have enjoyed Mardi Gras more anywhere else, without paying a fortune, and this far outweighed anything else.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Complete waste of money!!! Stay somewhere else!! We arrived at 3:00, and we were told we could not check in until 4:30- they had just checked in the person in front of us in line. They tried to move us to another hotel, saying they had overbooked the hotel for the weekend. We refused and were told to wait an hour and a half for a room. Other guests were able to check-in so I inquired again and was told that I could have a room now. We had only one elevator that holds 2 people with their luggage for the entire hotel and the place was packed. They also had stands in front of the hotel for the parades but were told only people with tickets from TicketMaster could sit in them. There was not TicketMaster office nearby and the stands were nearly empty. On the day of our departure we were charged $28 for valet and the parking lot a block away was only $8. Save your hard earned money and stay somewhere else!!!   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run, don't walk,away from this hotel... My wife and I had reservaTIONS,allegedly,on 2/4/05 and 2/5/05. When we arrived, we were told that the hotel had overbooked and we did not have a room. This, after several calls were made to confirm the reservation. We were told that we would be transferred to another hotel,away from the parade route (Mardi Gras) and the Parc St Charles would pay for our first nights stay. The hotel was unwilling to do anything else for us and were less than helpful in the transition. We then arrived at a hotel where our shower and toilet were not working. Upon our arrival back home, I logged on to our online account to see that we had indeed been charged for both nights. To this point,8 calls have been made to hotel management and I have yet to speak with either of the managers. No calls have been returned. I have contacted Best Western corporate and they are allegedly looking into the situation. Oh,but if it ended there. Tonight I logged on to our account to find that we have been charged for a third nights stay! I have been charged over $850 in hotel stays from a hotel I have yet to spend a night in. Management is completely incompetent and unwilling to help. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sugar Bowl weekend stay was great! We checked in Dec 31, 2004 and checked out Jan 3, 2005. We had booked adjoining non-smoking rooms, but were told when checking in that only smoking rooms were available. That was quite disturbing but the front desk did offer an upgrade on our rooms; we were put on the 4th floor and the rooms were huge with king sized beds, and best of all didn't smell of smoke. The lock on the safe in our room was broken, but when we reported it to the front desk they didn't charge us for the safe.  My father's room was on the front of the hotel and it had a very good view of St. Charles Ave. Our room was across the hall and we had a very small narrow (but clear) window that overlooked Poydras Street. But hey, we didn't go all the way to New Orleans to sit and look out the window! Overall the staff, from the front desk to the housekeeping staff to the car valet guys were very nice, friendly, and helpful. When we needed our car, we called down and usually it was brought around within 20 minutes or less.  The location of the hotel is excellent and it was within walking distance of the Super Dome, the French Quarter, and best of all it was right on the St. Charles streetcar line.  Check-out was fast and there were no unexpected charges on our bill. Our family had a very enjoyable experience at this hotel. I realize that our upgraded rooms were probably three times as big as the regular rooms. However, we will definitely stay here again.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sureshot
<Content>The worst hotel I've ever stayed in Don't believe any of the positive reviews of this place. The negativereviews are right on. I travel for business year around, and I can'tremeber a worst hotel.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Pleasant Stay My wife and I just returned from our weekend stay at the Parc St. Charles in New Orleans. For the reasonable price, it was an all around pleasant stay. Location is great, making just about everything worth seeing in walking distance. Front desk very courteous and helpful (Nikki and another gentlman that I can't remember his name). Even had a pleasant conversation with the maintenance crew. If you are just staying over the weekend, I recommend finding your own parking near-by. We saved 18 bucks a day by finding our own parking (traffic tickets only given during the week). There were a few minor issues that certainly did not ruin our trip. The windows were difficult to see out of due to them being dirty, elevators a little slow, and being charged about 3 bucks per day for a safe we did not use. But again, these were petty things in comparison to the reasonable price and pleasant stay we had. I definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Do not stay at this hotel. We arrived at 3:45, and we were told we could not check in until 4- they had just checked in the person in front of us in line. The tiny lobby was filled with people and there was no room to move. They finally decided to go ahead and check us in. Once they pulled up our file, they tried to move us to another hotel, saying they had overbooked the hotel for the weekend. We refused and once they talked to the manager they let us in a room. We had to carry a weeks worth of luggage to the 7th floor all by ourselves. They only had one cart and bellman, along with one valet, and of course they were busy. Once we made it through the crowd of people with all our luggage, we made it to our room. It was ok. TINY, but nicely decorated. The next morning I took a shower, the drain was stopped up, by the time I was finished showering the water was up past my ankles. Our toilet never worked, what a pain for 4 people in the room. The day of our departure was also horrific. We were double charged for parking and they would not do anything about it. It took them an hour to get our car from valet. We talked to someone else also checking out and they had waited 6 hours for there car one day. Their car ended up being towed because no one told them they had their car ready. All of the people at the front desk are rude. The pool is a joke, it is indoors and the size of a hot tub. Please try and stay somewhere else! I heard many people at the hotel were going to write letters to their management and complain.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Essence My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel for the Essence Festival and had a great time. New Orleans was nonstop! The hotel was cool and the staff was very friendly, much different than New York. We liked our room and the housekeeper was very nice and gave us extra towels (4 girls). They have a great bar too! We'll definitely stay there again next year.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>airportlover
<Content>I think Convicts Live Better My stay here too was a memorable experience. This place is horrible! I hope you get a lot of sleep at home because you won't get it here. The beds are so hard you would be better off on the floor. And I must mention the iron fencing head board. The room reminded me of the cruise ship cabin from hell equipped with the 19 TV screen. There were dead bugs stuck to the ceiling in the hallway. The tub filled up to your ankles while you were showering and how could I forget the added bonus of the water covering the floor from the condensation of the shower due to the lack of vents in the bathroom. Please see all you can of the city while outside because once you enter the room, you will see no more. Yes everyone...the windows are PAINTED. Pick up all your snacks and drinks before entering the building since the 1 vending machine located on the 11th floor is old, dirty, and half empty. Once you get there you will discover that the soda machine is probably located on the floor you just left in the 1 of 2 emergency stairways. This high-rise shack is equipped with 2 elevated the can only hold 12. So I hope you have patience. You will have a better stay at the nearest Econo-Lodge. I have only one positive thing to say, I'm home now!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jtr571
<Content>Hated it! This hotel was terrible to say the least! The only positive thing about the hotel was the friendly and helpful staff. First of all, when we got checked in and went to our room the first thing we did was go to the window to see the view since we were on the 7th floor....when we get to the window we can't see anything because they were so dirty. They have not cleaned those windows in years!!!! We couldn't tell it was raining until we went downstairs to the lobby because they were so dirty!!! While taking a shower, the water filled up in the tub so fast, by the time i was done the water had reached my calves. And it took another 15 minutes to drain the water once i was finished in the shower. When we turned on the hall light in our room we looked at the ceiling and was thoroughly disgusted because dead bug parts were all over the ceiling....it was nasty to say the least. I was not pleased with the hotel and would not recommend anyone staying at this place.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I agree with the previous post, but... I agree with the previous post, but our friends stayed at a different hotel and didn't have to pay extra fees. Although they had problems that made them wish they had stayed at our hotel. I agree that the folks were very friendly and the place was clean. We also liked the location because it was close to everything, but the fees are not just New Orleans. We will stay there again unless I find a hotel as nice without the extra charges.   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved everything but the little fees We were very impressed with this hotel and the staff that we encountered. We had to wait to check-in until 3, but we knew it would be busy on a Saturday and they stored our bags while we explored the area. The desk girls were great and the housekeeper that cleaned our room was hilarious and did a great job. My husband liked being so close to the French Quarter without staying in the French Quarter. The only problem we had was the little mandatory fees they charge for their safes and internet (we didn't have a computer), but I guess that's just New Orleans. Great time, nice people, we really liked it!   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleRoamer
<Content>Don't ever stay here! How I wish I had read TripAdvisor before I booked! Not since Indonesia have I stayed in a hotel where I feared allowing my bare feet to touch the floor. Hygiene is only a rumor here. Desk  tabletop surfaces had dried (who knows what?) on them, as did radio and sink. It all cleaned off with water but made me wonder what I couldn't see. Booked a king bed, non-smoking room 5 months in advance and got a double bed smoking room. Housekeeping every day that I remembered to ask for it (towels, soap). For this I paid $239 per night + safe charge + phone charge + taxes. Don't EVER stay here!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveling_Lady_456
<Content>Good hotel...offended by mandatory safe charge Stayed there December 2003 based on reviews from this website.Worth the price. Good hotel, near the French Quarter. Within walking distance.Was offended when hit with daily safe charge of $2.50 at check out. Clerk pointed to little sign on desk that I apparently should have seen. I'd rather the hotel just increase their prices by $2.50 than this small time, nickel and dime stuff. Room was clean, hotel nice otherwise.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for is true for this place!   showReview(1711148, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, for the price   showReview(1660062, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Scam   showReview(1132847, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome location   showReview(1089219, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Clean and Friendly   showReview(994732, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location, friendly service   showReview(993619, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware: Parc St. Charles is Dirty    showReview(987160, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good and the Bad   showReview(982348, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location, price, quality....   showReview(919025, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice room, thats it.   showReview(752058, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Will nicht wisse was in den Teppichen alles drin steckt   showReview(14735599, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

