<Author>Condictio
<Content>Too many problems I was staying there for two nights while having some business appointments in Florence. To say the truth, I have never thought that you could be attacked by a bed bugs in a 4 star expensive hotel in the centre of western European country. This is what has happened to me. On the first night I was very tired and quickly went to bed. I was just falling asleep, when I felt terrible itching. After turning on the light I realized that a bed bug just bit me and had to spend the rest of the night and the second night with the light turn on. This was the first problem. The second problem was the air conditioning. I really tried hard to understand how this should work, but it was just impossible, because one switch was marked as cold in English and warm in Italian, whereas the second switch was marked as warm in English and cold in Italian. Even if one could understand how this is supposed to work, it wouldn't be helpful at all, because the AC literally does not work no matter what you do with these switches. The third problem was TV. The TV-set was in the room, but the picture quality was so terrible that it was in fact impossible to watch it. I didn' t check the pay tv for obvious reasons. The fourth problem were the electric sockets. They use the local type with 3 holes what is OK, because this is the type used in Italy, but they should have some plug adapters! I had my laptop and couldn't connect it as it has eurosocket. In every room there's a kind of guide about the hotel, form which you can learn that they have such adaptors and you can ask at the reception. This is not true. I went to the reception desk with my plug and asked a guy for the adapter. He showed me an enormous box full of adapters, but none of them was designed to fit their own sockets. So I wasn't able to use my laptop. The next problem is a lack of an internet connection. They inform on their website, that there is such a possibility in the hotel, what is also incorrect, cause there was no internet connection in the whole hotel. This is shocking - you pay 170 euro for one night and you get a room- with bed bugs- with broken AC- with sockets that are useless for most European and US plugs- with no internet.I've been to cheaper and cleaner hotels in Eastern Europe countries where no such problems have happened to me.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>soso56
<Content>nice terrace Friendly staff at the reception but definetely not in the breakfast room. Spectacular view on Florence from the terrace of room no 512. You will feel comfortable only if are not taller than 1,75m.The room is on two levels and the ceiling is at ca. 1,90m in most parts of the room.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>LWL3333
<Content>great location/faded elegance It's true that this hotel is somewhat frayed around the edges---faded elegance, I'd say. We stumbled into a half-price offer on what they call their Romantic Package, which included in the rate during our 4 night stay : a bottle of wine, a tray of appetizers (so much that we couldn't eat dinner that night), a plate of chocolates and a stuning arrangement of flowers. In addition, one night we received a 4 course dinner in the hotel's restaurant., which-- be warned--is not air conditioned. We were upgraded to a huge room on the top floor with unobstructed views over the red rooftops of the city, as well as the Campanile and the Duomo, and a large bathroom. The help was friendly and Emilio is as terrific as others have commented. The hotel was mostly empty when we were there and there was general consternation among the staff, that the low dollar was keeping Americans away, so as we found out, bargaining may lower the rate. Good location within walking distance of everything. Good mid-range restaurant right across the street, and many others within a 5 minute walk. I'd strongly recommend a 20 min. bus trip up to Fiasole's Roman ruins and neat little museum. If the English guide is on duty, he will give you a tour and fill you in on interesting details that help make the Roman era come alive.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>dilena1
<Content>Horrible experience We booked this Hotel through their site almost two months ago.We were two couples and a kid of 13. We booked two DELUXE rooms one double and one triple.This trip was a gift to us from the other couple as a honey moon, who notified this to the hotel and received a confirmation about special arrangement.We arrived on June 25 about 15.00 hrs. after 4hours drive from Milan with 38 degrees and awful humidity.1. They gave us the triple room (we have not any child we were on honeymoon) and gave the upgrade (deluxe room to suite) to the family. Our room was not only not Deluxe but not even standart, looking on the back facing common araeas of other buildings bac, with a small window, SMELLING AWFULLY, with very old and shabby furniture, on the A/C control vignette someone had written with pencil COOL where warm was and vie versa and nobody had correct it or clean the wall. Of course the A/C was not working,inside the room it should be about 40 degrees. We called the reception and the answer was that they had a small problem and they wer trying to fis it. I couldn't stay in the room , so we left for lunch.After 2hrs. and many times talks with my friends who stayed at the hotel, the situation was the same, so on our way back we were looking for another hotel to move, extrmely difficult thing because these days they had a very big exhibition or so.When we arrived the girl in the reception told us that they had this problem because it was very hot day in Florence ( I leave in Athens and we usually have over 35 on summer sometimes over 40 and everything works perfectly).Finally, after we spoiled our first day, the lady in the reception found a hotel for us in the same price PLAZA LUCCHESI , which was PERFECT (see relevant review)in everything .  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>om_mani_peme_hung
<Content>Our Favorite in Firenze!       view over the rooftops of Firenze  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>da2man
<Content>Emilio, the bartender, is GREAT! The rooms in this old palazzo are beaten and worn. The furniture looks like it was purchased at a bad garage sale. Plus, it's too expensive. Maybe that's why the hotel is suffering through a disasterous, horrible year. The real saving grace about the place is the man who operates and owns the bar concession. His name is Emilio and is the friendliest, most honest man in the city. Stop by for a glass of wine or a beer either in the lobby bar or on the 6th floor terrace...after dark...for a beautiful panorama of Florence. Tell Emilio that Super Michele sent you.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>female_wanderer
<Content>Terrible, don't pay money for this hotel Was booked here through a tour group. Don't blame them - the location is incredible, and this seems like a lovely old hotel in the very heart of Florence. Very midieval-type experience. However, they seem to constantly have air conditioning problems, and we unfortunately experienced that - no a/c at all for 3 days of pure hell while we slept in 95-degree weather in a pool of our own sweat. The beds were incredibly old and uncomfortable and broken down - my butt literally sank into the floor, until my husband and I switched positions and started sleeping perpendicular in our bed. We didn't have bed bugs, but we did get eaten alive by mosquitos after having to keep our windows open to keep from suffocating.The staff could have went out and bought $20 fans to help - but they wouldn't give anybody a fan even, and were mostly unsympathetic and made us feel like we were whiny Americans. I'm sorry, but when I pay that much for an air-conditioned room, I expect an air-conditioned room!Nice things about the hotel - the roof-top bar is AMAZING. You can sit up there and watch the sun set over the Duomo and the rest of Florence, it was almost enough to make up for it. Almost. But I certainly would never wish this place on my worst enemy, even for the incredible view. Go up to Michelangelo's piazza and get the view instead.Internet never worked here either, and the breakfast was just okay.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	2	1	

<Author>ksig1800
<Content>Great Stay We stayed at this hotel in June of 2008 as part of a tour booked through Monograms (Globus). The hotel was part of the 'premium' package. The lobby area of the hotel was very nice, a nice welcome to Florence. Also, they have an amazing roof bar. I read another review about the bar being closed....chance are the barman was on the roof....The bar tenders name is Amelio and is motto is never a problem! The location could not be beat. You are 2 blocks from the train station and only a few step from the Duomo and Piazza Republica and the other major sights of Florence. We walked all over the city with no problems. The rooms are only ok. They are about what we had come to expect in Italy. But they were clean and comfortable and a good place to crash after a day in Florence. The main part of the 4 stars I gave this hotel is based on the roof bar and the location. Also the restaurant across the street is very good.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MikeandBrady32908
<Content>Pass on this hotel Woke up with bites all over my body, the A/C died and was never fixed, the rooms are small and the staff is rude and unwilling to help. Bottom line, the place SUCKED!Good location though, that's about it.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Ocean27
<Content>Perfect stay in beautiful Florence My Mum and I stayed at the beautiful Astoria hotel in Florence for 5 days. I cannot recommend this hotel or the amazing city of Florence enough!!Beautiful hotel with very friendly and extremely helpful staff a 5 minute walk from the wonderful Dumo and the San Lorenzo market. Large and spacious room with lovely bathroom. The breakfast spread is fantastic with a lovely conversatory area to enjoy the lovely breads, fruits and cereals washed down with champagne!I also highly recommed the Best of Tuscany Tour if you want to see more of Tuscany. The tour takes you out to Siena, lunch at a Tuscan wine ranch and to the Leaning tower of Pisa. We also caught the Euro Star to Venice which is a brillant day trip to gorgeus Venice for 68 eurs return you can be there in 2 1/2 hours.A wonderful holiday that could not have been better!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>steo_dub
<Content>dont stay here this hotel is terrible - do not stay here under any circumstances.i had the mis fortune of staying here for 6 nights. 6 nights of hell. the air conditioning dosent work - moscitos in the rooms - bad mannered staff and the list continues........i dont normally rant but do not stay here.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>arthurh
<Content>Boscolo must have non investment policy - it shows in this hotel Having left a Boscolo hotel in Venice really disappointed (see my review Hotel Dei Dogi) we were hoping this would make up for it.We were booked for 4 days, we have cancelled two of those.I booked a suite (2 adults 2 kids) and a standard room, what I actually got was an attic room (very low headroom in the major part) with a small area for a coffee table and chairs (at the obvious expense at space for wardrobes) and a really very dingy standard room. The real consolation and the only reason for even staying 2 nights was that the suite has a terrace with an unbelievable view of the city. I am sure some Florence purists would stay in that room (512) only for that.But the hotel is just very tired and after my experience in venice i can only assume Boscolo have a non investment policy. Wallpaper hanging off, lifts that are so slow, general cleanliness not good etc etc, Its location is good and so far staff seem helpful. If arriving by car hotel has a tie in with a local parking garage (100m down rd), seriously expensive, but safe, secure and they arrive when asked which makes it easy.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>TripNavigator
<Content>Avoid Hotel Astoria if you can...it will not make for a good experience We stayed at this hotel a couple of nights during our Honeymoon and we were very disappointed. I had originally booked it through hotels.com before I discovered tripadvisor.com...unfortunately, I was unable to cancel my reservation after I read the reviews (first sign that it wasn't good if they lock you in). I tried to keep an open mind and thought that things may not be so bad....until we arrived at the room. The place was dirty - the carpets were worn out and filthy, the walls had dirty marks all over them, the linens looked shabby, etc. I was afraid to even walk barefoot or lay down on the bed in fear that something would crawl on me (after reading the bed bug stories). Also, we were disappointed that they did not include breakfast in the room rate despite the high price we paid for the room...all 3 other hotels we stayed at in Italy included breakfast as part of the rate. Although the location is convenient, I would highly recommend staying elsewhere as this place needs some major renovations and lacks any appeal.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>mycetes
<Content>Problems all over Electric switches in rooms you need a PhD in Electical Engineering to figure out how to use.Plumbing in rooms generally broken down.Central heating controls in rooms don't work.Breakfast very minimalist, not to international standards. No eggs, cooked breakfasts, choice limited. Coffee served from jugs one might use on a camping holiday.Bar was closed when we returned at 6pm on Sunday evening. Not what you would expect from a 4-star hotel. What does 4-star really mean anyway?  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>ArtyNorfolk
<Content>Disaster! An awful experience. Travelling with two daughters and Mother in Law, arrived to find they had messed up our booking and had no rooms for us. They said they would just move us to their sister hotel and pay for a taxi to take us. I asked them to show me on a map where it was and it was a long way away. The staff where very unhelpful, did not even ask us to take a seat after our long journey. They had no intention of giving us a refund either.I refused to go to the other hotel, as I had specifically booked this one in the centre, so that Mother in Law could walk around Florence. I had to make a fuss and ask to see the Manager, at this the staff started ringing another hotel in Piazza Santa Novella, we finally agreed to go there. Luckily the Grand Minerva was a much better hotel and the staff were fantastic giving us a choice of two twin rooms or a suite which we were shown before deciding. I will be telling my travel agent not to send anyone else to the Boscolo Astoria, but will be recommending the Grand Minerva.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>tyrrellandrew
<Content>Great Hotel, good location, excellent staff, champagne breakfasts Got moved here on arrival from the Majestic because their water was dirty in some rooms and they were having it fixed. At first I feared the worst but walking into the marble reception I knew the hotel was better. The hotel is about 250m from the train station on the main road round to the duomo and just up a little side street about 30m. The train station is where the buses and tourist buses run to so it is most people first port of call on arrival. No carrying your heavy bags across town.The area is safe, and there is a good selection of restaurants in the area to the north and east. It is about 5 minutes walk without baggage to the duomo via several different routes you can choose including the main road, the market, or side streets.The rooms were large and relatively modern, there were huge bathrooms, a safe with key code combination of your choosing (self-set on first use) and a mini fridge (although 5 Euros for a bottle of water). Only one English channel on TV but you're not here to watch TV anyway. full complimentary supplies in bathroom, shoe shine, sewing kit, soaps, shampoos, body ltions etc. The breakfast was sparse choice, but good food and thebest bit - champagne for breakfast (unless you prefer coffeee). Breakfast was buffet. The staff are multi-lingual and there is a free secure room for baggage after you check out which is guarded by a doorman.I have travelled all across Europe and the US and stayed in some good, bad and ugly hotels. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>M1967
<Content>Great Location Stayed a Saturday night at the Boscolo Hotel Astoria and found the location perfect for exploring the city. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from the main train station and a 5 mintute walk from the Duomo. In Florence's compact city center, most major attractions are within a 15-20 walk. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are in need of updating (stains on the carpets and walls) and as other posters have noted, are very hot. I had to sleep with the window open and it was 40 F outside...can't imgaine what it's like in warmer weather. Room was a good size and the bathroom spacious and very clean. In summary: great location, friendly staff, but I felt the price a bit high for the standard of the rooms.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>elaineBSurrey
<Content>Thsi Boscolo hotel a real disappointment Stayed at Boscolo hotel in Venice and was excellent. This hotel in Florence was a real disappointment. .The whole hotel is in need of decoration. The rooms were shabby and dull. The reception staff were not very helpful and their information was not always correct. They told us there were 3 trains an hour to Pisa but in fact there was only one train an hour. Would not stay here again or recommend to any of our friends to stay there. Felt booking through expedia caused us a disadvantage with regards to the rooms we were given.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Fenway7
<Content>Great hotel in a great location! The Astoria is a beautiful old hotel with lots of charm. The front desk staff was very helpful, although slightly limited with their English. The rooms were spacious with simple decor and artistic touches, the bathrooms were large and clean, and the building itself seemed well taken care of. I'm not sure where all these negative reviews come from! It's not the Ritz, but it's comfortable, clean, and well-situated, right down the street from the Medici chapels and the train station, and just a 5 minute walk to Il Duomo. Great restaurants right outside as well as a small supermarket. I wouldn't recommend eating in the hotel restaurant, especially with so many outstanding options just outside your door. Definitely check out the roof balcony if the weather's nice. Lounge/bar area a great place to meet with a group.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Travelling_for_joy
<Content>Being a part of history itself       The view from a room with a view  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Italyman
<Content>A Big Disappointment I also came to this hotel with an open mind. But I found that the price was outrageous for a single room, and they didn't even include breakfast, when you could have gotten a much better deal anywhere else in Florence. The service was slow, the rooms were small and hot (I have already mentioned way over-priced), and I could hear the plumbing of the neighboring rooms all night long. The staff did not seem all that friendly, either.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gdi1370
<Content>Dont Believe all whats written went with my wife with an open mind after reading comments, found hotel very clean, staff very friendly esp. bar staff who couldnt do enough for u, room was excellent stayed in 113, only 2 moans where breakfast was garbage, not enough selection  no staff to take order  biggest moan, our room was ver very hot and humid, i changed all stats to cold but nothing, told reception she sorted straight away, we went away for meal came back and cleaners had returned all to hot again. would stay again, very good food locally.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bigaghio
<Content>positive experience My sister booked 3 rooms through Expedia. I read the reviews and booked another hotel. Couldn't get out the expedia deal so we went there relunctantly. I was pleasantly surprised. We had had 3 good sized rooms on the 2nd floor. Nice bathroom with standard amenities. The front desk was extremely helpful. Allesandro booked our dinner reservations, car rental, museum times, and was full of information. They also have a computer desk in lobby for guest to log on for free. Old 4 star hotel with lots of charm. The only negative i could come up with is the carpet is a little worn in some areas. I would stay ther again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kristin_1902
<Content>Lovely hotel in perfect location       Terrace outside our window at Hotel Astoria  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>Donner2
<Content>Very Disappointed Been to Europe many times so I knew what to expect. But the price was outrageous and the quality was terrible. Mold on the mini bar items, bathroom that I could only move sideways in, old linens. Furniture that was worn - not antique. The great location did not make up for the disappointment. Filled with cruise patrons on their city excursions.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>crh436
<Content>Dump lacking sufficient AC The website designer for this hotel deserves a Webby. The website makes the hotel look like a palace, when, in reality, it is a dump. The hotel is nothing like what appears on its website. We were scared to take the elevator and our AC was not sufficient even on the lowest setting. We did ask for and receive a fan for the room. Everything in the hotel looks dirty. The hotel rooms are more like a pensione than a hotel. Actually, I would rather have stayed in a pensione because it would have been cleaner and more cared for. The bathrooms are big, but the only use I made of this space was to flood it every time I took a shower (there are no shower doors and no squeegees to move the water after a shower). This place was a major disappointment.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>mcgorr
<Content>First class dump. Faded and jaded a 4 star hotel it is NOT, it needs a complete make over. Anyone who has enjoyed staying here must never have stayed in a true 4 star hotel before. Clean it may be but with holes in the skirting we wondered what may come crawling out, furniture is batterered and the hole place has a creepy look which would make your flesh crawl. We hated returning to it at night. The rooftop terrace is kitted out cheaply and was equally disappointing, the restaurant is tacky and lacking in ambience. Location is good but we saw many true 4 star hotels in this city in equal or better locations. Staff was excellent, courteous and helpful, breakfast was limited in variety but great in quality. However nothing would ever persuade me to return to this DUMP. WE got it really cheap at 133euro per night, on their own website. We should have known, if you pay cheap it costs you dear. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I will certainly be more circumspect in my choice of hotel in future. I wonder about the positive reviews, they could not be either independent or frank.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InLondon
<Content>Worst Hotel in Florence - Italian FAULTY Towers!       Breakfast menu  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Astoria       Astoria Rude Front Desk Guy!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Disappointment I knew to expect small rooms, but the classic double for 4 nights was painfully tight for two. Breakfast was quite poor.... a small selection that was frequently depleted and slowly replenished. Our room was near the kitchen and one night we kept on hearing noise and banging from there after a special event. Three phone calls and a loud confrontation at the front desk finally got them to stop just after midnight! Overall, the hotel could use a serious renovation. Would definitely look for somewhere else next time!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Angel_Germany_14
<Content>Book a room at the upper floors (5 or 6)! Stayed at the hotel April 2006 (2 nights). It important to book a room at the upper floors (5 oder 6). We had room 511 with a great view all over Florence. At first, they gave us a very old, dark room in the 3rd floor - don麓t stay there! The carpet was stained and everything was run down. But main lobby is very nice, people are also very friendly. And the location is really great. Hotel is located in the middle of florence, walking distance to the great historic buildings and shopping areas. Garage: The hotel has no own garage. On the other side of the street is a garage , but you have to pay about 35 EUR per day for parking.I think the hotel needs a repair. At the moment the hotel has the typical Italien morbid charme. If you are not looking for a design/art hotel, but for a central Italien place for your stay in Florence, you are right here.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarylandSpringTravel
<Content>Superb Choice Stayed at the Astoria for 4 nights in April. Superb location, convenient to the train station and all major sights. Quiet rooms, old world elegance, generous breakfast choices. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weechick
<Content>Emilio the Legend! My partner and I booked a 3 night break staying at the Astoria with Hotelconnect[--]. We paid a very low price for a hotel which exceeded our expectations. Sited in an excellent location the hotel is a good base for exploring the city.Our room was lovely, nice decor, huge bed, air conditioning and kept spotlessly clean.There was a good choice at breakfast. One things the Italians know how to do is bake cake - and the cakes at breakfast time were fabulous - think I came home a few pounds heavier because of it though!In the bar waits the most friendly, attentive barman I have ever met. Emilio. This man is a legend. He does not know the meaning of moderation when it comes to pouring measures of alcohol. His cocktails are fabulous - but very potent. He was always willing to give information on the city and was in his element dealing with people and making sure everyone had a fantastic time. My partner and I asked about the rooftop terrace as we had seen it in brochures and wished to have a look at the view. Alas it was closed for the winter time. Sensing out disappointment, Emilio summoned another member of staff to open the terrace and take us up. What a view! Beautiful. If anyone reading this makes the trip. give him our regards! Tracy and Rodrigo.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to stay We have just had a wonderful 3 days in Florence and this hotel is just perfectly situated to visit all the sights and come back for a siesta in the afternoon!Our room was clean and very comfortable and the maid service very efficient. The hotel had an air of faded elegance which some how suggested another era...quite romantic really!The staff were extremely friendly and especially helpful when I had my purse stolen in the city (BEWARE)Breakfast buffet was included in our price deal and although what was on offer on each day seemed to differ there was plenty to choose from...fresh juice fruits, cereals ,different breads and sweet pastries along with cheeses and ham and a choice of coffees and teas.The evening meal in the hotel was overly expensive (especially the wine!) and we preferred eating out locally.This was a particularly quiet time of year and the hotel only had a few guests.. the up side of this time of year is that you dont have to queue to visit any of the sights!!!We would be happy to recomment this hotel to others.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great service, but the place needs major renovation Stayed at the hotel with my family in two rooms at the end of Dec. 05. Main lobby is nice but, when you get off the elevator what a change. Halls are run down, carpet was stained and the hallway wallpaper was falling off the walls. Plaster walls were cracked and in need of repair. The rooms were clean but very run down. One room did not have a functioning lock and for three days we tried to get it fixed with no luck. The bathroom ceiling had mold all over the skylight. The other room was not much better. Breakfeast was just ok. Did not give fresh O.J. They served powdered O.J. If you wanted fresh you had to pay more. It smelled like they were having a problem with their septic system.Great location, walking distance to everyhing.Great service from hotel staff. Very nice people.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected better Stayed with my wife and two teenage children for four nights. The hotel is well located and the renovated rooms were adequate in terms of size and amenities but I would not rate them 4 star. Some areas of the hotel need upgrading. We found the service variable, ranging from very helpful to down right rude and argumentative when we checked in having used a booking service instead of the hotel's direct system.We found the dining options expensive even for a chain and considering the plethora of great places to eat within walking distance, I would recommend dining out.If you can secure a special rate and spend most of your time out and about, then the location will compensate for the hotel's downsides. Otherwise I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Raven28
<Content>A roof with a view! We stayed here for four nights at the end of September. The hotel is very easy to find from either the bus or railway station. We had room 220  although the higher ones may have a view, you do pay for it  we were not really bothered by street noise. The public areas are georgous with high ceilings, frescos, the whole works. Make sure you find the roof terrace on the sixth floor, as the others say, the views are to die for. Our room was decorated very nicely, with watered silk on three walls,  a fresco painted on the bare wall above the bed. Speaking of which the bed must have been eight feet wide at least. The furniture was a little battered, but i got the impression this may have been deliberate, to add to the whole impression of faded elegance. The bathroom was quite large with a shower over a bath tub  a huge mirror over the basin. You are provided with bath robes  every night a mat  slippers are laid out by your bed. We stayed on a room only basis so i can not comment on the breakfast, but it was offered to us at the cost of 22 euros each per day, needless to say we did not accept  went to the local bars where i would say we paid about 10 euros each day. Make sure you visit the covered market just round the corner from St. Lorenzo, food heaven!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelngurl
<Content>Would stay again We stayed for 3 nights in this Boscolo hotel and were very pleased overall with the hotel. Yes, it could do with some updating but it was clean and rooms were large (compared to european standards). We had a very nice view of the Duomo from our room but had some problems with the window which we tried to tell the front desk about but they didn't seem to understand but offered to move us to another room. It was a comfortable room and the bathroom was alright. The internet access in the rooms was not working which the front desk confirmed when we asked about it. There's nothing out of the ordinary on the rooms but no major issues. The hotel had a happy hour in the lobby the night we arrived which was free food buffet and one cocktail. It was a very nice spread and we made an evening out of it as the lobby is quite large with the bar area and front rooms providing a lot of space. They also had a live 3 piece band playing jazz which was very good. Staff at the hotel was pleasant and accomodating. Emilio in the bar was very nice and a great source of information. The roof top bar has a wonderful view of the Duomo and Palazzo Vecchio at night and is well worth the time to take in. The only bad thing I can think of was the breakfast which was sorely lacking at this hotel as compared to the rest I've stayed at in europe. Don't expect much from this one. In all, I would stay here again as it is a good location, nice people, nice views.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Krissykrissy_UK
<Content>Bella Bosocolo ! Myself and my boyfriend stayed here for 4 nights in July good deals booked through lastminute. I cannot recomend this hotel enough. The location is excellent. We Flew into Pisa and caught a bus to the bus station, it's a 2 minute walk to the hotel.Request a high floor room as it tends to get very noisy at 5am (we requested the best STD - and it was but more than that) we had room 508 I think ?? last room as you walk from the elevator around the top floor. It's next to the cleaning cupboard so no disturbance from any neighbours. The room has a lovely terrace, with breath taking views and the bustling streets below. The rooms had robes and slippers to add a touch of comfort, the bathroom was huge ! YOU MUST VISIT THE ROOFBAR it has THE most excellent views, you can see everything from there it's the only rooftop view where you can see all the sites, Amilio the bar tender was so friendly he became our best friend - he'll make you the best cocktails and entertain you all evening - he'll close the bar whenever you leave. Definatly a must before you go out to eat in the evening. Note this restaurant down La Geostra (Carosel in English) it's a 10 minute stroll from the hotel. Visited by many famous people, it is gorgeous (the best restaurant Ive ever been to) it's run by a Austrian prince - food is plentiful and reasonable and extremly romantic ! Oooh I want to go back : )  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Option For the Price We recently stayed in the Astoria for 3 nights and found it to meet almost all of our needs perfectly.First of all, the hotel is perfectly situated between the train station and Duomo in the center of Florence, so its difficult to find a better location. If you travel to Florence by train you can literally walk to the hotel. It's also in a great spot for daytime excursions to museums or other sights.Secondly, the Astoria has a rooftop bar that is second to none. Surprisingly, few hotels in Florence have open rooftops with views. It was fantastic to sip wine up there while we watched the sunset each night. The bartender is also excellent, friendly and speaks good English. This is the best feature of this hotel.And finally, as compared to most Florence hotels, you can get incredible prices to stay at the Astoria. Many of these deals offer free breakfasts, and we even got a free dinner for 4 included in our package. I am surprised by some of the negative responses, which I believe overlook the great price and value of the hotel. While it is true the rooms are merely average, you cannot find better rooms for a better price in this location in Florence without spending at least an additional 100 Euro per night. I've traveled extensively in Italy and the rooms are by no means uncomfortable or dirty - they are just average. But truthfully, when in Florence most of your time is spent visiting sights or having drinks or dinner, so I'd rather have the good location, rooftop and price and settle for a merely average room. If you want a truly breathtaking room and new furnishings, prepare to open your wallet.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Slacker77
<Content>Stunning Rooftop Terrace Views Over Florence We stayed four nights at the Astoria during a weekend get away. The hotel is in an excellent location in Florence and within easy walking distance of all the main tourist attractions and the train station. The rooms were of a good standard for a city hotel and were clean with good bed linen and a bathroom with robes and slippers. The rooftop terrace bar is clearly the highlight of the hotel, with fantastic views across the city by day and night. The staff were all very friendly and knowledgeable. The only downside to the Astoria is the breakfasts. We ate there the first morning, but were very disappointed having to pay 20 Euros each for a very basic buffet breakfast and an extra 4 Euros for a pot of hot chocolate. We only did this because there was a brief downpour just as we were about to find somewhere outside the hotel. There are plenty of better places nearby which are much cheaper. Don't be tempted even if it is raining. It would have been cheaper for us to run to the shop on the corner, buy an umbrella and find somewhere else.We booked through Expedia and got a great rate, but have noticed that the rates do vary considerably (which is perhaps why some people reviewing it expected more for their money).  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for money but room for improvement We stayed two nights at the Astoria at the start and end of a family vacation in Tuscany. The hotel is in an excellent location in Florence and within easy walking distance of all the main tourist attractions. The rooms whilst basic were clean and of a reasonable standard but could be improved. The rooftop terrace bar is a real gem with fantastic views across the city. The staff are all friendly and knowledgeable the only downside to the Astoria is the breakfasts. We ate there the first night but was somewhat disappointed having to pay 15 Euros for a very basic buffet breakfast and an extra 5 Euros for a glass of fresh orange juice. There are better places nearby and much cheaper to get breakfast.If we were to go back to Florence we would stay at the Astoria again, with a little bit of TLC this hotel will more than justify its 4 star rating.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>love2travel02
<Content>We loved the Astoria We just returned from a two week trip to Italy. We stayed in Florence at the Astoria for two nights and wished that we could have stayed longer. The location was great and we were fortunate to have booked early enough to get a great rate and breakfast included with our room. I read the reviews posted early by people who have stayed there and was concerned that we would be disappointed. The rooms were a little tired and musty but the hotel overall was lovely and we found the staff very friendly. The rooftop bar was a great way to finish the evening with a beautiful view of the city.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ErinPhoenix_AZ
<Content>Loved Florence, Loved the location of Astoria My husband and I stayed at Astoria for 3 nights in early July. Wish we could have stayed longer! Although the staff was not as helpful as other, smaller hotels we stayed at in Italy - we loved the location of the hotel. It was honestly a quick, 5 minute walk to the train station (yet you are not in sight of it by any means!). We walked everywhere in Florence, and found this to be a great spot. The only major site of interest that took us more than 10 minutes to walk was the Oltrarno neighborhood. And even that was not more than 15 minutes. The front desk staff did suggest a wonderful restaurant - Buca Mario - we had some excellent Florentine steak there - one of the best meals of our trip. There is not a complimentary breakfast here, or at least our room did not include one - but it really was not a big deal. We just grabbed pastries/fruit from all the local bakery-type shops. For the hotel itself, the lobby area and rooftop bar were amazing. Especially the rooftop bar - Emilio was an excellent bartender! And the views were fabulous! Lobby area was very nice, and we were pleased to see 2 computers free to use. I do agree that the rooms are a little old, but as far as we were concerned, that did not matter. Florence is too beautiful to get hung up on something like that. One thing I have to recommend is to do a winery tour of the Chianti area while there - we went through Tuscan Trails and had the most fabulous time!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MerryTravels
<Content>Great location, but needs an update My husband and I spent one night at this hotel before flying out early the next morning. For what we needed this hotel served its purpose--it was close to the train station, which we wanted since we were arriving by train, we didn't need breakfast since we were leaving so early, we were able to book one night only (through Expedia) despite the fact that it was a weekend, and the front desk was manned 24 hours so they were able to check us out when we left and they got us a cab.The hotel could use some freshening up, and I agree that it's not four-star quality. However, the location can't be beat and some of the views are amazing.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>profruth
<Content>Also disappointed I too was very disappointed with the quality of the hotel. The hotel is dark and needs a major renovation. The room size was ok, but, the bathrooom was certainly not of the what I would expect in a 4-star hotel. The staff was pleasant and helpful, but I would not stay here again. I think you can get better value for your money.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Wrighto
<Content>Dissapointed Just returned from a weekend in Florence, and booked this 4star hotel, we were bitterly disappointed, we were expecting a good hotel, the reception was great, but thats were it stopped, the rooms were dark, dismal, we only had a small window, near the ceiling, bathrooms were small, dark, we booked breakfast in the hotel at 15euro each, it was very overpriced, would certainly not recommend to friends, and wouldn't go back to this hotel. Very expensive.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gils13
<Content>Below avarage hotel, No free breakfast, horrible beds. Although the location is in the central area, that is probably the only positive point. After the day of walking around the city we were shocked by the uncomforted beds. The mattresses were sagged. We asked to change a room, but in the other room we had the same problem. Normally, hotels in Europe include breakfast without specifically telling about it. Here they told us upon arrival that our reservation didn't include breakfast and asked 15 EUR per person, from which we opted out. You can have a light breakfast in the local cafes for 10 EUR per couple. Although they try to pretend to be a First Class Hotel, it is a far cry from it. Everything requires a major renovation. The hotel is used and abused.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience We stayed here on our last night in Italy and I wished I would have stayed here the first three days of our trip rather than where we did. A great Italian feel to the hotel, staff was very helpful and while I had a bit of a run in with the restaurant manager the morning we left, the front desk handled it exceptionally well(and I should say it was probably my fault). We had a fifth floor room, I think it was 505, corner room with a large walk out deck which overlooked the city and had a magnificent view of the Duomo. Fantastic little trattoria right across the street from the entrance and for the wives/girlfriends right next to the trattoria is a small shop with a wonderful owner who makes jewelery,etc. Great expereince and would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluepm1212
<Content>Didn't Care for Hotel Astoria My husband  I stayed at this hotel on the last night of a 2-week Paris/Italy vacation. We had spent 3 days in Florence at the beginning of the trip at the Montebello Splendid which was great; however, used the Astoria on the night before we departed Italy due to location to the train station, etc.The building needs a major cleaning and freshening up. The elevators were appalling with fabric walls where the fabric wall covering looked unkempt and the trim was falling off. The wood throughout the facility was dinged, scratched and in desparate need of touching up. In the elevator there was a swastika (sp) scratched out in the wood which looked as though it had been there for awhile. Broken ceiling mirror in the hallway near our room. Extremely uncomfortable beds. We had requested a deluxe room with view which turned out to be a normal room with view - not indicative of the website. Dinner was OK but very overpriced. Would definitely NOT recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>vancouver22
<Content>excellent stay We stayed at the Astoria Hotel at the end of April. We booked the hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.We loved the hotel and its location. We got a very good rate through Expedia and were given a small but beautifully renovated room with a view of the courtyard. It was a peaceful oasis in the middle of a busy city.It was nice to have an in room safe.In celebration of my mother's birthday they sent chocolates and a picture of Florence. That was a lovely touch.The rooftop bar was still closed, but one of the bellman showed us the area one night and it was very lovely.I would very much recommend this hotel. Most of the staff was very nice and helpful!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the Astoria on a recent trip to Florence to visit our daughter, studying there for the semester. Our nine night stay was delightful. The rooms were large, high ceilinged, with comfortable beds and large bathrooms. We had booked two double rooms, then after two days inquired about changing one double to a triple. We were told it would be an additional 50 Euros per night, but it turned out they had no triples available so they put us in a junior suite for no additional charge. Would definately stay there again. Only drawback was no breakfast included as we had assumed.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tec10
<Content>A First Class Hotel Although a bit expensive, this first class hotel has most of the amenities you expect from a typical US hotel. There is a large bar, restaurant and lobby and the staff is amicable and willing to help. The location is superb, a five minute walk from the train, one minute walk to the market for lots of cheap shopping, a five minute walk to the Duomo and a ten minute walk to the Uffizi and Accademia. The rooms were large, with high ceilings, but a bit old. They were primarily dark wood and the lighting was bad, so that made the rooms seem a bit unkept. The turn down service and folding of our clothes was a nice touch, as were the free slippers. There was a fee for the internet in the room, so that was disappointing. To echo others, the bartenders were overly gracious, but the coffee at breakfast was awful...every day. We didn't eat at the restaurant because they were asking 18 Euro (24 USD) for a bowl of soup. The location was the best part, as were the free cookies and sandwiches set out each day. For the price, you may be able to do better, but probably not much.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What could be better? I just had to chime in with the rest of the happy customers that stayed at the Astoria. The staff was incredibly helpful. They even managed to book us an Uffizzi tour at the last minute on Good Friday. Our room was clean and quaint and we were able to have connecting rooms with our traveling friends. We were able to get a great rate through their web site, 119 euro a night during Easter week.After a long day on your feet there's nothing like being greeted with smiles from the front desk and heading to the comfortable and spacious bar/lounge and Emilio, the bartender. He is charming and even the college aged kids with us would agree!Okay, what could be better? The blowdryer in our room (an old model from 1975?) and the speed of the internet connection (we gave up), but then that is hardly enough to keep me from raving about the Astoria! We'll be back if we are fortunate enough to return to Florence!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very comfortable The Boscolo Hotel Astoria was a great place to stay in Florence. The location was unbeatable and our room was a good size, clean, with a view of the Duomo. The staff was pleasant, especially the older bartender. We didn't eat any meals at the hotel so I can't recommend the restaurant. It is an easy walk to and from the train station. Don't pay a cab unless you have a lot of luggage. Remember to make reservations for the Uffizi and the Accademia before you leave on your trip. We waited in line at the Uffizi for 4 hours!!! All in all, we were very happy with our stay and would recommend it to fellow travelers.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal, very nice hotel My wife and I stayed for three nights in April 2005 at a rate of about $160 euro/night. This was very favorable compared to the other rates we found online.Our stay was nothing but positive. Though not overly large, the well- appointed room featured a comfortable king bed and a commanding view of the Duomo. All of the public rooms are goregous in this former Renaissance palazzo. Courteous, accomodating staff, especially in the charming bar area.The location is outstanding, with all of Florence attractions within a 10 minute walk. What's not to like?  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Hotel, Great Location! We have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Hotel Astoria, Florence and would definitely recommend it. The welcome and the staff were fabulous, and the room was good. Yes it could have done with a fresh coat of paint, but it was clean and very comfortable.It is in a great location for exploring Florence, and the staff were more than helpful. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shutter_Bug
<Content>Excellent room at a a great price! This hotel was in a very good location (walking distance to the train station and most major attractions) and was an incredible value (pre-season internet deal). The standard double was very large room, even by American standards and the bathroom was enormous. The tub was long enough for me to stretch out and was greatly appreciated after so much walking and climbing the Duomo stairs. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Chocolates, pastries and fresh fruit on arrival were a very nice touch. We did not eat at the hotel because the prices were very high. However there were some very good bakeries and restaurants nearby. We'll be coming back here soon.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfecto! Great hotel in the perfect part of Florence. Would do nothing but recommend.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MichelleBarlow
<Content>Very pleased with hotel Booked Astoria reading reviews on Trip Advisor, very pleased with Hotel. Hotel is positioned brilliantly in Florence and able to walk to all places of interest. The only moan was we had a free evening meal but all the good dishes you had to pay a supplement which was quite a lot but you don't have to eat at the hotel. Well worth a trip.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CRM,Scotland
<Content>A Room with a View Just back from spending four nights in Florence at the wonderful Astoria Hotel. We had a spacious junior suite, which was on two levels (three steps down from the bedroom to the living room area). As well as our queen sized bed there was plenty of room for a single bed for our daughter. Bathroom had a jacuzzi and lovely terracotta coloured marble tiles.Our room (Room 512) on the 6th floor had a magnificent view of the Duomo, Palazzo Vecchio, San Lorenzo Church and surrounding area from its large private terrace balcony. We sat outside there at the chairs and table and watched the sunrise and sunset, you could see to the hills beyond Florence. You could see the Duomo and its tower while lying in bed.We found the hotel staff to be very helpful, courteous and responsive.The public areas were beautifully decorated and furnished, the stained glass ceiling in the reception, and painted ceilings in the breafast room restaurant were beautiful. The carved marble staircase and function rooms which we looked around were magnificent. The inner courtyard which rises to six floors in height and is topped by a delightful stained glass roof is just perfect, although l wish there had been some chairs to sit on and relax in there.The food in the hotel restaurant was excellent, if rather expensive, this was probably why the restaurant was so quiet when we were there, service in the restaurant was very good. Breakfast was very good. (There are many good, and less expensive restaurants close to the hotel). The hotel is just a short walk from the Duomo, Mercato Centrale (food market), shops, train station and approx 10 mins. from the Uffizi Gallery and Ponte Vecchio.We very much enjoyed our first trip to Florence and hope to stay at the Astoria again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd Pass Next Time Stayed here for one night in April 2005. Here are my thoughts:Room was not as reserved and had to get rather pushy to get the room that would meet our family's needs. (We had requested connecting rooms and verified request and availability 3 times.) I got lots of sorrys but it wasn't until I kept pushing that they finally moved us to an available suite.The rooms were clean but dark.Internet use in rooms impossibly slow.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Havlat
<Content>Not bad Our stay at the Astoria was pleasant. The hotel for the most part was a nice place to stay although it could use some touch ups here and there. The staff was very accomodating, although they couldn't get us reservations at any galleries we want to go to. The breakfast was below par. The location of the hotel is great. Close to the bus and train station and close to all of the sites. The value was alright.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly service I made the mistake of driving into Florence last weekend. Map from hotel website virtually useless for finding the hotel, but that is common. Once there, hotel staff very friendly and recommended a local garage which kept car (BMW 320i convertible, brand new) securely for 鈧?2 per 24 hours.Very friendly staff - who even helped translating when phoning an Italian friend-of-a-friend who speaks no English. Fantastic location, easy to walk from train station, and close to Duomo, Ponte Vecchio, etc.Firm mattress and crisp cotton sheets in room made for a great sleep, and room included a safe. Only criticism was that light bulbs used in lighting fixtures were a bit too strong/bright. And at breakfast, only the cold buffet (fruit, cereal, bread, meat, cheese) free - charging 鈧? for a boiled egg is a bit much!I would definitely return if I got a similar good deal to this weekend, which was 鈧?19 per night including breakfast and taxes.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gwillis
<Content>One of the best deals in Florence The Bernini Hotel and The Astoria are my favorite in Florence.The Astoria is in the wonderful XVI century Palazzo Gaddi.The rooms we stayed in were confortable perhaps not so large but with nice furniture and good service.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raquellorraine
<Content>My favorite Firenze hotel I can write nothing but positive comments about the Boscolo Astoria. It is, without a question, the most affordable first-class hotel in Florence, which is already an incredibly expensive city. I have stayed at the Astoria for 110  150 Euro/night, and it's a value for the gorgeous facilities, wonderful bathrooms, and attentive staff. The hotel is in a central location, just around the corner from a main street that leads to the Duomo and other central tourist sites within minutes. I live in NYC and my fiance is in Florence, so I return frequently, and this is the ONLY hotel in Florence that I can honestly recommend without hesitations... as long as you get it at the right price. If you are going in a high season, and are going to pay 300 euro/night, go instead to a real luxury hotel. This place is wonderful if and only if you can get a deal on it - I couldn't stand paying more than 150 euro a night. But if you don't mind, regardless of the money, you won't be disappointed at this hotel, compared to other hotels in Florence centre.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tmorron
<Content>Absolutley Wonderful My husband and I stayed at the Astoria from November 21-24, 2004. This hotel was the best one during our ten-day tour of Italy. By far the nicest and most accommodating hotel we ever stayed in. We weren鈥檛 sure where the hotel was so decided to take a cab from the train station. Do not do that, what a rip off. The hotel is in such a great location that the train station is literally right around the corner. Upon arriving, there was a very pleasant woman at the front desk who helped us check in. She gave us the key and up we went on the lift. Yes, there is actually a lift in this hotel. We were in room 511 and it was excellent. The biggest room we stayed in. Granted, it is an old hotel and things do need to be upgraded, but isn鈥檛 that why you鈥檙e in Italy, to see all the old buildings and monuments. We had a panoramic view of the city. It was absolutely beautiful at night. And you can do everything right from the TV in your room, view your bill, watch the newest releases (in English) almost anything your heart desires. I even was able to get my closed cleaned and ironed. They booked a tour for us and even made dinner reservations for us. We did have dinner one night in the hotels restaurant, a bit pricey but very well worth it. The food is excellent. Could never have been better!The bar is their crown jewel. Emilio!!!! He is the greatest. Every night we walked in there he鈥檇 have a bottle of Chianti out for us and play Dino. We hung out with him every night. We talked, drank, sang and talked, drank and sang. We closed the bar down with him every night. There are not enough good things to say about Emilio. He made our 3 night stay in Florence unforgettable. We absolutely fell in love with him and the hotel. Emilio is one of those kinds of guys that you only find in very special hotels. What an experience. If you are planning to travel to Florence with out a doubt, stay here. It鈥檚 so centrally located, you can walk anywhere in the city. We never once needed a map or a taxi. The Boscolo Astoria is the best and we can鈥檛 thank them enough for their kind and efficient accommodations, location, room and of course Emilio. A must stay. It鈥檒l change your whole trip and make it the most unforgettable and fantastic part of your trip. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HKlimes
<Content>Good choice We just returned from staying 3 nights in this hotel. I got a rate of $130/night through Priceline, so I really wasn't sure what to expect. The location is great -- close to the Duomo, close to the Mercato San Lorenzo, good restaurants nearby, etc. The soundproofing in our 5th floor room was very good. Our view looked down onto one of the major shopping streets and our room had a very small balcony you could walk out onto. The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful. The room was a bit small, but not oppressively so. The bathroom was fine, although the European shower doors do take some effort to avoid soaking the floors. The furniture was a bit nicked up, but not seriously so. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were made to feel like royalty at this lovely hotel!! My husband and I stayed at the Astoria Sep't.19th, 2004 for 3 nights. Upon our arrival, we found our room ,beautiful as it was, to have a wall that was wet, obviously from the plumbing from the floor above. We bought it to the attention of the hotel staff at the reception desk. We went to put our car in the garage next door and were told that a new room would be ready for us when we got back. To our utter surprise, we were given a gorgeous suite (with 2 floors) at no added cost and for the duration of our stay!!! It seemed that there were no available rooms in our price range and the manager wanted us to be truly satisfied with our accomodations. Well, he certainly achieved his goal!! The reception desk personnel were always very willing to show us how to navigate around with maps and were always very courteous. The hotel is centrally located so that walking to major tourist sites is not an ordeal. It has a very aristocratic appearance and has an old world charm . It is an established hotel of the Boscolo hotel chain-which explains its charm, hospitality, beautiful decor and cleanliness. We were truly pampered there . We encourage anyone going to Florence to stay at the Astoria. You won't regret it!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel in a Great Location We just returned from spending two nights in Florence. The Astoria is in a wonderful location, just minutes from all the attractions (i.e., the train station, San Lorenzo market, the Duomo, and a 10 min. walk to the Ponte Vecchio.) We loved the beautiful roof top bar. The views are breathtaking!! We had a Jr. Suite that was quite spacious. The only complaint is that the room could use a paint job and the wallpaper needs some tlc. The reception and service were decent. However, we liked the breakfast. We thought the food quality was pretty good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Florence.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathieann
<Content>Lovely Hotel but........ My husband and just returned from spending a week in Florence. The Astoria is in a wonderful location, just minutes from the train station, San Lorenzo market, the Duomo, and a 10 min. walk to the Ponte Vecchio. The lobby is very impressive with a large sitting area and a very relaxing bar/lounge ( however, it was not open in the evenings during our stay). The beautiful roof top bar is open at night til the wee hours of the morning. The views are breathtaking!! Our room was a Jr. Suite( a 2 story unit with a living room downstairs and a winding staircase leading to an upstairs bedroom.) The BR upstairs was spacious and modern. One unusual aspect of the room was that there were no closets upstairs- you kept your clothes downstairs. Quite getting used to! Breakfast consisted of cereals, fruits, juices , meats, cheeses, breads and muffins. Everyone at the hotel was very helpful. The hotel was in need of a few repairs, however. The rugs were very dirty and the walls could use a paint job or the wallpaper repaired.......All in all it was a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful This was a wonderful place to stay. The hotel is very clean. The room was fabulous. We were on the top floor with a view of the Duomo and cathedral. You even get real linen sheets on the bed. The hotel staff made our stay very pleasant. They were polite, courteous, and extremely helpful. Especially, Pasqualy. The hotel is in a great location for shopping, close to the Duomo, restaraunts and a five minute walk to the train station. Ask about Il Latina, a definate must do dinner. I am ready to go back! We would definately stay at this hotel again. The only problem we ran across was that the hotel has internet service, but is extremely slow and we could not get our lap top connected. There are web cafes that you can go to and pay to use their computers.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Astoria. The staff was friendly, helpful and professional. The room was spacious, clean and quiet. The location is superb - within walking distance from the train station (while this may seem like an odd 'plus', trust me when I say that you don't want to have to pay for a cab in Florence...). The Astoria is within 4 minutes walk from the Duomo, outdoor market, bus station (in case you want to go to Siena - which you should) and half of Florence's cafes/restaurants. On a side note, I never know what to think of an online review - no personal feeling, conflicting stories, etc... I'll just say this: my wife and I (27 and 28) will stay at the Astoria every time we return to Florence (which is hopefully a lot). We also plan to stay at other Boscolo Hotels in other cities, based on our experience at the Astoria.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBinBelmontMA
<Content>Typical for an old tourist trap We stayed here in July, during the high tourist season. The hotel is impressive when you enter the lobby, with gorgeous marble and wood, paintings, and fresh flowers. The rooms and hallways, however, are a bit shabby. The carpets smelled musty, and our mattress (actually matresses since the king size bed was two twins pushed together) sagged like a summer camp cot. Maid service only tends the rooms once a day, which doesn't feel like enough when the July heat wilts you and you need at least two showers a day. Many Americans will find their incredibly narrow tubs disconcerting. Their rooftop bar is exceptional, with the best views of the city. We didn't try their breakfast because our special rate didn't include it, so watch out when booking.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Room, Great Service We visited July 2004 - The room was aa great size, so was the marble bathroom. The staff was excellent, they made all of our reservations and arrangments. The roomdecor could use updating but all in all it was agood experience.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chicago_Traveler78
<Content>Definitely not 4 Stars My husband and I stayed at the Boscolo Astoria from May 9-11 while touring Northern Italy on our honeymoon. This hotel is supposed to be 4 1/2 stars and expensive, but we were able to get a too-good-to-be-true deal through expedia. The hotel is old and has a charming lobby, but it is very outdated. Our room was downright shabby. While our bedsheets were clean, the carpets were tearing and the walls were covered with stains. The A/C wasn't working properly and we were having a terrible mosquito problem -- we were killing 5-10 mosquitos in our room everyday, and they attacked my husband every night in the middle of his sleep! When we complained to concierge, they barely apologized and didn't make any effort to make us more comfortable. I would certainly not stay at this hotel again, unless it is purchased by Starwood or Marriot. One nice little surprise: international calls made to the US aren't that expensive!  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Astoria! My husband and I have lived in many states and cities in the U.S. including San Francisco, Ca. We just returned on 5/11/.04. The Astoria was fabulous as it felt like we were staying in a Palace.....and that is exactly what is was....a Palace. It was hard to leave it to venture out it was so nice. We asked for and received a quiet room in the back. The bathroom was all marble and the room was very large and just beautiful. The carpets in the entire hotel appeared new and everything was amazingly clean. The staff was wonderful! It was a geat place to say and we will absolutely stay here again! The location is excellent as it is a very short walk to the Duomo and street shopping. Prices in this area on everything seened fairly reasonable. Prices in the Ponte Vecchio area by the Arno River were more expensive than Venice and we were surprised by that.   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hmmmmm.... Just stayed there for 3 nights over the Easter break. We were expecting a deluxe room, and having had to reject 3 previous offerings, we took the 4th, a small room on the 1st floor. Not a good start!!! The rooms are pretty basic and do not have any of the basics that one would expect in a 4* hotel, no DND sign, no shower screen, no Bible (odd for a Catholic country), on line billing does not work, our A/C was set to warm not cool the room etc. Generally clean and frankly the room is for sleeping in and it was good for that, excellent pillows. Sound proofing is very poor...Turning to the staff and other amenities, these were top notch. Make sure Emilio is the barman who makes your drinks, the restaurant is good and they staff polite. Front desk is very helpful and the lack of conceirge was odd, though not missed. Breakfast is better than most European offerings, but I do love the standard English fry-up.To sum-up I wouldn't stay again unless it is revamped, but will definitely pop in for a many drinks served by Emilio.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but room for improvement Pleasant enough. Room and bathroom were large and very quiet. Slightly dated but very clean. The shower screen was basically useless in that after every shower the floor was completely wet. Very slippery! Staff were average. Not rude but not overly friendly. Breakfast room beautiful and food pleasant enough. 1 ift not working during our visit which meant we got a very good work out every day climbing to the top floor. Not a bad stay, but possible could do better. Savoy and Sofitel look nice! The Boscolo Hotel in Rome is exceptional however!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad, Not Great Hmmm, This is a toughie because there were really good things about this hotel, and then things that weren't so great. Neat old building. Very nice staff. No concierge at the time we were there (Feb 24-28, 2004), but staff bent over backwards to accomodate. Originally slated for a second floor room, but all we did was ask for a room on the 5th floor, and we did receive. BAM!! View of the duomo. There are neat things to see in Florence, but all of the smoking and exhaust was getting to me after spending four days in Rome. (Florence was full of exhaust, not Rome.) This hotel is very close to the train station, a plus in my book. Since the building is old, the bathroom was realllllly tiny, and because of the lame shower glass the floor gets pretty wet. Europeans must know the secret of keeping the water in the shower...I don't get it. The food in the restaurant was excellent. The service was great the first time we ate there, and then terrrrrrible the next. I guess if we had stayed here before we stayed in Rome, this review would be different. It was the overall feel of the place that was just so-so. I would not call this a 4 star, but maybe it's just me. The Boscolo Hotel in Rome is FABULOUS!! Try that one.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but not great... The Astoria Boscolo was a decent - not great 4 star hotel. The lobby  entrance are attractive and the desk staff was pleasant. Our room was huge and the breakfast room (maintaining the original Palazzo decor) was beautiful (the highlight of the hotel). However the room furnishings looked threadbare and in need of updating and the bathroom was small and very dark. The hallways are dark and unattractive as well. The location is across the street from the train station but as you would expect - not the nicest part of the city. All in all I would stay here again if the price was right.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic First Experience of Florence! My husband and I enjoyed our first nights in Italy during our honeymoon based out of the Boscolo Hotel Astoria. The staff was very helpful; the location could not have been better; the rooftop bar an abslolute MUST - best bartender in the world!; and the room perfect - clean, air conditoned, as well as spacious; plus great dining room ambiance and meals. We would go back!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnFR
<Content>Fantastic Just returned from a marvellous 5 nights in Florence. The hotel Boscvolo Astoria is a real gem. A 16th century Palazzio that retains its charm and provides comfortable amenities at great value. The comfortable bedrooms are furnished very much in keeping with their environemnet. Silk wallpaper, fresco above the bed and concealed bathroom. Staff were all very friendly and efficient you felt they wanted you there!! The buffet breakfast was very good indeed when italy is not renowned in this area. Many excellent restaurants nearby and very close to everything you would want to see in Florence. 4 nights for the price of 3 on expedia made it a very good deal.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay in Forence I enjoyed staying at this hotel. We got a great room (actually the one pictured on the ad). It had a lovely balcony, which over looked the Duomo. The decor was elegant and very Euro. Our room included breakfest in a charming 18th Century room with very high ceilings and quaint murals. Be sure to ask when checking in or making your reservation if breakfest is included. They tried to charge me for the breakfest on check out. The bar/sitting area was nice for some quite secluded moments. The hotel is walking distance from the train station and all the sites. The only down side was that the staff was creepy with a suspicious eye kept on you at all times. They never smiled and like I stated earlier tried to overcharge us in the end. Would I stay here again, yes definately, but I would check in and ignore the front desk my entire stay.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UserLondon_England
<Content>Very Little Style  Stayed here on the third leg of our honeymoon to Italy. After arriving at the marble reception and being warmly greeted by the smartly dressed staff we were hugely dissapointed with our room. It was Dark, grubby, small and had a rather unpleasant smell. We were moved twice but unfortunatley there wasn't much improvement. If you can avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant Hotel, excellent position, but some minor flaws We stayed here in late September 2003, and would recommend it for position, and its effortless elegance and style. A five minute walk from the Duomo and various excellent side-street restaurants make it a very strong choice. That said, those minor flaws: as in other hotels, rooms vary in quality from tired and jaded to newly refurbished with Tuscan pain effects - so negotiate for the better ones. Breakfast was mediocre with catering being run by an outside conmtractor! Be prepared to part with $25 a day for parking as well. But overall the setting- especially the roof-top bar terrace - gave this a very strong rating.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is hotel is average at best... After reading the reviews on this website, my wife and I were expecting a lot more.As other reviewers mention, the location is convenient and the roof-top bar is a nice place to taken in the sights of florence at night but our room was a big disappointment.Perhaps a better room is luck of the draw. We seemed to be in a part of the hotel that was not part of the original building. Also, we heard other guests complaining about their room so the feeling was not limited to us.We considered moving to a Sofitel a block or so away but we were concerned about not getting a refund.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Highly recommend! Great, great place! The hotel is a lovely building and the rooftop patio is the perfect place to relax with a glass of wine and gawk at the Duomo. The breakfast was wonderful and the little courtyard was cool and welcoming in the heat of the summer. It was HOT in Florence at the end of July and the AC was not working at US standards, but the very friendly staff brought us a fan (just ask!) and made the entire experience one we'd do again. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent in every respect   showReview(1260577, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, very nice   showReview(1162514, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular but expensive   showReview(1154110, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dark and Average   showReview(1150759, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbods
<Content>Unbelievable Experience   showReview(1142741, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phenn
<Content>Wonderful hotel   showReview(1134648, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Place is Great   showReview(1077002, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff!   showReview(1072048, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Dunelmian
<Content>Elegant, relaxed and welcoming   showReview(911684, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find in Florence!   showReview(705973, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 tr猫s vite pour de nouvelles aventures...   showReview(19631646, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>andreaska
<Content>Buon 4 stelle in centro a Firenze   showReview(17863928, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>d茅cevant   showReview(18537370, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>damanNapoli
<Content>Credevamo fossero seri ... ma ....   showReview(15053739, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(15571139, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GOYITA
<Content>Ideal para una estancia en Florencia   showReview(14158736, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel h么tel   showReview(13200116, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>cg猫r mais correct   showReview(11454211, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour. L'h么tel a un...   showReview(11412062, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Primo soggiorno nell'albergo...   showReview(11412063, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>solo apparenza   showReview(11365390, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JuliannTrotter
<Content>Bel Hotel, mais quelques surprise   showReview(5498906, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Permettez-moi d'ecrire en...   showReview(12650223, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

