<Author>Traveldanse
<Content>Enjoyed the Fairmont Olympic I booked a sport event special price and let them know I was celebrating my birthday with this trip. Staff/Service was outstanding. They remembered my birthday and honored all requests. Room service was overpriced, but again the service was outstanding and the food was excellent. Room was comfortable, a little on the plain side, but roomy and amply and elegantly furnished. Lobby was beautiful, but entrances were confusing. Airport shuttle bus pickup spot was moved from the Fairmont to several blocks away and had to haul my suitcase through the snow. (Unusual storm for the area really wreaked havoc.) Missed the first bus as it did not stop where the concierge told me it would stop. I blame that on the shuttle company, but then a 5 diamond might offer airport shuttle...and the concierge was very hard to reach in the morning. Short staffed due to storm? Toilet seat on crooked. Overall I had a very nice birthday stay and for a similar price, would stay there again. Very good downtown location and great amenities. I enjoyed the atmosphere and appreciate their reaching out to several types of guests.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>advcardio
<Content>Historical hotel with old world flair, top notch staff. We booked with Fairmont website as they advertised the rate of $150.00 US per night, which for this grand old hotel was a very good rate over the Thanksgiving weekend.Even though the main entrance is located on the street level you need to take either the escalator or elevator up to the check in lobby/desk. Check in was quick and accurate. My special request to have a small extra fridge and a inroom coffee maker was honoured without charge, a hotel perk. Check out was just as easy with no surprise charges or special fees on the bill.Parking is not within the hotel but across the street behind the hotel or you can have valet parking for 32.00 per night. **TIP** Street parking is free in the evening as we parked our car right in front of the hotel for 2 nights.The room offered plenty of space and light. You can open your window (1 foot) to get some fresh air. Fairmont hotels offer green choices including a recycle waste basket. The only downside to our stay was the beds which were old, soft and saggy and the old clunky television. The washrooms were well appointed with an excellent showerhead power. The towels were in good quality and soft as were the robes and slippers.The gym is an oasis with cozy change rooms and lockers. They offer a large jacuzzi but a small pool with a lane open for lap swimming. The pool was quiet at night with a glass roof and the low lights made for a relaxing swim. The gym has 2 areas one for weights and the other for aerobics equipment (bike, treadmills etc) The bikes and treadmills had individual tv's and 2 staff members available all times. The stars of this hotel should be noted, the top notch proffesional staff and EVERY single time we had a conversation with them (reservation, room service, front desk, housekeeping, gym and others) they smiled and said Would there be anything else we can do for you? The staff are well trained in guest services.The hotel is located in the hub of downtown Seattle in a safe area to walk around. Many nooks and crannies to explore in this architecture delight. If the rate is right we would return but would like to see them replace the beds and tv.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RooRoo8
<Content>Fabulous Hotel!!! I stayed at the Fairmont Olympic in late September 2008 for work and I am now a customer for life. My room was spacious, beautifully decorated and spotless, exactly what I expect from the Fairmont. The turndown service every night was a plus. I used the gym every morning at 5:15 (it opens at 5) and they have a nice selection of machines - I really liked having my own tv and headphones on the treadmill. There were quite a few of us staying at the hotel and I never once had to wait for an elevator. The Fairmont catered many of our functions and the food was fantastic. The staff was gracious and always glad to see me. Great location as well, easy to walk to pretty much anything. I was really sad to leave!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MalcolmSuperstar
<Content>OMG this place needs to be updated in their rooms i booked the night before Friday October 11th 2008 after 6:20pm pacific time on Hotels.caI've used Hotels.ca lots for Florida and always got lucky with last minute lowest rates.we got it for $239 canadian taxes included. We were coming from Vancouver Canada by car.The Valet service is the best, its true what they say about these guys. The whole experience per say with service was unbeleiveable. This staff is teh best i've come across. If it wasn't for the suites and rooms needing a total new uplift, i would have gien this hotel a 6 Star rating.We were upgraded from a executive suite to a Deluxe Executive suite. Holy S***!, huge room with a living room and big bathroom. This place is extremely clean. Probably the cleanest hotel and its rooms that i have ever saw.The problem is the furniture is so old, something you would see maybe at a second hand antique store or Sally ann store, but in good shape. Saddly the carpets had slight ripple and was not in style.. I found everything to be in the 80's style with the furniture being early 70's. The bath tub is the lowest i have saw.. Really , its so low don't expect a deep soaker tub which i would have expected from this hotel. The toilet was so low to the ground, i needed a handle which wasn;t provided. I'am in my late 30's , great shape and found an inconvenience. I feel really bad the decor is mostly suited for those over 70 years old but lack handicap accessories found in European and Canadian Hotels.Yes you do get CBC from Canada on the old 26 inch panasonic tv, but the picture quality is less than digital with fuzz snow in every channel.The hide-a-bed in the sofa had a sink in the middle. Our teenagers complain of this. Our king size Mattress was so stiff, i kept twisting and turning all night. Everything felt and smelled clean. But the bed, the curtains(GOD UGLY), old tv sets, toilet, bathtub, carpets, french doors, thermostat all need to be modernized and improved to a high standard.The door knobs where worn off from the brass, the french doors had no glass, just see thru curtains from the seating room to the bedroom.as to the noise, I was on the 10th floor. I could hear all the traffic outside and someone yelling on the street. Its true , there is no view anywhere in this building. You are surrounded by newly built highrises way taller than 12 stories..lolas to distance to the shopping district and Pike Market where they throw the salmon. You are really close but far away from teh crowds. about a 15 minute walk. I was thinking before booking Fairmount Olympic Hotel to book the Sheraton. But the Sheraton and Westin in Florida really suck and over price for the dumps they own! BUt seeing the Sheraton, I would definitely book the Sheraton. It looks newer, beautifully decorated, really what a new hotel should look like and lots of stagette parties. Convenently located to everything and priced moderately. next time, it will be the Sheraton or the Pan Pacific.by the way valet parking in Seattle is $30 , at the Fairmount its $35. beleive it or not , its much cheaper to the the valet than using the public pay parking where they charge you $11 for a 90 minutes parking.Also everything is Seattle is overpriced to any other big city. It has no real good restaurants and all are over-rated and overpriced. But We did enjoy the TapHouse. Seattle is the most unfriendly City and a dunGY ugly city. I take cruises every year or Royal carribean and Princess and travel to many huge metropolitan cities. Seattle is the bottom of the list for restaurants and thinsg to do.IF your on a budget but still want a nice place, but don't want to pay a fortune but still stay close to Seattle. I would recommend anything in Everett washington that is close to Seattle. a few minutes on the I-5 interstate. Honestly!if you like my post.. please score me.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	1	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>VIVA_WORLD
<Content>Excellent! Wedding Bliss鈥?My good friend got married in June. The reception and overnight guests were booked at the Arctic Club, a new hotel in Seattle. The Arctic Club was not ready to open in time for the reception so they moved us all to the Fairmount. What a treat!! The building was just beautiful, and well maintained. The rooms were small suites with a nice sitting area with a couch, 2 chairs, desk/chair (with a recycle bin, only in Seattle), TV, large closet and dresser. A separate bedroom was equipped with a king size bed, TV, and bathroom. We got to use terrycloth robes, and slippers, and expensive toiletries. I loved the lobby lounge, where we were able to sip on cocktails, munch on appetizers, and listen to the pianist tap out perfect tunes to make you feel like you鈥檝e stepped back in time. I have never had the opportunity to stay in such a historical hotel, and would definitely do it again.One last thing I would like to point out. The lobby was beautifully decorated with large bouquets of live flowers, one huge one in the middle. Unfortunately, I am severely allergic to Tiger Lily鈥檚 (one of my favorite flowers) and the huge bouquet in the middle of the room was filled with them. As I was waiting to check-in my throat began to swell. I was 4th in line to check-in, and knew that would be too long, so I snuck around to the VIP check-in (separate area) and explained my situation to the gentlemen who was happy to assist me there and quickly checked me into my room. What Service!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PortiaD
<Content>Why would anyone stay anywhere else????       The Georgian restaurant  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelRevue
<Content>Nice Choice in Seattle       Room View  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Misha22
<Content>Honeymoon Night Splurge We live in Seattle and booked the Fairmont Olympic for our honeymoon night. We booked a King Suite as we wanted enough space for our wedding party to hang out and get ready prior to our ceremony. We called the hotel directly to book and were given a modest AAA discounted rate as members. Upon booking, we advised we were staying for our wedding night and would like an early check-in if possible. The person who booked our room was very polite and professional. He noted that we were booking the only 5-star rated hotel in the Seattle area.Check-in was okay. The person behind the counter was a little robotic with the Welcome to the Fairmont script and there was no acknowledgment that we were there for our wedding, which I guess we sort-of expected given the fanciness of the hotel and having given this information upon booking. We were given an early check-in without any hassle however.Our room was spacious with a bedroom and separate living area that had a couch, chair and coffee table. The decor is okay. It keeps with the old style of the hotel but we were expecting some more modern touches such as a flat-screen TV vs. the old one in the room (not that we watched any TV on our wedding night - just an observation!). The bathroom sink and faucets could be a bit nicer. The bed was comfy but not as good as some of the beds at nicer Hiltons where we've stayed in the past. The shower was very nice.The hotel did deliver a plate of chocolate-covered strawberries with a 'Congratulations' acknowledgment of our marriage. The valet parking also left us cookies  milk when we departed in the morning. Both were nice touches. After taxes and valet parking charges, we paid a little over $400 for our night's stay. In all, our stay was nice but we did not feel overly pampered or treated like royalty which, at $400/night, one might expect to a small degree.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Mood
<Content>Great Upscale Hotel We had a great stay at this upscale hotel. We stayed for a wedding held in the hotel and the staff was extremely attentive. The room was clean and the wonderful comfortable bedding made the stay excellent. We ordered room service the night we arrived and it was promptly served and was delicious. The hotel is in a good location and the area is pleasant to walk to many of the sites. We were happy with our stay and would recommend it if anyone needs to stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mohicans
<Content>Nice to see how the other half lives :-) We are not Fairmont sort of people - we tend to fit in at the Comfort Inn  Suites - however we did decide to splurge for our last two nights in Seattle and stay at the Fairmont Olympic - and it was really lovely. The valet parking was efficient and friendly - those guys outside are the hotel's best ambassadors! The check in was efficient - and although the elevators are quite small as another person mentioned, they were really, really fast so our waits were not so bad.We had 3 meals in the Georgian - 2 breakfasts and 1 dinner.For breakfast - we would recommend the Banana  Strawberry French Toast - forget about the calories and order it - its an amazing dish. The dinner we had was probably the most elegant of any we have had - ever -- and we can't say how it would compare to other spendy restaurants, but we did enjoy it - and were made to feel very comfortable in their dining room.We had a suite on the 7th floor - no view, but when you look out the window you see hundreds of other rooms without a view, so you are not alone. The room was nicely decorated, spacey - especially the bathroom - and truly comfortable.Thanks to this hotel for having CBC available on their TV - we got to stay in touch with the Olympics while there, and didn't miss anything! The pool and fitness area is divine - and if we return, we will spend far more time there. We found Seattle to be a great shopping city - and within walking distance are some great shops - Coach, Nordstroms etc. We left our mark there too :-)My only niggle was room service - it wasn't so good. I ordered fish  chips and expected it to be the best fish  chips ever. It wasn't. It tasted like any old room service dish from any old Sheraton or Holiday Inn - and cost twice as much. For us, this was a treat - now we go back to our middle class lives and enjoy our memories. We'd love to do this again - and maybe we will someday!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MisstheDogs
<Content>A Bit Disappointed The Fairmont is a beautiful, older (but modernized) hotel in a prime Seattle location. The hotel is walking distance from most city sights, including the waterfront, aquarium, shopping, Market and many more. The lobby is old-style, large and comfortable, with oriental rugs, lots of wood, etc. Check-in was quick. Getting to the room -- not so quick. The hotel has four, quite small and quite slow elevators, one or more of which was almost always out of order in the two days we stayed there. Thus, at peak times such as mornings and dinner-time, there was a 5-10 minute wait. And, when the elevator finally did arrive, it was filled, because it only holds 5-6 people, without luggage. With luggage, it's crowded with 3.Our room was disappointing. Knowing that older hotels have a hodgepodge of rooms, many of which are smaller than modern hotels, I didn't expect much. Still the room was VERY small with no view. Queen bed. Only one chair -- thus, one of us had to sit on the bed to watch the very small TV. Of course, because the chair and bed were directly opposite (and the room was too small to move the chair next to the bed), we both could not watch TV at the same time w/o craning our necks. There was almost no place on the floor to put our suitcases and we ended up tripping over them.Room decor was ok -- not memorable -- and bed was comfortable. The A/C worked well and I believe there was a mini-bar (didn't use it). However, the room was so small that we didn't want to do anything there but sleep.The bathroom, by contrast, was a good size with lots of marble and nice amenities. Rooms were very well-insulated and there is an in-room safe. Wakeup call was timely and staff was very friendly. The concierge desk was well-manned and provided excellent suggestions.We tried the hotel restaurant for breakfast. The food was good and served fairly promptly. Cost was about what you'd expect for a high-end hotel. Workout room was modern and there was plenty of staff to assist.Overall, the stay was ok but, if coming again, for the same price I'd stay down the street at the Hotel Monaco or just try another hotel in the city.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zeppgirl
<Content>From a family with a toddler We just came back from one night here while stopping through Seattle. The price wasn't too bad with the AAA rate of $312/night, though for that price I have high expectations. First arriving, we were greeted by the valet attendants and these guys were all very friendly/helpful. They get 5 stars from me!!We didn't have to wait in line to check in, which was nice. However, the one negative for me was that they said our luggage would be right up and we were supposed to have a crib in our room since it was noted with our reservation and I called a week before to comfirm. The crib wasn't there so I called downstairs and they brought it up. The crib ended up looking very nice and we also got some baby toiletries with it. After waiting for our luggage 20 minutes, I called again and it was brought to our room. This normally isn't a big deal but we did have to wait for it for going out. The room we were in on the fifth floor, 534 did look out with the pool right below us, so if possible, request something away from there.It had a suite with a tv, bedroom, large closet area and bathroom. Everything looked beautiful in marble, the hotel is beautiful too and fancy and is centrally located for the pike's place market (several blocks away walking). If you want to get to the seattle center you will have to take another mode of transportation, as it's too far to walk, but there is a bus stop and monorail stop a few blocks from the hotel.There is also a benihanna's on the next block, which I recommend. Our toddler loved it(:  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>akn64
<Content>Excellent Service This is a beautiful hotel with service you will not find elsewhere. My personal favorite is the way the bellmen welcome you back every time you leave and return to the hotel. It's such a nice gesture to say welcome back and always put a smile on my face. The Concierge was extremely helpful with restaurant suggestions and handling the reservations. The room we had was a Deluxe King and I thought it was plenty big with a nice bathroom (although I would have preferred to have had a separate shower and bath instead of a bath/shower combination). The cleaning women cleaned the room very well each day and there is turndown service each night. Also each night they leave a card with the next day's weather forecast (which I found very helpful in planning the next day's wardrobe selection). In the morning, there is a newspaper delivered. There are no views from this hotel, but what you're paying for is the service. I would recommend the hotel to those who enjoy high quality service.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dentgal
<Content>5 Stars I just arrived home from 5 days at the fairmont olympic hotel in seattle and i would have been content to move in their permanently! i was fortunate to be booked in on a convention rate ($250 per night--and they didn't have the basic room for 5 nights so for $25 more i had a suite!).....that is $25 well spent!! i had a huge king sized bed and a separate living room with sofa, 2 overstuffed pillows to rest my head after a day of shopping, a desk, chair and 2 tvs.....there is a separate dressing area and the bathroom was nice with 2 robes to use.....the hotel is first class all the way....the staff cannot do enough for you!! i had requested a coffee maker, which for some reason the fairmont does not provide.....when i checked in, there was no coffee maker in the room, so i phoned the front desk.....the head of catering told me that he would get one for me, even if he had to buy it himself.....sure enough, within 1/2 hour they brought me a coffee maker on a silver platter with all the acoutrements!! i was very impressed.....the doormen greet you when you leave the premises and when you return--a nice touch!! coffee and tea is served in the lobby in the early morning.....the carpet is starting to look a bit dated in the halls, but that would be my only complaint--and a small price to pay for a marvellous hotel.......i can't wait to stay on the gold floor on the fairmont in boston--where i am going in 1 week!!by the way, seattle is a great city for shopping! it is small--all of the shops are within a 2 block radius--macy's, nordstroms, brooks brothers, coach, yves st laurent, etc. etc.! heaven for this visitor from canada!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kitty55
<Content>Beautiful building, excellent service       exterior  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>_de_last_one
<Content>Good Stay ...       living area  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>shanesmom1647
<Content>A little bit disappointed Got an excellent deal thru Expedia on this hotel. Arrival: confusion, bellhop spoke broken english, they asked if we wanted them to take all our bags up to our room, it was confusing and awkward so we just did it ourselves. They didn't help us getting luggage loaded onto the carts. I think they should just do it, not ask! We had a lot of stuff. Check-in: smooth. No problems. Our room was near the health club though on the 2nd floor and there was a strong odor of chlorine. We asked to be moved immediately. Had to wait about 20 minutes for someone to show up and take us to the 4th floor. Our new room had view of the harbor (partial view). Room: Our AC didn't work properly. 1st night miserable. They offered to move us but they had someone try to fix it the 2nd day and it was a little better but still warm. We decided not to move. We had a nice king bed, very comfy, nice linens. Rug in the room and hallways needs replaced but we still went barefoot (it wasn't THAT bad!). Nice marble floors in bathroom, nice shower, granite countertops, nice magnifier mirror on the wall, a nice amenity! tip: bring your own shampoo  conditioner and soap. The hotel supplied products are pretty bad (cheap). ELEVATORS! Wow. Hope they have been repaired since we were there. The wait to go down took forever. We ended up using stairs most the time. Overall appearance the hotel is beautiful, lobby is beautiful, friendly staff. I thought complimentary coffee would be nice for the guests. There is no coffeemaker in the room. There is a nice coffee/espresso shop on the street level. They have fabulous looking sweets. Cappuccinos are delicious. Just wish we had coffee in the room. Room was quiet, no noise from neighbors, hall, just occasional street noise but we had our window open because the AC broke and we shut it off and opened the window.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>MommieMia
<Content>elegance and impeccable service!! I was a little worried having read some reviews before staying here. The hotel has some worn items, but the service and care of its staff more than compensated for any worn carpet I saw. My in-laws and I stayed here on the night of July 4th. We arrived around 9:30AM from our cruise ship and they let us check in at that very moment, no added fees. My mother-in-law and I took High Tea at the Georgian. It was excellent and we were not rushed, but were encouraged to linger. Upon check-in, we were given a little bag of toys (very cheap made in China), but a nice thought and a card to order complimentary cookies and milk from room service for our 2 year-old. Both rooms were huge!! Ours was so large, and allowed plenty of room for our portable crib. The draperies were a little dated, but lovely as they were trimmed with bullion fringe.We learned from an employee that the Georgian Room is about to be renovated-a shame, I liked the green upholstery. Everything is very elegantly decorated, but the bath faucets and fixtures show their age.The hotel was lovely, one of the finest that I have ever stayed in while in a large city. Some things are worn, but I am sure that renovations are soon to follow. Never once did I see anything dirty or grimy, everything was neat and clean in our room. My overall opinion of the Fairmont is a high opinion of a classic hotel that knows customer service and care. Try not to be in a rush, be nice to the staff (anywhere you go), even if it takes a little more time. Many of the Fairmont鈥檚 staff are international and are sincere about guests' concerns. I would jump at the chance to stay at the Fairmont again and am blessed to have gotten such a great room at such a great rate for this trip.TEA at the Georgian RoomOur waiter suggested I try the 1907 Fairmont blend tea-a wise decision. He was very nice and helpful. His name was Quoc (Asian guy). Another waiter was Alvis (Eastern European?) Both were humorous and answered any questions we had about the hotel or food, all-the-while remaining very professional. One could tell they enjoyed their work. The decor of the 2 chandeliers (8 feet high each), green furniture and creamy walls was soothing. It is not the fanciest hotel that I have taken tea in before, but the food was superb and again the wait staffs made it seem grander than the Palm Court Tea experience that I had in San Fran. The Wait staff was horribly snobbish there!At many other high teas I have had, the chef brings in certain finished pastries, etc. The waiters explained that the only items not made on the premises are bread and crackers. All pastries are made there and also supplied to their little patisserie.The food was great, but the service by our two waiters as mentioned above was probably the best service I have ever had in North America and Europe!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nappieb
<Content>Significant deterioration... I stayed in this hotel many times back in the days when it was the Four Seasons Olympic. My spouse and I recently had the misfortune to stay there again under its new (Fairmont) sponsorship.We arrived around 10 pm only to find that the room we had booked through American Express (and gauranteed for late arrival!) had been given away to a guest who had arrived earlier. The desk clerk DOWNGRADED us at the same price we had paid for the superior room that he had given away earlier!We complained to American Express who apparently caused a stink with the asst. manager who grudgingly offered to move us to our original room the next day with a $30 credit for the night we arrived.We declined the asst, manager's offer because we didn't want to stay around to monitor our luggage during the move and we were staying for only 36 hours anyway. We took the credit instead for 2 nights. At our age and after all we've been through, we weren't keen to stay in a below-par room, credit or no credit, but there was nothing we could do without destroying our leisure time the next day!Apart from the bad check-in experience, contacting room service was difficult with many minutes spent on hold. Some more experienced staff would be in order... and fewer shyster practices!I've been traveling on business for over 40 years and so I know that hotels routinely give away their best rooms (even the GAURANTEED ONES!!!) if it appears that the guest may be a no-show. Knowing that we would be a late arrival, I deliberately chose the Fairmont based on my earlier experiences from when this hotel was under the Four Seasons banner.I'll never stay at the Fairmont again!! If we had want to subject ourselves to the shoddiest practices of the lodging industry we would have stayed at a cut price motel. At least they smile when they're ripping you off!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>dforce
<Content>Elegance at its finest       The hotel lobby  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cbabeej
<Content>Stunningly Gorgeous! We've lived in the Seattle area all our lives and this hotel is an original classic I've always wanted to stay at. We finally splurged and spent a night here and it was perfect in every way! This is an old hotel but immaculent  pristine! The lobby area is gorgeous, with incredible, winding staircases to an upper loggia surrounding the lobby. The restaurant is gorgeous...the room was gorgeous and impeccably clean. The bed and linens were to die for! The service was outstanding. The location is perfect for getting anywhere around downtown. We travel constantly, and stay in Seattle an average of once every two weeks, so as an experienced traveler I can honestly say this hotel is perfection in all ways (well, unless you're looking for affordable :)We were actually in town to visit my father-in-law in the hospital, so we didn't really get to spend much time enjoying the hotel, but will get back to do so ASAP. I can't recommend the Fairmont Olympic enough!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>berkwilliam
<Content>A great stay! We had a wonderful stay at the Fairmont. The location and service are second to none. You are within walking distance to Pike's Place Market and many other great attractions in Seattle. The concierge staff can not do enough for you. The beautiful lobby is a great place to have a cocktail before heading out to dinner. The hotel restaurant, Shucker's, has excellent seafood, although it is pricey, it was wonderful.One of the best features is the health club and georgeous indoor pool.I did not find any of the issues other reviewers mentioned. Everything was just about perfect. But realize that you are not heading to a five-star Vegas property such as the Bellagio, or to a newer boutique hotel. You are taking a step back in time to a classic - a well-maintained and classically elegant hotel from a different era. With the right expectations in mind, you won't be disappointed.There is so much to see and do in Seattle and the Fairmont was a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingManSpokane
<Content>A little rough around a few edges My family and I stayed in two connecting rooms on the 8th floor for two nights. One of the toilets didn't work and it took several calls to the maintenance department to get somebody to fix it. In the other room, one of the air conditioning vents made a loud whistling sound that never seemed to go away. (We wound up covering it with a pillow to block out the noise.) Some of the upholstery and drapes looked a little old and out of date. Having said that, our stay here was a pretty positive experience. The doormen's hospitality is legendary and has been noted here by a previous reviewer. For a Fairmont, the lobby is a little plain but it was certainly nice. We hired a car and driver through the concierge and that worked flawlessly. Several things that really stood out: all of the hotel staff are super friendly and very polite. They remember your name and refer to you personally, which is a very nice touch. Also, when you have room service delivered you don't have to go through the motions of signing the check. It's folded in an envelope on the room service tray. The workout area is first class. I think every machine had a TV screen. The pool though, was way too shallow. If you're going to offer a lap pool, make it deeper than 3 feet! The hot tub was nice but a few more jets would have made it better. We invited a guest for Sunday brunch and wound up being seated at a table for five stuffed in a corner right next to the door where the waiters kept coming and going through. The Georgian room is a spectacular restaurant visually and we would have preferred being in the middle of it instead of being stuck off in a corner. The restaurant manager comped us some fruit trays the next morning after we complained. But other than a few wrinkles, our stay was pleasant and pleasurable. If you stay here, remember to bring your wallet because it's expensive. But after all, it is a luxury hotel in the middle of downtown Seattle.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YVR_guestservices
<Content>Exceptional comfort and warm service We booked in for a one-night stay at the Olympic after I had minor surgery in Seattle.Full disclosure here- I work in a hotel myself (not a Fairmont), so I am inclined to be forgiving of little things that go wrong; and we are low-maintenance travellers anyway so our needs are quite basic.That said, we greatly enjoyed every minute of our stay at the Olympic. Danny, the doorman went way, way out of his way to welcome us. I mean literally went out of his way - he walked me all the way to the escalators leading up to the lobby. From Adam on the front desk, we received a gracious welcome and keys to room 1007.This suite doesn't have what most people would consider a view, but given the very good rate we received, and knowing that you can't have stunning views in 100% of your rooms, I loved it. It's a long rectangle with three windows on the long side, so the late-afternoon light was beautiful. Boom - I'm sold right there. But I actually liked the view out over the rooftops into the city, especially the modern pre-fab house on exhibit on the roof of the building across the street.Two comfy armchairs, two side chairs, king bed, vast bathroom.Robert, the houseman, arrived shortly after we entered with our requested pillows - enough for our little dog to build herself a fine little nest while we were out. Speaking of which, they brought silver dishes on a silver tray with a linen cover for her to eat from.Since I couldn't really go out after my operation, we decided to order in from room service and enjoy a movie. I'm maybe the only person on the planet who doesn't really like room service; I like eating at a table with other people to watch, and room service food, it seems, is never at the right temperature. But that night we had the best room-service meal ever - a beautiful piece of salmon, buttermilk-fried chicken with biscuits, all of it piping hot. It was easily as good as a restaurant meal, with the added perk of getting to eat in a comfy hotel bathrobe and slippers.The bed was gorgeously comfortable with sparklingly-clean linens and a thick duvet. We decided to get an early start back in the morning and were pleased when the remote check-out service via TV presented an accurate, up-to-date folio and was easy to use.When we arrived at the arcade level to retrieve our car from valet parking, we found it waiting, doors and trunk open, with a bag containing milk and cookies for the trip home - nice touch. The doorman on duty, They(sp?) also brought some chilled bottled water. Given that the door/bell staff are both the first and the last contact with the hotel that guests will have, they have a lot of power to create a favourable impression and it's quite obvious that John, They and their team take that responsibility very seriously. We truly felt like highly-valued repeat guests whom they knew well, and they couldn't have been more helpful.Between the room, the food, and the kind service, we absolutely felt we got the perfect Fairmont experience from this stay. We certainly will go back.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TRUTravel
<Content>Five Diamond Property Image Fell Apart I had extremely high hopes of this Landmark hotel and its reputed five diamond statusbut unfortunatelyAll of the 5 diamond image fell apart in a 24 hrs: Some of the main problems that we had were:- the room was very dusty. Under the cooling unit, you could see layers of dust-the bathroom phone was so dirty you could see it from a distance-the tap/faucet was leaking - our registration/payment was done through our conference agent and was never received.-The room was VERY small- If we asked for anything it look HOURS to arrive- I asked for slippers and they arrived the next day and after 4 phone calls- Restaurant in town recommended by Concierge was a bad oneGood Stuff:-Friendly staff-Nice House Car-Excellent location and lobby-Amazing fitness centre  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LML4400
<Content>Great overall experience The rooms are fabulous...very Fairmont great beds, big bathrooms and large sleeping rooms.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	2	5	5	

<Author>falk-wulf
<Content>Perfect Perfect and very consistent 5 star experience. Particularly the staff performed without any glitches. You have to like the classical ambiente though.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbold
<Content>Dissapointed at the Olympic I will have to admit, this hotel is well over rated, especially for the price. I am quite surprised every one reviews it as if its as fancy as staying in one of the Las Vegas 4 or 5 star hotels or better.In Las Vegas, this hotel would be considered a 3 star.The lobby is one of the least fancy i have ever seen in any fairmont property, (and i have stayed at at least a dozen of them.)I will give credit to the fact there was one lady at the concierge was very very kind, it was surreal.There on the other hand, was a male concierge , who ignored me as he flirted with a woman who was in town asking where the hip clubs would be, he must have stood there talking to her for 15 minutes , not even looking at me, or telling me he would be right with me in a moment,, nothing.I never did get the help that i needed.Next off, there is no place to buy any snacks, well there is a gift shop in the lower level which has about 2 flavors of potato chips to choose from, 1 cooler of beverages, maybe 4 types of chocolate bars, etc,etc, and it closes quite early. My main beef with the Olympic is that the rooms are small, and we received two single beds in our room, (that was just great for a romantic getaway for me and my wife, we got to sleep in two seperate beds). I went down to the front desk and there was no option to upgrade to 1 king bed without paying extra fees.For that kind of money , this is very surprising to meI have heard of two queen beds, but 2 single beds?I worried I would fall off the edge in the middle of the night.Who out there enjoys sleeping in a single bed?I did not know they even make those anymore do-they?The rooms also could use some renovating, including a flat screen tv for starters, its not common to get the old sears TV in the year 2008 in your room if you are in a upper class hotel.The location was great on the other hand, right across from the Purple restaurant, which has an unbelievable wine wall that is so high , it has a spiral staircase built around it to go up to get the bottle they need.Also nearby there is a great restaurant named the Brooklyn, 5 star dining for sure, great atmosphere, no candle light dinners or anything but very hip. Walking distance to almost anything you would need, such as the famous Pike Place Market, or the downtown shopping center and shops.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>PaintTheCity
<Content>True Excellence If I had to rate this hotel and staff on a scale of 1 to 10, I'm giving it a 20. Excellence in EVERYTHING. Hoorah. It's worth every penny spent. I'll certainly be back.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Classic charm Having spent the previous night in the W across the street, this hotel was a complete opposite in terms of it's furnishings.The candid photos (by others) do a great job in displaying the traditional classic floral decoration of the rooms, with comfy sofas in lieu of trendy cushion seats.All the usual amenities that you would expect from this class of hotel, but in a more sumptous format: high count cotton bed sheets, robes and slippers in the bathroom, quality toiletries, expensive mini-bar, safe, non-plasma TV, CD player etc.The shower was over the bath (prefer a separate unit) and the bathroom itself a little small, but the large bedroom (had upgraded to an executive room) made up for this.Nice touches like an umbrella in the wardrobe and friendly staff, made the place feel homely. The hotel is looking very slightly tired in some areas, but these large vast traditional places must take some upkeep.Views from the rooms are poor, as the hotel is surrounded by other large buildings on all sides.In summary, if you want trendy and modern go to the W, but if its classic sumptous comfort you desire, this is the place. Oh and try to get a high floor, away from the city noise below.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>entrad
<Content>Classic but not perfect Stayed here for a medical meeting. Did not start out well, as, though I had a reserved an Executive King Suite, they warned me that the only one they had left was on the 2nd floor (near health club and street noise), despite the fact that I heard them giving the traveler next to me at check-in an upgrade to a suite on the tenth floor. I opted for a deluxe room on the 6th floor. The room was well appointed, medium sized and generally comfortable, if a notch below Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton levels in finishes and level of upkeep. The other major problem I had was that my key card kept deactivating - I literally ended up at reception at least once a day during my 5 days there to have it re-keyed. They suggested that it might have something to do with my cellphone, but I kept it in different places and it was clear to me that it was being deactivated by the hotel.Otherwise, the service was good, health club was attractive, food was so-so, though there are lots of great food options nearby (Purple and Wild Ginger stood out).One other minor complaint - coffeemaker (they have those nice single cup pod ones these days) in room would have been really nice, though they have complimentary coffee in health club and lobby.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>redheadedangel41
<Content>Fairmont Seattle       bathtub  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Picky0
<Content>The Best! We just returned from six nights at the Fairmont Olympic in Seattle. This was absolutely one of the best hotels in which we've EVER stayed. It's not the most upscale (Four Seasons New York, George V Paris, etc.) in which we've stayed. And many of the rooms don't have views. And (omygod) the televisions are not flat screen and are still on stands, not in armoires (hence only four stars?). But then why would you watch tv in Seattle on six sunny days?The location is terrific. The place is immaculate. The service is superb. Without exception, from the doormen, the room service staff, the restaurant staff, the concierge (ALL fabulous, esp. Patrick and those baseball tickets!), and the front desk, to the valets who gallantly parked our daughter's seen-better-days antique Subaru, et al. Everyone is professional, friendly, genuine, well-trained.The beds were MamaBear comfortable (not too hard, not too soft). We never saw the housekeepers, but we always had fresh towels, ice, weather forecasts. The windows open! The a.c. works!Maybe it was just the perfect weather. But we travel a lot, and we came away thinking that this was the perfect hotel.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveleveryweek
<Content>Fairmont is slipping I've been staying here for years. This used to be one of the best hotels in the city. When it was a Four Seasons it was the class of Seattle. Fairmont took over and they did a good job...not a great job. Unfortunately, in the time they've had this hotel, details have slipped. Rooms are getting a bit run down. Details that Four Seaons never miss are being missed. If you stay here, get a quiet room away from the busier street corners. The hotel offers very little insulation from street noise. Bottom line is that this is a nice hotel...but it's not what it used to be. Unfortunately.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>spartac
<Content>Classy Hotel in the heart of Seattle I have stayed in this hotel about 15 times in the last three years, for a total maybe 45 days. Each and every stay was special. The hotel is classy. To be honest, it is not really my style. I tend to go for boutique hotels, moneys allowing. However I never switch hotels here. PRO:- Best service ever. I all of my stays I have experience only once a slight impatience from a member of the staff. The rest of the time the staff was bending backwards and really doing their very best to honestly try to accommodate- Great location, with nice views. Some of the corner rooms have great views of the river but even the other have very nice views of the surroundings- Magical atmosphere: no matter how difficult the day was, the hotel staff creates a great atmosphere. The little touches like having the bed prepared and the Jazz channel in turned on every evening, the room made twice a day, the music in the hall, etc. - Great gym: quite a few treadmills and similar cardio machines. A nice gym with some machines, a swimming pool, a great sauna facilities, etc. Again, nice touches like getting water bottles, headsets and having personal TVs on every treadmill. Very rejuvenatingCONs:- It does not have a modern look to it. If you're absolutely looking for that go to the W across the street.- Expensive, not necessarily overpriced, if you don't have a corporate discount.Word of advice: even though the hotel occupies a whole block, it is often booked well in advance. So make a reservation as soon as you canAlso, when you reserve the restaurant through the Concierge, not only do you get great recommendations (they really understand what you are after), but you also get sometimes a free appetizer thrown in courtesy of the Fairmont Concierge,really a great hotel. Would go back even if I was traveling on my won, and not for business.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fiveoclockcaptain
<Content>Above and Beyond - Olympic Service Our group of 10 stayed at this property before and after an Alaska cruise departing from the Port of Seattle. One night before the cruise and three nights post cruise. We booked through the AMEX Centurion Card, so we received a number of perks.PROS: Location is ideal for walking about without being in the middle of the fray at Pike Market. There is a great restaurant across the street too, sort of a trendy tapas/wine bar, but the food was wonderful, fairly priced and despite the initial air of pretense they were very welcoming of the five children in our group (including three wee lads).Town car service was handy and freely offered.Food in the Georgian was perfect, really, perfect is the word. From fresh local cherries to the best chicken hash you could imagine the breakfast food was divine. We had room service dinners and the food was equally outstanding.Rooms were on the charming side, but the furnishings and finishes were first rate, the bed was of the top of the line nature with down comforter, fancy sheets, pillow top mattress. The windows actually open which is a very nice feature in Seattle with the refreshing sea air.The fitness/pool area was a little oasis in the city and hit the spot.But beyond everything else the service in this hotel was as good as the best hotels in Europe or Asia. We were greeted by name throughout our stay, we were remembered on our return visit a week later. Servers were great with our three small children in the restaurants, not to mention the milk and cookies and toys. The best example was the kitchen fire on the day of our departure (10 guests mind you) that set off the smoke alarms throughout the hotel and put their emergency announcements into action and elevators were turned off for safety. We were on the 4th floor and needed to depart as our shuttle van was at the front door. We called the bell desk and at first were told that they could not come for our bags due to the elevator issue, I then explained our deadline to get to the airport and 4, yes four, bellmen came immediately to our room and brought our bags down 4 flights of stairs with smiles and good spirits. CONS:The Shuckers Restaurant had very slow service, it was almost like the staff there were not on the same channel as the rest of the hotel, I think it may be a concession.The entry from the main street requires going up a level from the lobby, minor issue, part of the charm of an older hotel.We will only stay at the Olympic on future visits.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brossy
<Content>In a class of its own... Stayed at the Olympic for 2 nights in August. This is a beautiful property situated in the center of downtown Seattle. Within walking distance to great shopping and a short trip to Pike Place Market and the waterfront.The hotel itself is an older hotel but it has been kept up to high standards. The rooms can be small and have some outside noise creep in but all in all they are very nice. The staff itself is top notch. They are willing and able to help at every turn.The hotel offer some great amenties. The health club includes a pool, spa and many work out machines. Complimentary water is also provided. Room service is quick and very good and the bell service is top notch.If your looking for a high quality hotel in the downtown Seattle area, you cant go wrong with the Olympic.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jlcaj
<Content>Would return again for personal trip Stayed for conference 3 nights for work and loved the location in downtown. Looking forward to planning a personal trip in the future to stay here again.Belle's buns (they serve coffee in fine china) and Shuckers (anything with crab is yummy) restaurants are located in the hotel and are street assessible. Highly recommended for bfast and lunch (most high end restaurants offer business lunches, a great bargain as a means to sample great food and service). Wish I had the time to try the Georgian tea at the hotel, next time...Stayed in twin room, 2 twin beds with good support, pay per view tv, high speed internet access, mini bar w/ snacks, spacious bathroom (great lighting and close up mirrors), small closet but tall, in room safe, robes, slippers, ample toiletries, strong shower pressure, hairdryer, turndown service nightly, 2 alarm clocks, touch of vintage to their lobby but was a great area to meet others or take a break and listen to piano in early pm, terrific room service (continental breakfast was amazing - freshly baked muffins, chocolate croissants).Walking distance to Triple Door (a supper club that looks amazing), Benaroya Hall, Wild Ginger, 7-8 blocks from Pike's place, cabs are easy to find...  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sailingaway1
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed for three nights at the Fairmont Olympic and we loved it! We stayed in an executive suite and found the room to be very comfortable with a sitting area and separate bedroom. There was a lot of extra space to store luggage and many drawers and a large closet to unpack. We used the workout area each morning and really enjoyed the wide variety of equipment available to the guests. Complimentary coffee was served right off the gym in the pool area, a great place to relax and read the newspaper or order breakfast. The concierge service was very knowledgeable and gave us some excellent sightseeing recommendations. The excellent staff, service, amenities and central location made the Fairmont a perfect place to stay during our vacation. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeattleMarinerFan
<Content>No longer a Five Diamond hotel In early July 2007 we had a Deluxe Executive Suite. The suite was lacking in several ways and certainly doesn't live up to their website description. For example, they state: The suites feature a luxurious master bedroom with a well-appointed marble bathroom. However, the bathroom had almost no marble, and its appointments were very ordinary for an average hotel and absolutely doesn't meet the expectations for a hotel that boasts that they are Pacific Northwest's only AAA Five Diamond hotel. It was not much better than a bath you would find in a Best Western hotel.The furniture was average at best, with the dresser located far way from the bedroom. The room didn't contain interesting or original art work. It lacked plants or flowers. The suite had 2 small TVs on push carts. The suite had french doors to the bedroom and they were nice. The closet space was very good and a full ironing board was appreciated.Do not go there on a Sunday or Monday because much of the hotel's dining facilities are shutdown.You would expect extraordinary service for a hotel of this class but the reception desk in the afternoon and morning was functional but cold. However, the Bell staff and concierge were very helpful. The concierge was able to arrange last minute reservations at Wild Ginger.In summary, there are many choices in Seattle, and I would not recommend the Fairmont Olympic.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Pdelis50
<Content>fabulous stay stayed here for a business conference in June 2007. Fabulous service. Staff very friendly and was good with quick tourist attractions as time was very limited as it was a business trip. Even received a bottle of water from the bellhop after going for a morning run ! Room size was fine, centrally located, slept finewould stay again easily  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dccSeattleWA
<Content>Fairmont Olympic: Fabulous Life was substantially better for three days this week - I was a guest at the Fairmont Olympic Hotel. As a Seattle native, I purchased a gift certificate for a two night stay at the Olympic at a non-profit fund raising event. My expections were rather high, as the Fairmont chain has an excellent reputation. However, I was not prepared for the extraordinary level of service and attention to guest comfort that I received at this property. Every employee I encountered was friendly, knowledgeable and willing to go the extra mile to ensure my stay was as pleasant as possible. Kudo's to the customer service group who some how ensure every staff member acknowledges the guest by name. All hotel employees - doormen, front desk personnel , business center attendants, dining and room service wait staff, bellmen - all greeted me by name throughout my stay .... Most Impressive! I would recommend the Fairmont Olympic without hesitation. In addition, the room and all public spaces were spotless and extremely comfortable  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theallens04
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Fairmont while traveling on business. Great location. Friendly staff. Clean room and bathroom. Super comfy bed. Music in room, what a nice touch. Room was a bit noisy since it was facing the street, but I did not mind. Cute gift shop downstairs. In walking distance of attractions. I was pleased with my stay.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>PhilLeotardo
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at this hotel for a business trip and I was impressed the minute I arrived. The hotel is well kept and extremely clean. The front desk is very helpful and very kind...not the phony type of kindness you would normally get. The room was impecable. Very clean and well maintained. Food was a little pricey...they have a seafood restaurant in the hotel called Scheckey's and the starting price for dinner was around $40.00. If you like seafood, this is the restaurant for you. When you call the front desk, they know its you that is calling. What I did not like was that there are not many places to eat around this hotel for a quick bite. Dont get me wrong..the food was amazing but a little pricey. If you like baseball, Safeco field is only a 20 minute walk from the hotel and along the way, there are plenty of bars and small restaurants to try.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>SASNY
<Content>Absolutely wonderful I stayed here for a business conference. My husband and I agreed that this hotel is one of the nicest we have stayed in. We booked a standard room, which was beautifully appointed and spacious, with a nice city view. The facility was lovely, but what sets the Fairmont Olympic apart from others in its class is the service. It was perfect-- extremely helpful and attentive, but not cloying. Every person that we dealt with-- from the bell staff, to the reception desk, to random employees we just passed in the hallway-- was courteous, professional and greeted us with a smile and an offer to assist us. It's hard to describe perfect service in words, but when you experience it, it's much appreciated.I would not stay anywhere else in Seattle, as it would be a let-down after the Fairmont.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>KaylaCalifornia
<Content>Terrible service for weddings! The hotel is gorgeous and the service within the hotel is superb.I would not recommend spending your money for a wedding though in the Fairmont Seattle. First of all, the department that handles weddings can use a course or 2 on customer service. The girl handling our event was not accomodating and not pleasant to deal with and when we elevated it to her superior it became worse bec he did nothing to appease our concerns by just defending the girl we complained about in the 1st place. It gave us a feeling of them being cocky and it was a favor to us we were having our event in their hotel. It is disheartening bec you are dealing w a hotel and hospitality  customer satisfaction should be their number 1 concern. If our deposit wasnt already forfeited we wouldve seriously considered moving locations for our special day. After our event, we complained again that the airconditioning was not working properly (at the wedding reception) and other kinks that went wrong within the event. The head of the department DID NOTHING again to contribute to our experience with a more pleasant ending. It was like talking to a wall. Anyway dont make the mistake of spending a ton of money in the Fairmont for less than mediocre treatment. Once they have u sign that contract say bye-bye to good cust service. You are better off doing it in another hotel that will go out of THEIR way to treat you and your day with the importance you deserve...  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Lisap44
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed at the Fairmont Olympic for four nights and loved it. The property was beautiful and the service was impeccable. The health club is the best I have ever used at a hotel. Every person we encountered affiliated with the Fairmont Olympic was incredibly professional and helpful-many thanks to David the bartender in Shuckers for great restaurant tips and Mary the concierge for great help with lots of things! Definately would stay here again. Chris and Lisa  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jarchie
<Content>Nice, but not what one might expect. Pretty nice, especially since work was picking it up and they got a corporate discount. The front desk booked me into a dirty room, then gave me a new one, and a bottle of nasty Cabernet to make up for it. The location was great and the suite (clean one) was nicely appointed.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	4	5	4	

<Author>all_about_hotels
<Content>Best Hotel In Seattle I live near seattle and frequently have business meetings at this hotel.. after my first visit to the fairmont seattle I wanted to come back with my family we enjoyed it so much that we go here as oftend as we can(my daughter loves this hotel so much she had her birthday here).I have stayed at numerous Seattle hotels but none was as good as this one... Service:The service here is expectational for a five star hotel, it meets up to it's fairmont name.-Very very kid friendly, [ at every visit my two kids recieved a complimentry cookies and milk delivered to our room.. the milk was cold and the cookies are always still warm from the oven which is always a nice touch ] -while staying here during christmas time my kids would recieve a complimentary gift package with a bunch of fun toys and games, they quite enjoyed them :)-also, almost always we are upgraded to a suite -by the pool they offer complimentry water bottles and sometimes complimentry gatorade...In the morning they offer hot tea which is a nice thing to wake up to.-toys are by the pool such as kick boards and such for people to use.-here is a tip ask for some ecalyptus for the sauna at the pools front desk they will give you some, complimentry ROOMS- The rooms are nice and well equiped with esentials -2 robes and slippers are availible for use, if you are traveling with kids call housekeeping and order 2 kids robes which are made smaller. ANY OTHER FACTS:- The lobby is beautifully decorated.-when it is raining (which seems to occur often in seattle) ask for an umbrella they will lend you one for the day.-try to come in during christmas they bring in a huge tree decorated to a certain theme... also this year they had a gingerbread sculpture of this hotel which was very cool to look at.-if you want a good seafood dinner go to the hotel restaurantI have eaten here many times and have never been disatisfied with the taste ( the sirloin burger is phenomanal so are the fish dishes.. look at the specials)If you have chosen this hotel to stay at for your seattle visit you have not chosen wrong!! You will enjoy every minute of this wonderful city and just as great, hotel!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>AVeryFussyTraveller
<Content>Needs Updating The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was in need of refurbishment. My main complaint was the traffic noise (although I am much more fussy than normal about this sort of thing - others probably do not notice it). But I think they should consider putting in double glazing.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>liketospend
<Content>A BIG disappointment My wife and I booked a 1200 square foot corner suite for $860 per night. Check in was a series of empty promises which kept us waiting with our todler for over an hour before we could get into our room. They also couldn't tell from their reservation system whether we booked one room or the whole suite - if I hadn't corrected them they would have happily put us in one room only for the same price. The rooms in the suite were large but dated. The bathrooms were not at all up to standard for a 4 + star hotel - one of them didn't even have heat. After the long wait to get into our suite there was a TV remote missing and the toilet didn't work. When we left the next morning the bellman proudly told me we didn't need a cab - he could run us to our destination (a few blocks away) in the hotel town car. Sure enough when I went and got my wife child and luggage a different bellman met me and explained that the car was gone and there must have been a mistake. We took a cab, driving right past the hotel town car which remained parked in the drive. This was a two star experience at best. Disorganised and disrespectful.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>LaVieVert
<Content>Watch out for the packages! The hotel is beautiful, no doubt. But, we bought two consecutive package deals for two nights. They included parking, yet they charged us for it. When I tried to get refunded, I was not treated very well. Other than that, it is a great place to stay - just make sure you check your bill before you leave!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>cashmyre
<Content>Fabulous hotel for romance or family weekend In Dec 06 we stayed here for two different nights, one week apart.The first Saturday night stay we booked a room because my husband's office holiday party was at the hotel, so we thought we'd make a whole night of it. We had a beautiful deluxe room with a King bed. The furnishings, drapes, etc. are a bit dated, I must say, but still very classy and lovely, with a formal feeling. The service was top-notch, though. Marble bathroom was nice enough, though could definitely use an update, especially the tub/shower. There was no fan in the bathroom, which leaves the mirror steamed up after a shower. Fluffy white robes are provided, which are nice to don when you go use the indoor heated pool and jacuzzi--this wonderful big room is in a glass atrium so you can see the sky and the city. The second Saturday stay was with our three kids (7, 4, and 1). We booked an Executive Suite, which is larger. The King bedroom has French doors that keep it separate (sort of) from the sitting area with a pullout sofa. I never thought of this hotel as a kid-friendly hotel until our stay--they are awesome to kids! When we checked in, each child received a gift bag with age-appropriate goodies/toys. Each child also received a certificate for free milk/cookies room service. Once we settled into our room we called room service, and soon a very nice guy came with a silver tray laden with fabulous choc chip cookies and kid cups with milk and magic color-changing straws. Big hit with the kids :) We went out to dinner and did some of the Christmas-y things around downtown, then came back to the hotel for a swim. The closet had 5 fluffy white robes: two adult ones, two kid ones, and to our absolute delight, a tiny little robe for our toddler! I didn't know they made these hotel robes for toddlers :) The kids LOVED their robes, and LOVED the pool/jacuzzi. There is a basket full of kids' pool toys--noodles, floaty toys, boogie boards--which all the kids enjoyed.What could take this hotel from a 4-star to a 5-star rating:- Update the bathrooms and some of the room's furnishings.- Get new portable cribs. For a Fairmont hotel, I was quite surprised to get a portacrib that looked like it was about 15 years old, with tatters and rust on some of the joints. It was so old we couldn't even figure out how to open it up at first, since it didn't open and get set up like the newer portacribs do. We have stayed at Grand Hyatts, Marriotts, Four Seasons, etc., and never have gotten a portacrib like this before.- Put glass on the French doors in the suites. The whole wall has no sound barrier because there is no glass on the doors or windows--just open frames with dainty little curtains on them. Why bother, really, if there is no sound barrier (hence, privacy) provided?!- Newer TVs. Flat-screen would be even better!I would still stay here again, because the service, pool/jacuzzi, and kid-friendly features are just too good to pass up. But I would bring my own portacrib next time! Maybe by next December some of these issues will have gotten resolved.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mblaca
<Content>Beautiful hotel Our family of four spent two nights at the Fairmont between Christmas and New Years and had a terrific stay. I had a problem trying to book a special price on-line and called the property. The reservations staffer told me that the rooms were not available, but then helped me get a larger room at the same price. Our rooms were spacious and well-appointed. The property itself was very dressed up for the season and looked beautiful.The hotel has a great fitness center that includes a lap pool, jacuzzi and sauna in addition to weight and cardio machines.The concierge steered us to excellent dinners both nights. We went to Shuckers, the more casual of the two restaurants in the hotle, for dessert one evening and were shocked that the size of the chocolate cake and mud pie items that our kids ordered. Four of us couldn't finish these two dishes. The waiter was very friendly and engaging.The surrounding neighborhood is one of Seattle's nicest. Our kids were thrilled that we let them go off on their own for some shopping in the area for an hour or two each night.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>NotooPicky
<Content>Much To Love, but Not Perfect I stayed a few weeks in this hotel and there is much to love, but don鈥檛 expect everything to be perfect. It is a grand old building that is impressive, and you really feel like you are someplace special. The staff usually, but not always, treats you amazingly well and no matter who you call or speak to they seem to know your name. My rooms were always spacious and cozy, the turndown service (including filling the ice tray) a great treat, the hotel restaurants are great (one is quite pricey), room service has great food and comes fast, and the workout room is fabulous. Some flaws include worn carpets and furniture, some service issues such as occasional long delays and confusion with valet parking, and one or two of the doormen are sometimes moody (for example, one friend was treated poorly by a doorman for missing a tip one day, after weeks of giving him and others $5 tips). Overall, as a business traveler I will always stay at the Fairmont since it is one of the best in Seattle and for that reason, I view the Fairmont鈥檚 flaws are simply part of its character.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JDSeattle
<Content>Wonderful for the holidays... After going without power a few days from the recent windstorm, were we glad we had made weekend reservations at the Fairmont Seattle. It's a perfect location for Christmas shopping, the concierge and front desk staff are top-notch and very helpful.We had reserved an executive suite which was a king bed in one room, and a couch and sitting area in another. We hosted a wine tasting with friends before dinner and a show and the sitting room worked out perfectly. Ordered a wine set up (glasses, etc) and a fruit and cheese platter from in-room dining which made it a bit more special. Delicious selection of cheeses, crackers, grapes, dried fruit and mini-pears came on the tray.Parking at the hotel is $30 a night, room was $180. Bathroom was immaculate - only one bath towel for the two of us but housekeeping quickly fixed things up. Also the dial on the heater/a/c needed adjusting which we let them know at check-out.The hotel is decorated beautifully for the holidays with a huge tree in the lobby. We missed the carolers (they're there between 12-1pm) but we did see the huge gingerbread replica of the hotel. Very cute. We've eaten at both the Georgian Room and Shuckers in the past (good food) but other than the in-room dining this time we ate at Pike's (Cafe Campagne - delicious for brunch - recommend reservations).We also used the fitness facilities in the morning. Heavy chlorine smell from the pool in the cardio area but it's a very nice workout room.We could hear the showers from neighboring rooms in the morning which woke me up. Wish the walls were a little thicker. Make sure to ask for a room away from University Ave (traffic noise) and high up.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peregrinater
<Content>My Seattle favorite This is my favorite place to stay while in Seattle on business, or there with my wife for a weekend getaway. It has a great location, within walking distance of the downtown hub. And the Georgian restaurant in the hotel...superb! It is rare to find a restaurant that has better service; it is our top choice for any elegant dinner occasion.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zjakemasher
<Content>Loved the Fairmont!! Woweeee!!!! Great rooms, great service, and the humps that carried my luggage were little soldiers. I tipped them about what they deserved.Out.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TscheussY'all
<Content>very nice We just stayed 30 Oct - 1 Nov at the Fairmont during a conference. We had already booked the hotel when I got around to reading some less than stellar reviews here. We feared the worst, but found a great location, room and staff. Our small suite was nice, not overly large, especially the apartment sized tub, but everything working, smelling clean or not at all (no mold), sheets impeccable, no sounds from anywhere did we hear, street, other room, hallway. We were on 3rd floor, overlooking hotel drive entrance. Everyone on the staff was helpful and smile-y. The fitness center was very nice. We ate at Shucker's in the hotel one night, it was fair, nothing to rave about. The door personnel were always helpful and always multiple of them. We thought the hotel offered value for the price and a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>jimmysi
<Content>Good News and Bad News at the Fairmont Olympic Just returned last night from a two-night stay at the Fairmont Olympic Hotel in Seattle...I stayed there several years ago when this was a Four Seasons property and, despite the mixed reviews on here, thought I'd give them a try since my experience was such a good one back then. Well...I'll start with the good news. You are made to feel welcome from the moment you walk in the door...very friendly staff, people running to open the door, always a smile from anyone you come into contact with. The concierge and the front desk team are also very accomodating. The grand lobby is as I remembered it, and they have perhaps the best gym and pool facility I've seen in a hotel in this country. Wonderful locker room too, full of amenities. All of this is wonderful, but when we stay at a hotel we expect more than just friendly service, particularly at $350 per night! The rooms are, how shall I say it, awful. When we checked in late Friday night, we went into our room and it smelled like mold. It was as if we stepped into a 1970's time warp too...the room was big, but everything about it looked dated and cheap, from the wallpaper to the lighting fixtures. The room was big, but there was almost no furniture in it so it looked kind of ridiculous. We called downstairs and requested to be moved...thankfully, the second room didn't smell, but again everything felt very dated. I felt as though we were paying Four Seasons prices for a Ramada room. All of that said, you can't beat the location and the service (the valet car parkers even leave milk and cookies when they bring your car around for check out!), though we will be trying one of the many other nice hotels in the neighborhood on our next visit...Fairmont, this was a real let-down...get it together in Seattle!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>MaraThales
<Content>A little disappointing My husband and two children (14/8) stayed here for two nights. We chose this hotel as it had availability but mostly because it had a separate bedroom, separated by french doors. When we arrived it had french doors alright, don't think they'd been closed ever as they were pinned back with furniture. But the kicker was...that they had NO glass in the doors..just sheers...so NO privacy or peace and quiet what so ever.Also, they had two tv's in this small space..one just outside the french doors and one in the bedroom, back to back to the other one. There was no way you could have both tv's going at the same time as the doors offered no sound barrier of course. The overall decor of the hotel was dated and tired looking. The entrance in the circular driveway was welcoming and classy, but basically it ends there. It's an old hotel that's looking old. Will not stay there again....just doesn't do it for our family.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>stevienicks
<Content>Superb concierge and staff service!!! Stayed for a week in July 2006. Had a wonderful time based mainly on suggestions from the concierge staff relative to dining and activities. There were only three negatives: We were given a room, which obviously had been a smoking room at one time, as it stunk. The housekeeping staff was most helpful in that they sprayed the room on a regular basis, which assisted greatly with the problem. The second being the stained arm chair and carpet. It would seem an establishment of the Fairmont's stature could afford to completely renovate the room to rid it of the smoky smell permanently and replace the upholstery and carpet. The spa, which is in the same building, was quite a letdown as it was dirty (dust everywhere) and slightly cheesy in that the pedicure consisted of placing one's feet in a plastic tub, as opposed to having a chair with a built-in tub to soak in and when offered a drink, it was water, which had obviously been drawn from the sink and was warm. My point being it was the spa suggested by the staff. Aside from these annoyances, the room was great, and the service absolutely spectacular!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scarletcarole
<Content>Disgusting I cannot believe after reading previous reviews that we stayed at the same hotel. We arrived at the Fairmont, after travelling from the UK to discover they had our reservation for a delux suite, but were full ! We were two females traveling together (mother  daughter) aged 55 and 75 and we were offered by the duty manager a small king room + sub standard sofa bed which we declined, we where then offered another small king room with a rollaway only suitable for a child which would have to be situated in the bathroom / dressing room. Finally we were offered a single room with twin beds. The Duty Manager acknowleged it was a single room but had no alternative to offer us !. Their compensation was room service of tea and toast at 8.00 p.m. !The toilet did not work properly and tolitteries were hardly ever left, however, the ladies in congieage were delightful. We would certainly never return to this hotel again, the lobby area and Georgian Room is lovely but the rooms (which we saw 3) are definaetly not five star qulaity.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coloradotreker
<Content>Hotel Perfection My wife and I and our three small children -- ages 5 to 10 -- just completed a week's stay at the Olympic, and our visit could not have been more enjoyable. Immediately upon check-in, the kids each received a gift pack of books and toys, as well as a free room-service offer of cookies and milk. We had two connecting suites, and though pricey and not as spacious as at some properties, they were impeccably clean, well appointed, and the bedding -- including huge, luxurious down pillows -- allowed for an incredibly good night's sleep. The concierge staff -- there were typically at least three available -- cheerfully arranged excursions, as well as babysitting services. The food was fantastic: room service was wonderful, Shuckers was fun, and at the Georgian we enjoyed one of the best prix fixe meals we've had anywhere in the world. We made good use of the lovely indoor pool and the adjoining exercise room and sauna. An added bonus was the availability of a vehicle and driver for trips within the downtown area. The entire staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful. All in all, a perfect hotel experience, and one we hope to relive soon.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very impressive - won't feel bad         
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I have stayed at many nice hotels and many Fairmonts but my one-night stay at the Fairmont Olympic in Seattle this past Sunday has to go down as one of the best hotel stays of my life. I'll just offer one example of the personalized and fantastic service...early on Sunday as I was travelling, I hadI called the concierge to ask that they reserve a New York Times for me as I would not be arriving until evening and when I arrived, sure enough there was a Times set aside for me at the concierge...however, the next morning I had room service for breakfast delivered but had not asked for a Times or any paper for that matterr, however when my breakfast and coffee was rolled in at 9:30am, they had included an NYT as well and it was surely the perfect touch to start my day. It may not have been much but the personalization of the service, even for someone only there for one night (when combined with the greatly helpful and friendly concierge and bell staff) made it a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in the USA This is the best hotel ever!! What great service, food, art-- and all in such a stunning building. This hotel is as wonderful as the city of Seattle! A+++ Friendly and also well mannered and kids love it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fauxy
<Content>Spectacular Hotel       The breakfast I ordered. Very yummy.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wazzu_steve
<Content>Smoky no longer! As a native resident to the state of Washington and now a citizen of San Francisco, I feel compelled to write an update on behalf of this fantastic property. Many reviews on this site decry a poor service stay because of the smoky smell. Although this was true in the past, it no longer applies. I have stayed on numerous occassions in the past three years while visiting relatives, and up until November 2005 (I believe that was the exact month) smoking was allowed in public spaces in the state of Washington. Thankfully, the state finally caught up to California and banned smoking in public places such as the lobby of the fantastic Fairmont Olympic. On my most recent trip, it appeared that the lobby carpeting and furniture had been replaced, and because smoking is no longer allowed the smell is completely fresh! I would recommend that the complainers on this site give the hotel another shot. Their concerns were warrented in the past but are no longer necessary.The rest of my experience was great! Shuckers is a great place to relax and grab a bite of fresh PNW seafood. After a late flight, my fiance and I decided to try and catch a late bite to eat before heading to our room. To our delight, the waitstaff allowed us to order a few smaller items (5 minutes before their posted closing time) without any grief. That's a welcome relief from other hotel's rigid closing-hour policies.All in all, this hotel is the best in Seattle in my books.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Seattle The Olympic is without a doubt the finest hotel in Seattle. I've stayed here almost a dozen times and have never been disappointed. The lobby, dining room, and ballroom are gorgeous, and the service is always of the highest quality. The food is outstanding. I read a few other reviews on this site that were less than glowing and felt compelled to respond. The hotel is not smoky and in fact smoking in buildings open to the public was banned by a Seattle ordinance in late 2005. I've stayed at several other Fairmont properties, and the Olympic is definitely up to standards. The rooms are lovely, the health club and locker facilities are wonderful, and nowhere else in Seattle do you have the charm, decorum and sense of history that you find at the Olympic. It is a perfect location for special events, or a stay for business or pleasure. In recent years, several other upscale hotels have come to Seattle (W, Monaco, etc.), but they tend to be pretentious and nouveau riche, while the Olympic is a delightful Seattle tradition.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I felt like Royalty! From soup to nuts, what a pampering!! I didn't want to leave. They thought of everything! When we came back from a jog the bell men were waiting with towels and water bottles! The bathroom had a nightlight, Q-tips and cotton balls. The fitness center changing rooms had razors, and hair gel! Every detail was covered! Those that whined in their review are spoiled brats and obviously blow their noses in gold tissues. Thank you Fairmont for 4 days of Royalty!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alas76
<Content>Fairmont Olympic is pretty nice       Lobby  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice My wife and I just stayed at the Fairmont Hotel in Seattle. Overall, it was a fairly nice stay. The hotel looked a little dated, but nevertheless, quite elegant. The service was very good, from the doormen to the concierges to the desk personnel. We ate at two of their restaurants, the Georgian and Shuckers and were very pleased at the service and the quality of the food. We were pleasantly surprised that they even had a complimentary towncar and driver for use when available. The location was excellent, being within a few blocks of many of the downtown shops and also one block from a car rental office in the Hilton. The only problem I recalled was that the windows in the room were old and didn't block out street noise very well. I would say that the stay was well worth the rate that we got for an executive suite; $185 a night. I'm not sure I would stay here for over $300 a night though.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Boulder80301
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We stayed in the Fairmont Olympic for 5 nights this January and loved it. We had a beautiful corner room (1101) on the top floor, which is all non-smoking. The room was very clean with a comfortable king size bed, nice sitting area and desk, and plenty of room for hanging clothes. The staff were friendly and helpful throughout the visit. We loved just sitting in the beautiful lobby and drinking wine. I would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fairmont The cigar smoke in the lobby is absolutely horrible. It's a shame that one can't enjoy such a beautifully designed lobby, but the smoke is overpowering and completely detracts from enjoyment.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ruben900
<Content>Grand, older hotel I stayed here when this was a Four Seasons property and this Fairmont property is almost as nice. It is an older, grand-style hotel with some of the minor accompanying problems: outdated heating and a/c system, more street noise due to a lack of double-glazed windows, a smaller gym and pool, and a decor that is starting to show its age. Overall, it was very comfortable and in an excellent location blocks from everything. I was there for a business meeting and had a reduced convention rate, so it was well worth it. I wouldn't pay $300+ to stay there next time.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to Fairmont Standards or Mine The Fairmont Olympic was acquired by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts fairly recently, and I must say that numerous traditional Fairmont standards of hospitality and amenities are still absent from the hotel. I am a Fairmont President's Club Platinum member, the most prestige status, and I did not feel that I was treated to those standards over the course of the stay.Upon arrival, we were greeted courteously by one of the head bellmen and valet parkers, Rick (being the most amiable staff member over the course of the stay, I voted him as the Employee of the Month). The hotel's exterior is extraordinary, with sweeping windows and pillars. Numerous high-end in-hotel shoppes dot the street front, such as Coach and Jeri Rice. The lush, manicured gardens boast some of the only green grass in Seattle in August, and the circular driveway is always alive with comings and goings of guests. However, disappointment strikes when one enters the hotel.My first impression was that it seemed rather smoky. It also seemed quite poorly designed, considering that one must take an escalator up to the main lobby. Later, we discovered that the outdated elevators service the lower level (called the Arcade level), which has a convenience store and women's clothing store. I must say that my mood turned once we reached the lobby, which held the grandeur that I expect from these grande dames. Numerous lavish seats (though they do need re-covering) populate the lobby, with the scrumptious Georgian room off to one side and a grand ballroom on the other.Check-in did not run particularly smoothly. Unlike most Fairmont hotels that I have come to respect, there was not a separate Fairmont President's Club check-in counter in full view. While the check-in representative was well-mannered, there was annoying confusion over our length of stay that persisted throughout it. Due to a change in room rates, we were booked under two separate reservations. These should have been linked prior to arrival, but instead posed confusion for us and the check-in representative. Furthermore, we added to our Fairmont President's Club profile long ago that we like to receive three room keys as opposed to two. This was not ready for us.As I stated earlier, the elevators were quite outdated. Rather than having floor readers above them like most, there is a central panel that shows the location of each elevator. I found it quite an eyesore. The elevators also seem to lurch and are very unsteady, causing queasiness on my part. Luckily I only had to ride to the sixth floor!I would have to stay that the room was the greatest disappointment of our week-long stay. With my status at Fairmont I am used to only the best of the best: rooms full of character, views, and added amenities. This room had very little of this. Upon entering, my first reaction was that the non-smoking room was quite smoky; the hotel had not done a sufficient job of airing it out from past eras when smoking and non-smoking rooms were not allocated separately. The room also lacked art. A single, small piece hung above the shabbily-covered chesterfield in the sitting area which also served as my bed. The boring wallpaper did nothing to help the overall appeal of the room. The bathroom was equally as depressingly boring, and did not have Fairmont's regular bathroom amenities. I might presume that they were using the leftover soaps and shampoos from Four Seasons. The master bedroom was certainly nothing special either, and did not have a closet of its own. My family members had to walk through the living room to access the closet.Throughout the stay, we began to forget the depressing features of our room and enjoy the many amenities that Seattle has to offer. We found that the hotel was conveniently located to everything we needed to do, and the valet service was quite reliable. The New York Times was delivered to our door each morning and the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, USA Today, and local Seattle Times were at our disposal. The concierge service was quite helpful in finding us a local steakhouse. We had a chance to explore some of the ballrooms that the hotel holds, as well as the majestic Garden Room. The smokiness of the hotel continued to annoy me, however.We had some minor issues with staff and logistics over the course of the stay. Firstly, we found it redundant to have to request a coffee maker, when we had never had to do so before at a Fairmont. In addition, the issue of the two separate reservations persisted through our stay. On the fifth morning, we found a check-out bill under our door, which was quite unwelcome. The housekeeping had not done its daily cleaning as a result of the confusion, and our room keys were de-activated. This was a major logistical flaw on the part of the hotel. I do hope that, as Fairmont continues to take over and Four Seasons disappears, it will live up to my high but reasonable standards for this generally spectacular chain. Olympic Hotel executives should consider examining the services of the Ch芒teau Lake Louise, Fairmont Banff Springs, Fairmont Turnberry Isle Resort and Club, Fairmont Southampton Princess, and others. Currently, I believe that the Olympic is in the conversional stage.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel but service not 5 star I don't think this is a 5 star hotel. After a recent stay at the Fairmont Olympic I'd have to say that if I had to put the Olympic against the Fairmont Airport or Waterfront the latter would win hands down. The only significant difference in service here was being addressed by name, which in my case is actually mildly annoying since I have a difficult to pronounce name and then have to confirm that they got the pronunciation right!The hotel was accommodating in arranging an early check-in at 10 am even though they were sold out the night before and were again sold out the night I was staying. The room was of decent size and nicely furnished with a view of the street. The bathroom was stocked with Quercus amenities from the U.K. and had a digital scale as well as the standard bathrobes. The one thing that seems to be missing in the USA Fairmonts is in-room tea and coffee. They should make this service standard across the chain and provide tea and coffee.There were some service faults. The President's Club Platinum amenity never showed. Called at 5pm and they said they would deal with it. Called at 7:30pm and told them that as I was going to dinner and leaving the next day the amenity would be rather pointless and asked if they would offer breakfast instead鈥?鈥漺ell get back to you鈥? Returned at 11pm and no message. Called and breakfast was accommodated but there was no message about it, we started from square one. I don鈥檛 think that this is 5 star service. Shoeshine was done and during the day as per my request.The fitness centre and pool are excellent, the hot tub is huge and both pool and hot tub are under a glass dome, located on the second floor 鈥?very nice. They did have complimentary coffee/tea poolside until 11am and bottled water was available gratis from the attendant. 6 treadmills (3 had skipping belts though), 3 ellipticals, 2 recumbents and one stationary bike plus a stepper and weights. All cardio equipment has a personal TV and you are given headphones.Breakfast in the restaurant was excellent, very good quality including fresh berries and other fruits. Lunch was good but, the waiter forgot the salad 鈥?how do you do that? Again, should not happen in this quality of hotel restaurant. The serving process is also different than in Canada. The busboys there serve stuff and clearly should not as they don鈥檛 have a clue, like pouring tea 30 seconds after they put in the tea bag. Anyways, it was fine, just not 5 star in my mind.Would I come back, probably but I might be tempted over to the W Hotel Seattle which looks very nice.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Anniversary Special Fairmonts are the special place to stay when you're NOT on expense but want to put out for something better. This 4 diamond property didn't disappoint at all. We drove down for out 5th wedding anniversary and were treated so well. Fairmonts don't have 'cheap' rates and for good reason; they do things right. They booked us a great table at Canlis ( one of the top places in Seattle) and then delivered an appetizer on the hotel, there were chocolate covered strawberries in the suite, top drawer service (as always), ending with fab home made chocolate chip cookies and milk for the drive home. The beds may not be westin but they're close and certainly overcome the rest of Westin's shortcomings.Basically, they were flawless and their attentiveness; something I expect from Fairmont and have not been let down by over the years. Parking, as anywhere in Seattle, was outrageous but that's the ante for playing. Believe the majority here.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCFrank
<Content>Can't get excited! After reading the reviews on this website my expectations were high. The hotel didn't strike me as very architecturally interesting either inside or out. Surely not in the league of the Plaza in New York, or the Palace in San Francisco. Front desk didn't have a non-smoking room in our room category so we were downgrade to a regular room. The room was large but plain, with not much of a view.Hotel is not very user friendly, newspaper delivered on Saturday but not Sunday, no coffeemaker in the room, not much of a selection in the mini-bar. The most attractive public space, the Terrace Room is not available to guests, only private functions. The breakfast restaurant was empty, I guess the prices keep non expense account guests far away.As I said, can't get excited!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Maribeth
<Content>I know it's corny, but....the Olympic deserves a Gold Medal!       Double Trouble at the Olympic  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel and excellent staff Had an absolutely wonderful time last week at the Fairmont. Our room (the smallest suite) was just lovely and the amenities were all that we expected in a hotel of its type. And the architecture in the grand entrance was just beautiful.But what really made an impression on us was the staff. When we arrived at 3:30 our room was not yet ready -- as sometimes happens in a busy hotel. We had all our bags with us and must have looked pretty frazzled after 12 hours of travel. The desk clerk walked us over the bar and ordered us two drinks on the house while we waited. Maybe 30 minutes later our room was ready -- but we were no longer feeling so anxious to get to it as we felt our vacation had finally begun. For the next few days the Fairmont treated us like our stay in Seattle was as important to them as it was to us. Highly recommend the Seattle Fairmont and plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ed3ed3
<Content>Nothing beats the Fairmont Olympic So the question arises, does it live up to the hype of being the #1 hotel in Seattle?Answer is yes. All of the luxuries you expect from a hotel are at the Fairmont. Whether its free internet, terry cloth robes, slippers, flatscreen TVs on all of the treadmills and bikes or whatever, this place has it all. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are nicely decorated. Its quiet. What stands out even more than the amenities is the staff. Each staff member greets you and most remember you by name or say a simple welcome back when you reenter the hotel. The staff opened doors, elevators and the concierge desk was helpful even when they were bombarded by calls and people.I've been at some really nice hotels that try to pull all of the stops and the Fairmont Olympic truly does fit the bill as the nicest hotel in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>New Orleans gal
<Content>It's the tops! We stayed at the Fairmont Olympic before boarding a Holland America cruise to Alaska and it was a wonderful beginning to the trip. The hotel is beautiful and service was great from the check-in to check-out. Our room was hugh and the ammenities in the room and bath was wonderful (although the mini bar prices are very high). The decor was above average for even the best hotels, and the breakfast in the main dining room was simply the best meal I have ever had in a hotel. The service in the dining room was also impecable. I hope to return to Seattle and will definetly stay at the Olympic again. Even the location was great. Shuckers restaurant is actually located in the downstairs of the hotel (side entrance) and the food there was great - although I do not think the restaurant is actually run by the hotel. But for great fresh Seattle seafood - that restaurant can't be beat either.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Seattle The Olympic is the nicest hotel in Seattle, if you are visiting Seattle and it fits your budget this is where to stay. Location is ideal for sightseeing downtown and the accomodations, restaurants, and service are absolutely first class. I've stayed at a few downtown Seattle luxury hotels over the years and this is clearly the best. Food is great at the restaurants and you are treated very nicely here. If every hotel was like this the world would be a better place.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jayrose96
<Content>Excellent! Just returned from our stay at the Fairmont Olympic in Seattle. Everything was superb, especially the service! Very friendly and accomodating staff. Beautiful hotel, large comfortable well-appointed rooms, good gym/exercise facilities. Downtown location convenient to all. We did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants, so cannot comment on dining. Drinks were a bit pricey (although not compared to NYC). Highly recommended - my wife and I travel extensively and are very discerning customers.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goodie3
<Content>Never felt so Pampered This is a wonderful and classy hotel. The location is so central in downtown Seattle. The rooms are large and well appointed. The fitness center is wonderful and provides waterbottles. The machines have CD players and headphones for your pleasure or you can watch television while you exercise. The turn down service was exquisite. I have never stayed at a better hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow!!! The service was wonderful!!! The Fairmont was just lovely. A young man by the name of Nicholas Jacobson parked my Mercedes as I pulled up to the hotel. Nick was very careful with my car, and he even took the time to vacuum out my car, and wax it while it was in the valet garage. The hotel was lovely. The room and bed was quite plush. I ordered a cheeseburger at 10:00 P.M. and it was delivered to my room at 10:08 P.M. by none other than that Nick J. who was working room service that night. He took the time to salt my fries for me, and he also applied a healthy amount of ketchup to my burger.As I departed the following day, I was delighted to see that smiling Nick pulling up my Benz. He advised me that I was a quart low on oil, and that my rear left tire was 1 pound low on air. He reset my trip odometer for me, and already adjusted my air conditioning to a perfect temperature!!!WHAT A HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smonion
<Content>Excellent Service I stayed at the Fairmont Olympic for a small celebration. I live in Seattle so I just wanted some place swanky and fun. I'd been there before a couple of times when it was the Four Season's Olympic but this was my first visit since the switch.Service was great and incredibly sincere (which is rare). Nearly everyone I encountered was friendly, kind and upbeat. It didn't seem at all fakey, they just seemed to actually enjoy their jobs. The whole reason I booked with them (instead of some other local hotels) was the positive attitude of their assistant front desk manager (I think that was his title, sorry if I got it wrong) Steve, he was just really nice to me and made me feel truly welcome.The room was really big and comfortable with two tvs and French doors. I especially liked the seating area. I enjoyed having a couch, desk and armchair more than I thought I would. The bathroom was quite lovely with recently redone marble interior (had a hard time getting the tub to stay pluuged though, for a bath, the stopper kept popping out). Nice extras included bathrobes, umbrella, hairdryer, slippers, a loofah, emery board and cleaning cloth for glasses, complimentary shoeshine.The pool area and exercise facility were attractive and well appointed. Highlights include an amazing hottub and a sorta zen-type waterfall into the pool. I just wish it had been deeper than 4 feet.Negatives: The linens and bed could be improved. The sheets were nice but not outstanding and I guess that's what I was expecting. My bed at home is about as comfy (and my bed isn't that great).The Sheraton definitely beats them in the bed dept.Also, we ordered room service at 11pm and my order was confirmed, The order arrived at about midnight (after 20-30min. promise time). One of our meals was missing and instead of apologizing the waiter said that he wasn't aware that we had ordered two meals. Even though there were two desserts. He was fairly snotty and didn't even offer to rush it. My meal was the one that was forgotten and it finally arrived at 12:45am. It was cold and missing it's onion rings. (Cheeseburger) I ate it anyway and didn't say anything then because I had low blood sugar and I was starving! It wasn't good though and it sucked to not actually eat dinner at the same time as my boyfriend. Enjoyed the option of purchasing Playstation 2 games ($6.99 for two hours). However it would have been a lot more fun if two people could play against each other and not have to take turns. Also, they needed more recent games, Spiderman was the newest one they had and that came out years ago. The nice woman at the reception desk did take off the cost of half the room service order when I checked out. I guess that was good but it still made the night less than special. Also their beautiful Garden room is now only open for special events and not for dining. That's truly sad as it's a lovely place to go for tea. Beautiful vegetation and waterfalls. Very restful and pleasant. I really hope they reopen that room for the public.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>london6565
<Content>The Most Fantastic Hotel in Seattle We stayed at the Fairmont in Seattle on New Year's Eve, and I've intended to write a review for months.....better late than never! This is truly an incredible place. The service is beyond belief. Everyone knocks themselves out to make your stay memorable. We did the multi course dinner on New Year's Eve. The food was great, and the music was even better! We danced our way into the New Year, and I don't recall when we've had so much fun. I have no complaints at all..........just praise. By the way, if you're heading to Seattle travel on over to The Fairmont Empress in Victoria which is equally delightful. We took the Victoria Princess which is a pleasant short boat trip to Victoria. Thanks to all Fairmont employees everywhere for the exquisite stays. Hoping to return to Seattle this summer, and I'll be back! Fairmonts are expensive but worth every penny you spend. I've never left a Fairmont *anywhere* disappointed. You check out refreshed and sorry to leave.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>awelch2000
<Content>Worth every penny 鈥?a fantastic stay My fianc茅e and I were very happy with our stay at the Fairmont Olympic. In town for a friend鈥檚 wedding, everything was handled with the high level of service that I have come to expect from the Fairmont chain. Location is central, easy walking distance to most of the main Seattle attractions. The property itself is beautiful, a hotel with all of the old detail that takes you back in time. The lobby is phenomenal and has both a restaurant and a bar with ample seating. Once upstairs, we were amazed at the size of our room. Truly living in the lap of luxury for the weekend.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Fairmont is an incredible hotel in downtown Seattle. The service is attentive and caring - every detail was observed to perfection. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swelch
<Content>Lovely hotel with great service! This is a really special place for anyone with an appreciation for history and architecture. That said, it's been fully modernized and has all the touches you'd expect from a top tier hotel, just with a lot of addedd charm. From the lobby to the rooms, it is incredibly well decorated. There is a nice bar off the lobby, and many dining and shopping choices within easy walking distance.This is one of those hotels where it's so nice you don't want to leave the room.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really a cut above. Exemplary service and attention to detail. After our pre-Alaska cruiseship stays this past summer at the Banff Springs, Lake Louise  Vancouver Fairmont hotels, we were expecting service and accomodations to have diminished after it changed management from Four Seasons. In this case the property has actually been enhanced since Fairmont took it over. However, whatever they are doing / (have done), this is one Fairmont unlike any other we have visited. Kudos all around, (especially to the staff and improvements to the rooms and public areas). We'll be back as soon as we can find an excuse to visit that beautiful part of the world again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KevinSdammit
<Content>if you can afford it, hard to beat Stayed there several times when was a 4Seasons, and once since became a Fairmont.Lovely property, almost a bit overdone (as 4seasons tend to be).Fantastic oyster restaurant on the property - Shuckers.Great location, walking downtown area.Great rooms, great service. Main drawback is that it's also one of the most expensive properties in town, and for the money, might want to look at unique Seattle properties like the EdgeWater.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobalQueen
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with wonderful service Beauttiful hotel with old school charm. My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in late November. We arrived late and the check-in process went very smoothly. We were upgraded to a large executive suite that was well appointed. The robes came in handy as well as the down comforter as the temperatures were a bit chilly compared to Florida. The hotel was decorated for the holidays and made us feel in the spirit for post Thanksgiving holiday shopping and made for a cozy environment. Room service was spotty. They screwed up the order on two occasions. One time they totally forgot to bring the order, but rushed an order to us which still was not what we ordered entirely, but they graciously did not charge us for it. I went to the spa, which was rather small, but quiet and relaxing. This hotel is in a super location, within walking distance to all the action and they offer a complimentary sedan for trips under 2 miles away. The staff are very helpful, address you by name and the service overall is very good. I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Anrmd
<Content>Classic hotel with first rate service. A beautiful, old world hotel (historic building) in a great location. We had roomy, well appointed suite with a fold out couch for our 8 year old and our bed behind draped French doors. The room was like an apartment (large). Service touches were exceptional (they even gave our daughter a card to call room service for free milk and cookies that were sent up on a plate with her name on it) and the staff was extremely pleasant and professional. An easy walk to shopping, dining, and the Pike St. Market Place. Indoor pool with large hot tub and adjacent work out equipment were very nice. All sorts of different complimentary newspapers to choose from. Great concierge staff. A superior vacation spot for my family. I look forward to another stay at The Fairmont Olympic Hotel  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth Every Bit The service here from top to bottom is excellent. Everyone is professional and has a good attitude. Kudos to the person managing all these terrific people. The room was a corner room with wonderful water and city views. Thank you for letting me know that great hotels like this exist. I'll be looking for Fairmont hotels in all my travels.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KurtBoston_MA
<Content>Can't be beat Frequent traveller so I know good - no - great service when I see it. This hotel has it all. Best service of ANY hotel I've stayed in. Without exception, every person you come into contact at this hotel will impress.Used to stay at Sorrento - but like this location, lobby, restaurants, fitness center and rooms better.This hotel has it all. Close to everything; comfortable, spacious rooms; incredible fitness center w/ every amenity possible, impressive lobby and truly accommodating staff.Restaurants are great - gorgeous main dining room or the cozy Oyster bar @ Shuckers. Hotel pays close attention to every single little detail. It's the only place to stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Seamless transition to Fairmont   showReview(2284206, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crimmy
<Content>A must stay   showReview(2188154, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Weekend at the Fairmont (June 4-6)   showReview(2172089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sk84fungirl
<Content>wonderful stay   showReview(2131011, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous escape!   showReview(1497814, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dalangdon
<Content>Management change means still great service   showReview(1354710, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better off at a Motel 6   showReview(1231081, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's All About Service   showReview(1131213, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What an experience! (9/2002)   showReview(838194, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TokyoTraveller
<Content>Truly Great Hotel -- Excellent Service   showReview(827789, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Duett
<Content>Traumhaftes Hotel   showReview(19827995, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴亴   showReview(19158087, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

