<Author>aMid-aSmi
<Content>Can't fault it! Stayed for a couple nights between Christmas and New Year in one of the Library's std room.Can't fault this hotel - Ok, it's not a huge hotel, but has an excellent boutique feel about the place and very comfortable. Our room was not big, but so well thought out that it is not really noticible. Bathroom in particular is really well thought through. Even though we were on third floor we didn't really hear any street noise (other than some unusually noisy delivery to a building being renovated opposite one morning). Room was clean, well lit, warm enough etc etc]Complimentary brekfast was good - cerials, fresh fruit salad, pastries, fresh juice + coffee - not a massive choice, but exactly what I'd eat normally. Cocktail bar on top floor is an excellent place to end an evening as well - cocktails are good as well.All the staff are very friendly and can't help you enough.Not sure if the restaurant on the ground floor was part of the hotel or not (I guess so as you could order room service from there). Not a great number of restaurants nearby (that we found), and we ate in the restaurant one evening and the food was very nice although the wine is expensive (and they didn't have any of the cheaper bottles left - i just hate that, always so convenient - for them). Location was excellent 10 / 15 mins walk from Empire State, Times Square or Macy's and about 20 - 30 mins walk to central Park or Bloomingdales. One block from Grand Central and the Chrysler building - it really couldn't be a better spot.Would i go back? - absolutely no question I would, great value for money!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JB0
<Content>snooty but savvy Our 5 night stay at the Library hotel was quite nice. I've never been to New York before, and was excited to stay in a manhattan hotel that was right in the thick of things. The hotel is located close to the New York Public Library and Grand Central Terminal, as well as a fair walk (20min) from Central Park. The rooms were small, but nicely furnished, I realize that space is limited in manhattan. The hotel offered a complimentary wine and cheese every night which was delightful! Breakfast in the morning was also very nice, they offered many cereals, muffins, coffees, teas, fresh fruit, oatmeal and juices. There is also a rooftop bar/lounge which is very pretty. The staff was polite for the most part. Upon checking out we realized we had been charged for using the phone in the room. The staff that we initially dealt with in trying to correct this was extremely rude and told us it was ridiculous for you to assume using the phone was free and that at this hotel, we don't NEED you to stay here, we get enough business as it is. Once that statement was said, an assistant manager came over to apologize and helped us with the bill. She told us that we were right in that it doesn't actually say on the phone in the rooms that there is a charge for using them and she quickly removed the charges from our bill. Other than the rudeness of the one desk staff I would say our experience at the Library hotel was excellent. I'm sure there are other hotels in New York that are worth checking out where they would be extremely glad to have you stay as a guest. I will never forget that desk staff telling me we don't NEED you to stay here.... And that is very sad!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>2009Traveler
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We spent one night here in a petite full room the day after Christmas. The room was small, but well-organized and did not feel too small for us. We paid about $300 including taxes. The staff were friendly, the room was very nice, and the reading room was lovely. There is a daily complimentary wine and cheese reception in the early evening, which we were invited to visit both on the day we checked in and again even after we had checked out. (The hotel had held onto our bags while we were out and when we returned to pick them up at around 6:00 p.m., the concierge suggested we have a glass of wine in the reading room before catching our train home.) The location is pretty convenient, as it is quite close to Grand Central.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brngckn
<Content>Great Holiday Deal for a Lovely Hotel After making reservation online directly with the hotel, they phoned to confirm and let me know about concierge services. Never had a hotel do that before! I had them arrange town car service as my arrival and departure flights were both in the wee hours of the AM. There was a bit of lack of clarity as to limo pricing (roundtrip vs. one-way), but that is the only thing I can fault the hotel on.I was given room 703 (Performing Arts). Very small single room. Comfy bed with nice linens. Chocolates and hand-written weather forecast for the next day (nice touch) on night stand. Bathroom was lovely; plenty of hot water; lowish water pressure at times. Two complementary bottles of water each day. Stocked mini-bar (no red wine, only white). Robe and slippers. DVD player; you can borrow any number of DVDs from the front desk.Complementary evening wine and cheese was very nice. A white, red and sparkly (Proseco) option. Veggie tray, cookies, and crackers. All self-service. They seemed to keep it well-stocked.Included breakfast offered boiled eggs, various breads and smears, muffins, pastries, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, fruit, yogurt, etc. Front desk staff was always friendly and courteous.Excellent location near many sites and Grand Central. The way they do things reminded me a bit of Casablanca (also in NYC). $225/night on a holiday weekend deal. I've paid much more in New York for a lessor hotel with lessor amenities. I'd stay again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tellitlikeitis55
<Content>Great time We just returned from a weekend in NYC and had a great stay at the library Hotel. The staff is very friendly, the hotel is in a great location to everything. They serve a decent breakfast in the reading room.This hotel should be recommended to everyone, just having a staff that makes you feel welcome in New York gives this hotel a 10 in our book.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sarachelle
<Content>Library Perfection for our long weekend from uk We booked Library Hotel in june after seeing reviews on trip advisor and others, for our long weekend (thurs, fri and sat nights) in december from Scotland.We were made to feel at home as soon as we entered the hotel, as the guys on reception welcomed us like long lost friends.The gem of this hotel is the second floor library lounge, casual wine and cheese every evening and with continental plus breakfast served in the same room in the morning, it is a perfect place to either read alone or meet fellow guests.My jet lag wakening on first two nights at 3am did not effect my stay as i could pad down to the lounge in my pj's, make a coffee, tea or hot chocolate and have a pastry and read until i felt like going back to bed again. (it really did feel like i was in my own house, standing at the window with hot chocolate in hand watching madison avenue continue to buzz below with taxis and people in the early hours of the morning.) great base for just wandering mid-town. easy walks to shopping,theatres, library and bryant park christmas market during our stay, just round the corner to grand central and the metro lines to both up and downtown east side.we booked and were given architecture room on seventh floor, cosy, quiet and beautifully appointed room with nice shower room (bath typically american and not big enough for a long soak after a days walking)Madison and Vine restaurant on ground floor accessible from lift lobby of hotel, nice atmostphere and reasonably good simple food.we will be back.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesandT
<Content>amazing little gem in NYC fantastic location in the middle of manhatten next to grand central station. beautiful hotel rooms individually styled with different book themes. lovely breakfast in a nice reading room to get you ready to explore what NY has to offer. The staff are friendly and always happy to help with additinal things to improve your stay e.g sorting out dinner reservations. There is a roof top bar which is open to the public and is open until 11pm, however this isn't noisy and when in your room you wouldn't know it was there.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DowntownLawyer
<Content>Enjoyable Stay We spent three weekend nights and greatly enjoyed the small European feel of the Library Hotel. The service is very attentive and personal, and the second floor Library gathering room is comfortable and welcoming. The breakfast was more than continental, less than British full board, and just right for my husband and me, as we intended to have lunches and dinners at special places during our visit. We had one of the suites in the front, with great views towards the Library and up Madison; the suite was airy, nicely appointed, and the bathroom was sparkling and modern. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were very high quality. The hotel is very conveniently located, a block from the Library and about a block from Grand Central Station and easy walking distance to the theatre district. I definitely recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkFanEngland
<Content>Perfect little Gem We have just returned from a long weekend at the Library Hotel. This little gem of a hotel is just perfect, with friendly staff who cannot do enough for you.It has excellent rooms (big for New York) which are tastefully decorated and extreamly clean.The complimentary breakfast, cheese  wine, coffees, cakes etc, were really appreciated (and saved a fortune on buying from coffee shops)This hotel delivers on everything it promises and more. We requested a room on the highest floor possible and they ensured this was done, upon trying to find a local Italian restaurant they booked a table for us immediately.I would highly recommend this hotel. It is quiet and tranquil in the hustle of the city. Perfectly located for all shopping and site seeing. We went without our children for a quiet break alone, and whilst staying at the hotel we did not see any children, this was great for us and certainly made a difference. If any children were staying we did not see or hear them. This is certainly a hotel which is perfect for couples only.We will definately go back.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinAnnabanana
<Content>Good choice if considering staying in NYC We did a lot of research prior to booking this hotel and chose it mainly based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. The hotel is a good choice if you must stay in Manhattan while visiting NY. The rooms are comfortable, and the location is good. The staff are great (except for one of the Librarians who was a little snooty) and it was lovely to chat with fellow guests over a glass of wine in the evenings.However, do beware when using the telephone; we bought phone cards to use for making calls (including local calls and 1800 numbers) and upon checkout, were very surprised to find that we were charged for each phone number dialled and additional minutes. We would have expected more of a hotel of this callibre.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Peter25001
<Content>The best place we have stayed In New York From the time we arrived to when we left the staff were friendly and couldnt have been more helpful. Igor on the front desk is friendly and went out of his way to ensure we had everything we needed.The hotel is perfectly located so that it is away from the hustle and bustle yet close enough to easily access all the sights of Manhattan.We upgraded the room on arrival (because I need a big bed) to a Queen room the Fairytale room and it was great. Very comfortable and it had all the facilities we needed.The free cheese and wine every day between 5pm and 8pm is a brilliant touch which we sadly only managed to avail of once during the trip.Not the cheapest hotel we found on the net but worth every penny.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tuffy0317
<Content>Fantastic hotel, location       second floor reading room  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>natashaSurrey
<Content>A quiet haven in New York What a charming and serene experience staying at the LibraryHotel. The staff were genuine and quietly efficient. It was justlike coming home every afternoon to a warm and welcominglounge offering afternoon tea! A superb location - stylish and very comfortable in every way! A real boutique gem!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Iwant2goonholiday
<Content>The hotel made my holiday, brilliant! Had to come and say what a superb hotel. Room was lovely (stayed in the Geography room) and the staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful, thanks for all your help with restaurant bookings.The cheese and wine evening is a great idea too!10 out of 10, can't wait to come back.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JO42
<Content>Don't Miss It What a wonderful place! Was just like coming 'home' each evening. Take off your shoes, put on your slippers and walk through to lounge for a cup of tea! Go back to your room, change for the evening and then enjoy a glass of wine and some cheese and nibbles before venturing out in cold again. I could not fault this place at all. It's location was perfect - quietly situated but near enough all of the sites, shops and theatres and the subway.This was an 18th Birthday treat for my daughter and the staff could not have been more kind. Each and every one of them went out of there way to wish her happy Birthday, from the moment we stepped out of the car from the airport and the champagne and card were a lovely surprise. I have been lucky to stay in some very nice hotels, but I do not think I have ever encountered such a great staff.We also dined in the Madison and Vine bistro on our first evening, it was very busy being the eve before Thanksgiving, but the food was nice.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>THECOACH
<Content>Happy Holidays! After a great deal of trawling through lists and lists of hotels we decided to book The Library to celebrate my wifes 50th birthday and we were not disappointed. Yes it is quite expensive - we were there from Thanksgiving to 1st December so all hotels are a bit more expensive anyway but actually you save quite a bit on time and money by considering the following:-1. The hotel is centrally placed in midtown so if you're reasonably fit you can walk to most places(and therefore see and experience more of he city) and save money/time in the process.2. The complimentary breakfast is excellent- great food to start the day.Most other hotels either don't provide this or charge for the privilege.3. As the hotel supplies coffee/tea pastries etc., all day long we went out shopping say on 5th avenue and returned to the hotel a few hours later to recharge ourselves- again saves on costs4. The wine /cheese in the evening was great- we'd often chat wth fellow guests and save another bundle of cash on pre dinner drinks/hassle of finding a nice bar somewhere.We had a Junior King suite which was perfect for my wife and i and our 17 year old son was more than happy with a large sofa bed in the same room. The room was kept in pristine condition- immaculately clean,flat screen tv, luxurious bath/shower and complimentary bottles of water .A couple of tips if you go to New York and you want a special message displaying to a loved one/birthday treat is to phone Hersheys Times Square(or call in when you're there) and for $5 for 15 minutes they will display a message on the moving screen facing Times Square for all the world to see- My wife couldn't believe it when she saw the message about her birthday- we were lucky since as Hersheys was actually closed on Thanksgiving for $10 our message was shown from midnight the day before and all day Thursday.Another tip is try and book a helicopter flight- we used Helinyc.com who were excellent. Check the weather forecast before you go and enjoy some fantastic sights on a trip to remember. We booked the basic New Yorker trip costing about $150 each person for 15 minutes and again we were lucky as we had the helicopter to ourselves.The south seaport - pier 57 i think , near Brooklyn bridge is also good for shopping/city views and reasonable restaurantsAs far as restaurants go we had a couple of OK meals at recommended places and they were quite expensive- Benjamins Steakhouse on 41st /Madison ,Trattoria Trecolori on 47th/Broadway and Padre Figlio near UN building on 44th/2nd/3rd ave. The best meal but again a bit expensive was at Salute- Madison and 39th- i don't mind paying a bit more for quality and this meal was superb.One word of warning going back to airport if you ask your hotel to book taxi- make sure you know how much the taxi is going to charge you ...this isn't a problem going to Manhattan from the airport since from JFK its around a fixed $60 incl tip/tolls but going back they can try and charge you what they like. Our hotel told us our people carrier cost would be $88...i was OK with this but when we arrived at JFK the driver tried to charge us $150....after a little chat the driver accepted $88. One final point when arriving at JFK...DO NOT GET INTO ONE OF THE UNOFFICIAL CABS WHO MIGHT TRY TO LURE YOU WITH A CHEAPER DEAL ...when we were there we heard of cases of muggings/tourists being taken to a different destination and made to give money from an ATM ...queue up and after a few minutes the attendant will get a yellow cab for you to take you SAFELY to your destination.All in all an unforgettable trip and we will return to this fantastic hotel and city.Happy Holidays!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Watalie
<Content>Loved it!! Stayed at the Library Hotel for 3 nights. I can't fault it in anyway. Everything was perfect. From the moment we checked in, the staff couldnt have been any more friendly or helpful. They were great. The location is great, pretty much in the thick of things and right beside the beautiful Bryant Park. The rooms were small, I was sharing with a girl friend and luckily we'd been away together before so we didn't mind it snug. It would be better for a couple in the room that we were in. However that in itself isn't enough to complain about. Room had iron, ironing board, hairdryer, slippers and the most amazing bath robes ever!! The other great thing was the plug sockets took European plugs - super handy as we only had one adapter between us. Breakfast was great, yummy bagels and fresh fruit. Yoghurt, cereal etc - proper continental. The Reading Room was open all day for tea's, coffees and cookies. And the cheese and wine time in the evening is wonderful.... a nice treat when you come in from the cold and before you head out on the town.I can't reccomend this hotel highly enough! I will certainly be staying there next time I go to NYC.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KeenaM3
<Content>Great find! Almost everything was perfect! The service and the cleanliness were most impressive. It was so nice after being in subways and around nyc all day to know I was going back to a clean room and I am a VERY tough customer when it comes to clean rooms! The rooms are small but there's too much to see and do in New York to stay in your room much anyway! The ONLY complaint I have is that our bed was not comfortable at all. However, due to the cleanliness, the service, the amenities, and the location we would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others. I just can't imagine a better location (1 block from Grand Central Terminal) or a friendlier and better trained staff!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traceyberger
<Content>Perfect but petite Lovely decor, fabulous location, wine and cheese in the afternoons is great, but rooms are small  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sportysinner
<Content>Perpetual Guest We first found this hotel four years ago. Although the rooms are small, the privacy, ambience and staff more than make up for the lack of space. The bar, restaurant and reading room are unique and welcomed in an ever busy non-personal transit world of the traveller. Recommend to those who do not like the high end hotel chains but still want to benefit from the luxury.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baysidegirl55
<Content>Pleasant stay We had a great stay here recently and it is so well situated just near Grand Central and within walking distance of so many of the sights. The staff were excellent, especially the poor bell boys who handled our luggage (a lot). I did have an issue with one staff member (see below) but on the whole had a good stay.I was with a friend for 2 nights and then alone for 2 so had 2 different rooms. The first was the junior suite which was very roomy and well appointed. We did use the sofa bed which took up quite a bit of room but we were only in the room to sleep. It was noisy as it fronted Madison ave but ear plugs worked a treat - I even slept through a major accident right outside apparently.The second room was a full size petite and it was small but still enough room for me get around. It fronted 41st Street and was again noisy but the earplugs dampened the noise.The complimentary wine and cheese at night was lovely and a really nice atmosphere to just relax and chat in.Breakfast was good - lovely staff where nothing was too much trouble - and a good selection of things. Little touches like the next day's weather forecast, complimentary water and chocolates on the pillow at turn down were lovely.The hotel restaurant is excellent too and you can have a full meal or just a snack at the bar. Nice for after the theatre.I had only one real issue and that was with the dark haired girl at reception. I do feel she should seek an alternative career path as she has serious attitude bordering on just plain rudeness.When I checked in a gave a credit card to guarantee the account. My friend checked out after 2 nights and I stayed a further 2 nights. When I went to check out I gave another credit card to put the charges on but was told that the first credit card had been charged when my friend checked out. I asked why they did this and was told it was it was because I changed rooms!!!! I hadn't left the hotel just changed rooms. She was exceedingly surly and quite rude. I also have checked my card, the one I gave to guarantee payment, and have found that the original charge is still being held. I have been back for a week now and I would expect this to have been released.On the whole a good hotel and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCMck
<Content>An almost perfect stay We stayed at the Library hotel in the last week of October 2008 as part of our honeymoon around the US. The positives - the hotel is in a fantastic location right near the public library and within easy walking distance to Times Square and many other NY landmarks. The rooms are relatively small, but if you are spending all your time in your room in NYC then you are there for the wrong reason. The continental breakfast provided has excellent variety and the wine and cheese receptions in the evening were a pleasure to comeback to. Igor (Chief Concierge) was funny and extremely helpful - even providing exact details to a small concert hall out in New Jersey with maps and directions. The negatives - Firstly, as mentioned by other reviewers, the hotel will not take payment at the time of booking. Given we booked our accommodation when the Aus dollar was at 98c to the US dollar it was disappointing that payment would only be taken at checkout when the dollar had dropped to 59c. This meant our stay cost and extra 1500AUD than it would have when we booked. Secondly, we had huge issues after we had checked out with our credit card. We were advised when we checked in that the cost of the accommodation plus $100US per day for incidentals would be placed on hold. This was fine. Unfortunately when we departed (and our account had been finalised) the amount on hold was not released resulting in the hotel 鈥榙ouble dipping鈥?so to speak. When we contacted the hotel to ask them to release our funds (given we had paid our account in full) we received a very unfriendly response from a front desker named Lennard who informed us that it was not the hotel and that banks are quick to blame hotels for their own mistakes. After a few (VERY EXPENSIVE) phone calls to my own bank in Australia I was able to confirm that it was indeed the Library that still had the funds on hold (a total of 2800USD). After another unpleasant conversation with Lennard, we were forced to call our bank in Aus back and ask for them to call the Library hotel. Luckily our bank had more luck when they spoke with Lennard and were able to resolve the situation immediately. But it really did spoil what was a fantastic stay. OVERALL - Would we stay there again? Absolutely - the rooms are clean, well serviced, the food was great and the location is excellent. Would we do anything differently? Yes, we wouldnt provide a credit card as security to avoid the unfortunate situation we found ourselves in.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Rob3349
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We stayed at the Library for seven nights in late October. It is an amazing hotel that well deserves its high rating in Trip Advisor.As others have observed, the location is very central and provides great access to restaurants, Times Square and other sights. Staying at the Library is different from staying at a regular hotel. It felt more like a like homely club. This is because of the friendliness of the staff and the extras you rarely get from a hotel: the complimentary breakfast and wine tasting/ nuts/ cheese in the evening were fantastic; tea and coffee can be made at any time of the day in the dining area, so the American convention of not providing an in room electric kettle was not a problem;  small touches, such as the handwritten weather forecasts with the evening bed turn down, were really appreciated and helpful.Our room was the largest available (Junior Suite) and quite roomy enough. The room and bathroom were beautifully appointed. It did have one disadvantage - it faced Madison Avenue, so was probably noisier than other rooms (which fronted the quieter 41st Street). We quickly worked out that, by leaving the air conditioning on overnight, the traffic noise was pretty much blocked out.Our only gripe was that we were unable to pay for the accommodation in advance. As the Australian dollar plummeted from about 98 US cents when we booked the room to 65 cents when we stayed, this was a problem! But leaving this aside, the Library Hotel is strongly recommended as a wonderful place to escape in New York.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steveiii
<Content>Fantastic Stay Really enjoyed our stay at the Library. Very friendly staff, very well located and high quality facilities. Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Camel140791
<Content>Excellent Stay Start to Finish We stayed at The Library for four nights in October 2008 to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and we couldn't have picked a better place in the world! This was our first visit to NYC and I guarantee you that it won't be our last. Everything was just perfect from the morning we walked into the lobby right up to and including our check out. The staff are truly exceptional. Breakfast, all day coffee and goodies were great and the hotel location was very central for a couple of newbies exploring the Big Apple. Mere words cannot describe this gem you have to experience it for yourself. We'll be back!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nationalparkPa
<Content>Treat yourself You should Indulge yourself periodically and the Library hotel is a great place to do it. From the fun premise (rooms furnished according to the Dewey Decimal system) to the great location, and helpful librarians, it's a delight. Sparkling clean rooms, all day snacks-even champagne, charming roof deck and a late check out time, what more could you want?  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jbelle
<Content>The Perfect Hotel experience My husband and I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Library . It is definitely one of our top 3 world-wide. The rooms were equipped with slippers, robes and all the amenities of a very gracious best friend's guest room. Books are at hand everywhere - well selected and not dusty! The guest lounge on the 2nd floor has wonderful cappacino and espresso available all day; a leisurely and delicious array of breakfast treats till mid-morning and truly nice wine and cheese in the early evening; all included. The location was great - very accessible for walkers to 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center and other sights.The service was perfection; we never walked out the door on a threatening day or night without the offer of an umbrella and the cleaner shut off the vacum while we waited for the elevator. There is a restaurant adjacent to the hotel as well as a roof garden lounge which we did not have time to try. What did impress us was the quiet of the hotel and of our room. What an oasis! For the solo traveler the Library also appeared to provide great security.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scallions
<Content>lovely hotel but have realistic expectations We loved this hotel! But I agree with some of the other reviews - the rooms are small (but the size of ours was fine for us), and it can be a bit overrated by some people I felt. Nonetheless we'd definitely go back. Our room was clean, secure, quiet and comfortable. The book theme was lovely (although it wasn't of any real use to us as we were put in the fantasy/fairytale room and we have no interest in fairytales!The location was great, and the breakfasts were perfect. There really isn't anything at all to complain about I don't think, but at the same time we thought that it was a pretty normal hotel with some really nice touches. The free wine and cheese hour is a fab idea!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>denise419
<Content>Great hotel in the heart of NYC Stayed here for three nights following a cruise and we were really pleased with the level of service, the quality of the accommodation and the terrific location of the hotel.We arrived at 10am on the day before the NY marathon and had expected to store our bags and then head out for a while before our room was ready (we had advised the hotel of our early arrival by email); however, the hotel already had our room available, which was terrific and gave us a chance to unpack and freshen up before heading out for the rest of the day.The staff are all very professional and accommodating and couldn't do enough for us during our stay. The rooms are fairly small, but there was room for the two of us to move around as well as accommodate three large suitcases and we were just in a standard room. Room and bathroom spotless and welcomed the slippers and bathrobe for use.The complimentary refreshments, continental breakfast and cheese and wine are an added bonus as was the free internet access, which allowed us to complete check-in for our flight home before we even left the hotel, which was great.The attached restaurant, Madison and Vine, looked lovely but didn't seem to have a great choice for vegetarians, but as another reviewer said, with the dining concourse at Grand Central Station literally just around the corner, this was no big deal.Fantastic location within reasonable walking distance of all major attractions and would definitely recommend the hotel, having stayed elsewhere previously.We're sure to be back!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lavelle30
<Content>If size is an issue, do NOT stay at 'The Library'... We had booked the Library Hotel for 5 nights in October to celebrate a 30th birthday, having read so much about how great the overall experience of staying in this boutique hotel was. We booked it at the sum of $575 plus tax a night for a Deluxe Queen. Upon arrival, we were shown up to the room (Architecture, by the way) and were completely floored by the size of it. It was EXTREMELY small. I had heard that most hotel rooms in Manhattan are smallish and not to expect much sizewise, but quite honestly, this shocked us for that price. I was SOO disappointed as we had booked this three months previous to our arrival and had really looked forward to staying here! The rooms were decorated adequately, various architecture books on a side table and a nice bathroom, and the hotel had kindly provided a bottle of champagne on arrival but under no circumstance would I pay that money for this type of room anywhere else on earth! The breakfast provided is a very generous continental spread, served in a 'library' atmosphere, which was really good and the bar on the rooftop is lovely, but after the first night, we started our search for an alternative hotel. I failed to believe that for that price/size, you couldn't do better in Manhattan. We found one at twice the size and almost half the price in Bryant Park, and were delighted with it!The 'Library' manager was extremely helpful and accommodating upon our checking out. I don't imagine they have guests doing this very often, but quite honestly, for 5 nights in this city, if you're going to go all out and spend that sort of money on a room, you want to get some bang for your buck!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>AndrewinDublin
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed here for 5 days in October for our honeymoon and well, we couldnt be happier.The location of the hotel is great - easy walks to everywhere and then the Subway is on your doorstep if the feet give up.The hotel is very nice, yes the rooms are on the small size but its a boutique hotel and to be honest, how much time do you spend in the room anyway?.The staff deserve a special mention, especially those on the front desk: Attentive, Helpful and Friendly are 3 of the superlatives i can mention - from finding us a great Mexican meal on our final night to actually being interested in our days and nights out - they bumped the experience up into the 5 star territory. They make you feel like you are staying there not just another number in room 1000001!!.Also worth a mention is the breakfast  cheese  wine evenings - all in the price and very valuable for it. Fantastic idea and no skimping either - great selection in the breakfast items and the cheese was top drawer too.Overall a top rank hotel with out of this world staff.Quite simply - Brilliant  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adswiss
<Content>Secret gem in the heart of NYC We spent five nights at Library Hotel in October 2008 and here are the comments on this stay:- Great location one block away from the Grand Central Station, at Madison and 42ond - Very 鈥榝amous鈥?neighbourhood with the Chrysler building around the next block corner, the Grand Central two minutes away and the National Library down the street- Some nice restaurants in walking distance (Benjamin Steakhouse 鈥?haven鈥檛 had meat in a long time? Go get cured!), Todai (All-You-Can-Eat Japanese Seafood Buffet Restaurant at 6, East 32ond), the Grand Central Dining Concourse Hotel itself:- Very nice, quite small, with early twentieth-century flair with nice lobby and extremely friendly, reliable and helpful reception staff (don鈥檛 think I ever encountered a team this well working together and professional before! Every one of them.) For those who can't live without reading: the MUST on the East Coast.- Bistro-like restaurant on the ground floor (unfortunately didn鈥檛 get the time to 鈥榙ine-in鈥? and very nice open air terrace bar on the 14th floor (attention: this is also open to non-residents thus getting crowded 鈥榓fter hours鈥?and with no reserved space for hotel guests ... :-(.)Rooms:- Rather small (try not to pick the cheapest category), but stylish, with loads of theme books on the shelves)- very nice270掳- view on Madison Avenue and 42ond till up to Central Park from corner rooms - Loved the windows you can open- Tiny but well equipped bathrooms with mat glass wall inlay towards the room, allowing some daylight to shine inSpecial:- The complimentary wine and cheese bar in the early evening (great if heading for a concert with dining afterwards!!)- Nice complimentary breakfast, though slightly cramped, with helpful staff and a 鈥榣ean鈥?choice ... but then, it鈥檚 (nearly) free ...We were very pleased with our stay there and can recommend the hotel (though quite pricey... 鈥?it鈥檚 central mid NYC!). Staying there gives one the notion of bustling New York with landmarks around every corner.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funkymonkey43
<Content>perfect! We stayed at the Library Hotel for our honeymoon and cannot praise the hotel and its staff enough. The service and facilities were excellent. Staff were at all times helpful and gave great recommendations. We had booked a petite double room which was indeed small - but perfectly formed. The complimentary breakfast  wine and cheese each evening for guests were a big bonus. We will definately stay in the Library again. We would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monaghans
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel in central location with lots of extras - great! We stayed at the Library Hotel for 3 nights on a trip from the UK to celebrate my husband's birthday. A fantastic boutique hotel with superb attentive staff and many extras like the cheese  wine reception every evening, bed turn-down service/bathrobes/slippers/chocs, breakfast and complimentary refreshments/pastries all day. These made our stay all the more special as we usually stay in the large hotels (Marriotts etc) and found this beats those hands down for that personal touch. The rooms are small but well appointed and after all, you are in NYC - how much time do you spend in it?! Very centrally located, infact we walked to almost everything and only needed a taxi twice. Would highly recommend the hotel's restaurant Madison  Vine, The Roc at night, Empire State in the day, Circle Line 1hr boat trip around Liberty, The Blue Fin restaurant on Broadway, Mama Mia on Broadway and Grand Central Station Oyster Bar, WOW, we did so much, too much to mention here! You will love it.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nursjj18
<Content>Hidden Little Gem In NYC       don't blink or you will miss the sign..  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellersMelbourne
<Content>Location Presentation and service Fantastic! This is an amazing boutique hotel perfectly located in the heart of New York. The staff are excellent, helpful with sightseeing ideas for our brief stay (2 nights) and restaurant suggestions (we ate in the attached restaurant first night - the food and service excellent!.The room was well appointed, we were on the corner so traffic noise was constant but we were so tired at night it didnt keep us awake! The theming of the Hotel was very well done.We would highly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beverley1
<Content>Our visit to The Library       Our Room  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laura024
<Content>Impressed and delighted From the moment we arrived the welcome was friendly and informative - each and every member of staff went out of their way to be helpful. Our room was comfortable and very clean and the public rooms were all impressive. Breakfasts were good and the cheese and wine buffet excellent. The location is great, very near Grand Central and a 15 minute walk from both Central Park one way and the Empire State the other. I would recommend this hotel and would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>4bonn
<Content>I think I built it up too much in anticipation of the stay       NYPL  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pova
<Content>Wonderful small hotel in Mid-town! We just spend 1 night in NYC for our 15th wedding anniversary, so we were looking for something small and intimate...we found it at the Library Hotel! Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful (thank you for the Prosecco!). Our room was quite small, even with an upgrade, but it was well appointed and clean. Overall theme was unique and hotel extras were an added bonus (terrace bar and breakfast room - did not have time to check-out the fitness area). We would definitely recommend a stay here and will use it ourselves again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>northernmonkey75
<Content>WIfe's 30th Couldn't fault it! I booked it on the back of reviews from this website. I also chose it over other 4/5 star hotels because of its size - not some 1000 room hotel where you are just another number - but a place where the staff knew you. Walter, Michael and Billy were extremely helpful and great to talk too. Location was great - right in the centre so you had great access to all the visitor attractions. The breakfast was good - selections of pastries, cereal and freah fruit along with juices and coffees. What also helped was the complimentary cheese and wine between 5-8 which helped you unwind a little after a day taking in the sites before heading out again in the evening.Can't wait for the next trip to NY as will definately be checking into the Library  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WrinkledOldRetainer
<Content>Wonderful place I have just come back from a long weekend in New York and can safely say that the Library Hotel is one of the best which the city has to offer.The thing which really sets the place apart is the standard of service which was uniformly high. Each employee seems to try to do everything they can to make you feel like you are their only guest and they are your private staff.Added to this are the fabulous location and sheer quirkiness of the library concept and you have a recipe made in heaven.I never need to find another hotel in Manhattan.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>redlandbird
<Content>Wonderful honeymoon Having decided to marry in NYC we then used TA to choose a suitably romantic, luxurious hotel. Not being fans of big impersonal hotels we found the Library fitted the bill perfectly. Apart from being spotlessly clean and wonderfully quiet it had a lovely bed and bedlinen, a spacious bathroom and lots of storage space. We particularly liked the little touches like the makeup/shaving mirror  clock radio. We really appreciated the all day coffee etc in the beautiful reading room, not to mention the cheese  wine in the evening - wonderful to come back to after a hectic day!What really made it though was the staff who made us feel really special - what more could one ask for? I would especially like to thank the 2 room maids who had come to check the minibar  came to my rescue when I was having trouble getting into my wedding dress!Returning to the room after our wedding was such a memorable experience as the roses my husband had ordered were arranged beautifully, there was bubbly on ice and rose petals scattered on the turned down bed - no wonder I was in tears when we had to leave!Thank you Library Hotel for such a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OntarioTazman
<Content>Relieved Loved this place. Was so relieved as we had never stayed in NYC before. Used Trip Advisor to make the decision on this place as it was ranked #3 then. Saw some other hotels for the same price per night ($350) and would choose this one over them by a mile. Beautiful room - small, but very modern and clean. Friends stayed in Jersey to save money, but we agreed it was worth paying extra to be so close to the action. Perfect distance from Times Square - not too close or far. VERY helpful staff, great continental breakfast in the beautiful reading room. Would stay there again although would not be able to afford more than $350 if the rates were higher and given that there are no other real amenities, I do not think it should be priced higher than this. Would take this over a big hotel any day though b/c when you are in NYC - you don't see the room anyways!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrunswickLondon
<Content>good location but not as expected We booked a 4 night stay at the Library Hotel over our wedding anniversary but were very disappointed. The hotel itself is fine - the rooms are clean and the staff were helpful and friendly. It didn't however have the wow factor we had expected from the reviews and website. Our room - one of the most expensive in the hotel - was very small and dark, our 'library' with philiosphy books contained about 12 titles. When compare to other hotels of similar price in the area i had expected more. If you're looking for somewhere to crash out while exploring new york i think this would be a good choice - the location is excellent - but if you're looking for something a bit special then i'd stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ZYXWVUTS
<Content>What a find - thank you Tripadvisor! This hotel is a gem. Whilst the rooms are European rather than American in size they work very well with all the facilities you need - and the staff could not have been more helpful or attentive. The theme of library and books creates a uniqueness that is carried into the Reading Room and the Poetry Garden on the roof with glimpses of the Empire State Building. Breakfast is varied and adequate, the provision of unlimited coffee and refreshments for the rest of the day a boon - and the complimentary wine and cheese in the early evening provide a tranquil oasis and are a great opportunity to recharge the batteries between day and night! This hotel and its sisters deserve the very high ranking they have on the list of favourite hotels in New York. See also the reviews of Madison and Vine, their bistro - it's a good choice any time - but particularly if you want somewhere easy to fall into after an evening arrival!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GAMercer
<Content>Excellent smaller hotel A very nice smaller hotel conveniently located in Manhattan. I have been here on business and with the family: it is great for kids though not by any means targeted at kids, because of the penthouse lounge views over the city and the raidable snack supplies! But it is sophisticated and smart (not overrun by my family!) and quiet and clean and well appointed... for in my view about $150 a night less than larger name hotels. I've never had any problems and have always been impressed by the service... if you want a snack, a DVD, a book (it IS the Library Hotel) they have it, and are eager to send it up. Really nice. And very quiet rooms. Much better than some other fashionable small hotels I have stayed at in NYC, where sometimes style trumps comfort.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sunny_scotl4nd
<Content>Everything  We stayed in the Library Hotel for the first 4 nights of our honeymoon. It was ideal  just what we were looking for to start our 3 week break in the States. Librarians greeted us with a bottle of champagne  a nice welcome note after our long trip from Scotland. We were given a good room 'Paranormal'  the name certainly didn't put us off!! Staff were great  gave us plenty of advice on places to eat etc. Benjamins Steakhouse a great NY experience just across the road. We stayed in a total of six hotels across the States during our honeymoon and this was one was definitely up there as our favourite. It was certainly very unique  relaxing given its surroundings.Rooms were immaculate, DVD collection came in handy  ideally located for tourist spots, theatre, restaurants etc. Free internet use came in handy  complimentary continental breakfast was a bonus.We would only crticise the prices on the rooftop bar. Very relaxing up there but be sure to soak up some of the free wine before heading up!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Groovy146
<Content>An oasis of calm in the big apple The Library hotel is a real oasis of calm in the otherwise frenetic big city. Located close to Grand Central station (including the bus shuttle to JFK) and handy for the subway, the hotel is a great find. Each room is individually designed to match a different literary theme and although the rooms a very small (this is New York after all), the guest lounge and rooftop bars are good places to chill out and relax.The staff were faultless and little touches like the DVD library (including 100 films all set in New York) were a really nice touch.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>djm47
<Content>NYC at its best. The very conscientious and considerate staff at the Library Hotel made my brief stay in the city a great pleasure. I arrived two hours before scheduled check-in time and the staff hurried to arrange a room for me. Following a very brief wait (less than 45 minutes) I was situated in an 鈥渦pgraded鈥?room 鈥?larger than I had reserved -at no additional cost. Even during my brief (one night) stay I made use of the library sitting area, business center, wine and cheese hour and rooftop bar. Can鈥檛 imagine anything that could have made my stay more enjoyable. The wonderful staff sets the tone, the beautiful accommodations and quaint setting conveys the mood, and the amenities complete the package. I can鈥檛 wait until I can return with my wife for a much longer stay.I must say I was reluctant to write this review because I want this little gem of a hotel to remain my secret. djm  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MFTO
<Content>More than perfect! A wonderful special hotel in New York!Everything carefully studied.The staff is very professional and prepared to all requirements.Simply perfect!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chelley14
<Content>Wonderful boutique hotel The Library Hotel's location is perfect--just a short walk to Grand Central Terminal, where I could take the subway or make connections. The hotel is in easy walking distance of many New York attractions. Since I was traveling alone, I wanted a hotel that was in a good, safe location. Because of the hotel's proximity to the subway system, I never took a cab during my stay. I was able to walk or to use the subways to get everywhere I needed to go (including many different areas of Manhattan, the Bronx, and Queens).I stayed in a petite room, and I was booked into 800.003, the poetry room (just as I'd requested). The room was very comfortable and quiet. I enjoyed returning to the room each night to find turn-down service. The hotel staff were friendly and accommodating. The second floor lounge was a wonderful place to sit and read, and the foods offered throughout the day were plentiful. At breakfast, the offerings typically included several different cereals, eggs, fruit, various types of bagels, croissants, pastries, and assorted muffins. Beverages included coffee (plain, espresso, cappucino), tea (numerous types), milk, and juice. Throughout the day (including late night), one could enjoy cookies, pastries, coffee, tea, water, and lemonade. In the evenings, the staff served wine (white, red, and sparkling), assorted cheeses, crackers, breads, and mixed nuts.Madison  Vine--the restaurant on the ground floor--offers room service to guests at the Library Hotel.I have recommended this hotel to several of my friends since I returned from New York. I love the small size of the hotel and the truly luxurious touches. Since I am an English teacher, I regretted not having more time to be in my room to read the books of poetry there!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnglandVivienne
<Content>Faboulous visit to the Library! We completely agree with the comments made by the previous couple that this is indeed an excellent hotel. My daughter and I stayed here for five nights, having previously stayed at The Casablanca Hotel two years ago; that was good but this is even better. The location is excellent, we couldn't fault the rooms, lovely and quiet, fabulous roof terrace and bar and of course we found the breakfasts and evening wine and cheese to be very good as well. However, special mention must go to the staff; Nick, Igor and the team, who were completely professional, courteous without being gushing and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. We had a fabulous time in New York but the staff absolutely made it so much more for us, everything you would expect from a Boutique Hotel. Thank you to them and hope to visit again very shortly. Kate and Holly Stafford, Wiltshire, UK  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SusanFortWayne_IN
<Content>Enjoyed The Library Hotel This is the second visit. Great access to Grand Central. Staff very courteous. Breakfast buffet very nice, like the 14th Floor Bar and Terrrace. We'll stay again if we need to be in this area of Manhatten.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>acrosstheUS
<Content>an oasis of calm! Arrived at the hotel at 9 a.m following a very bad 24 hours (cancelled flight!) and luggage missing.......to be warmly welcomed by front desk staff. Although it was far too early to be able to check into our room we were offered breakfast and the use of all hotel facilities. We were also directed to the best places to buy emergency clothing! That set the tone for our two night stay! Staff could not have been more helpful. Their recommendation for a 'special' restaurant was spot on (including as we found out later requesting a 'booth'). The hotel itself was everything the many reviews have said it is -and more! Our room on the 12th floor was extremely quite; very clean and comfortable. As others have stated the cheese and wine on offer in the evenings was a wonderful touch and set the tone for going out to dinner.The whole 'book theme' made the hotel very special, unique and contributed to the calming effect following a day of walking around NY.A special comment needs to be made about the very personal approach of Walter and Nick who with humour and openess made our stay in NY more relaxing than anticipated as we left JFK that morning. Thank you.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enricobx
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in NYC I booked this hotel on their site. The staff was nice and helpful as soon as i reserved the room. Every room is named by a specific topic, and inside you can find book about it; i asked for ancient history room, and they reserved this room.The reception and doorbell staff is very helpful.The room was clean and well maintained, and so the bathroom.Inside my room i found a complimentary bottle of champagne, and everyday 2 bottles of water.The breakfast was very good and complimentary (not common in NYC, where you can spend great amounts of money for breakfast), and so the afternoon tea and wine/cheese in the evening.The rooftop bar was simply great, and the staff was wonderful (great compliments to the girls!!!).I'll return to this hotel without any doubt. Library Hotel makes me love more New York.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>largemarg
<Content>Just what it should be! My husband and I celebrated our 20th anniversary with a trip to NY and stayed in the Library Hotel - and loved every minute of it! A complimentary bottle of champagne awaited our arrival, and the room, staff and little extras (turn down service, wine  cheese in the afternoons, helpful concierge) all made for a memorable visit. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel - the bed was very comfortable, breakfast was great and the location is perfect for walking everywhere. Can't wait to visit again!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>randallv
<Content>Great Hotel !!! The Library Hotel is unique and well worth exploring. It's in an excellent location in midtown Manhattan. The staff are respectful but very warm and helpful. The room was comfortable and nicely appointed. I strongly advise checking out their excellent website to get a feel for the concept of the hotel. We couldn't have been more pleased with all the hotel offers. An excellent place. I'm sure children are welcome, however, this hotel is probably geared more toward adults. It's a smaller boutique hotel, which we like. It is very sophisticated and refined. Not cheap, but no nice place in Manhatten is! Highly Recommended!!! Randall  Deanie VincentWalker, Louisiana  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rob08
<Content>a treat in new york We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in August 2008. The staff and the information/service that they provided were superb. Room (junior suite) great. Location central. Breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese,what more can you ask for. We were very pleased, thought it good value and would go again/recommend.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AtlantaBonVivant
<Content>Spot on service, fab location, great atmosphere My husband and I got engaged at the Library Hotel in their roofop Poetry Garden a couple years ago, so this boutique gem is incredibly special to us both. We recently returned for a quick anniversary celebration and were very happy to once again experience the charm and amenities of the Library. The reception/lobby staff here are incredibly accommodating, approachable and gracious. How often are you personally contacted by a hotel to ensure your stay is in order? Hotel location is fantastic (Weather permitting, walk over to Bryant Park Grill for an outdoor lunch and a spin on the carousel!) We adore the Library for its uniqueness, character and overall ambiance. It's also great to have bottled water, good coffee at any hour, breakfast and wine/cheese at your disposal. The value here is excellent. Don't hesitate to book. We will be back!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChristinaLScotland
<Content>Great Hotel shame about some of the staff My husband, daughter and I stayed in a junior suite at The Library Hotel for a week long stay in New York and have to say that nearly every service offered at this hotel is second to none- room cleaning and turn down service in the evening is a wonderfully luxurious touch (if not a little inconsiderate of the global environment). The biggest let down for us was, I hate to say, the overall standard of service offered by a few of the main reception staff, who could be haughty and even rude when approached for information and advice. This spoiled an otherwise great trip!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>RTBSouthWales
<Content>Simply, perfect! There is nothing negative I can say about this hotel. We arrived quite late and were greated by helpful and frendly staff and a nice chilled glass of wine in our room. Which was the perfect start to our stay. The breakfast, complimetary tea and coffee and the wine and the cheese in the reading room are all lovely. The bar balcony overlooking NY library, the Empire State buliding and the Chrysler is beautiful, I could have spent hours there! Also it is ideally located for exploring New York without being noisy.OK so the rooms may be smaller then some other hotels but they are clean, beautifully decorated and to are large enough to be comfortable.Would I stay here again? Without doubt. Would I reccommend it to friends and family? without a moments hesitation!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rnrmaier
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Couldn't imagine staying anywhere else.       Libray Hotel  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jiaku
<Content>LOVED EVERY PART OF THE HOTEL! We had such a wonderful time! The room was awesome! We stayed in the Love Room that had the only balcony. The view was beautiful. The room was a relaxing escape from the crazy city. The service was great! The staff was very helpful and friendly. All the different lounge areas in the hotel are decorated very nicely. The breakfast is superb every morning! We were on our honeymoon and WE LOVED IT!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GerryPB
<Content>The Library Hotel - a hidden gem! The Library hotel is an ideal base for both holiday and business travellers to New York. It is centrally located and within walking distance (or a very short cab ride) of most of Manhattan's attractions.The hotel itself, while relatively small, has a homely atmosphere due to the friendly and helpful staff (librarians). It is a peaceful haven and with continental breakfast, all-day coffee and pastries and evening cheese and wine available it is a wonderful retreat from the hectic life outside. It is ideally located so as to return to it on a few occasions during the day to refresh before facing life outside again.By the way there are plenty of books to read if you find the time!!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>loudab
<Content>Lovely staff--but very noisy! The staff at the Library Hotel couldn't be nicer. The breakfast room is lovely and the food is fresh. Even the elaborate espresso machine turns out stellar coffee. Every non-resting moment we spent there was great.However, our room was so noisy that sleep was a distant dream. When we arrived--too late to change rooms--we realized our heating and cooling system had a fan that rivaled stadium cheering. It was literally too loud to talk above. We tried, once abed, to turn it off but then became too hot (it was August in the city) and, once we turned it back on, we were again blasted. Furthermore, the room we booked--a junior suite on the sixth floor-- was on the corner of two of NYC's busiest streets. This room, unlike others I have stayed in in the city, seemingly had no barriers to keep out the city sounds. In short, my husband and I were up all night. I hate to be so critical of a place that hires such lovely staff. However, ultimately those of us who stay in hotels are there to sleep and that luxury was, for us in our sixth floor suite, out of reach.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MargAD
<Content>Fulfilled our Expectations! My husband and I stayed in the Library Hotel for three nights in July. I booked the hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor and did wonder if it would prove to be that good. Well, it did! We had a delux queen room on the 7th floor which was very nice. It wasn't huge but neither was it terribly small. Size wise it was fine for our three night stay even with two large suitcases. The bathroom was clean and well lit and had a large bathtub and powerful shower over the bath. There was constant hot water and the toiletries were plentiful.The library room on the second floor was very pleasant and the availability of teas and coffees at all times was very welcome. Breakfast included pastries, cereals, fruit, eggs, juices and was more than adequate.We checked out the rooftop bar which looked wonderful, but we didn't actually stay and have a drink.The staff in the Library were helpful and knowledgeable. Our flight left New York at 9.30pm and the weather during our stay was extremely hot and humid. We were given the use of the penthouse floor rest rooms to freshen up after our day out sightseeing and could avail of the wine/cheese on the 2nd floor before we left even though we had checked out earlier that day. This was a nice touch and was appreciated.Probably best of all is the Library Hotel's position on Madison and East 41st St. Grand Central Station is only 1 block behind the hotel and allows access to the subway system (very manageable and safe). A coach service from JFK will drop to and from Grand Central for only $15 one way.It is possible to walk to the Empire State Building  Macy's on 34th St and it is also walkable to Times Square, Broadway, 5th Avenue and Central Park. The Library Hotel is in a brilliant position for exploring Manhattan. We had a wonderful time and I can't wait to return to New York again. I would be happy to stay at the Library Hotel on my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kansas2008
<Content>Beautiful and quiet The Library is a beautiful, clean, lovely hotel in a great location. The staff from arrival until we left 4 days later were attentive, knowledgable, and helpful. The rooms are numbered with the Dewey Decimal System and each room has a little theme (ours was a the ancient language room) and they are tastefully decorated to create a calm inviting setting. They have complementary breakfast, drinks and snacks through out the day, complimentary wine and cheese daily, a rooftop bar, streetlevel resturaunt, oncall doctor, free movie rentals, and are within walking distance to 5th Avenue shopping, Grand Central Station, and St. Patrick's Cathedral. We are thankful to have found this place!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>saunter
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Library My husband and I visited New York for a week in mid-July for his birthday, and to see the New York's Art Commission's Waterfall exhibit.After investigating many sites and collecting a lot of information, including reviews from TripAdvisor's travelers, we decided on The Library Hotel for its location, east midtown Manhattan, just two blocks from Grand Central Station, great restaurants and ambience, as well as convenience for the subway.After reviewing the Library Hotel's website, I called their hotel directly to book the type of room and location I wanted, and to have any questions that I may have had answered right away.The Library Hotel has a theme of a library, hence the name, and each floor has a subject; ours was Philosophy. Books were everywhere, and we wished we had much more time to enjoy the hotel's facilities.The staff at The Library Hotel were outstanding, wanting to help us with maps, restaurant reservations, etc. and even though we had done a lot of research ourselves and had our time in New York planned out, they made it very easy to accomplish everything we wanted to do - especially, as we were there during the 98 - 102 degree heatwave. We travel a lot, and the staff in this city hotel made all the difference to our stay.We booked a queen size room, on an upper floor, which was beautifully appointed, and the bathroom had a tub/shower combination, which the tub was really appreciated after pounding the concrete streets all day in 100 degree heat. Whilst the room was not overly large, we were very comfortable, and the air conditioning responded instantly to our wishes.Included in the price of the room was breakfast, which, whilst no hot food was provided, was excellent and filling with a large variety to choose from.From 5:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. complimentary wine and cheese was served, and you could help yourself to as much as you wanted.There were two rooftop patio-bars, which looked lovely, but we never had the time to sit and enjoy them.Madison and Vine is a new bistro attached but separate on the ground floor of the Library Hotel, and we had read mixed reviews about it, but we had dinner there the night we arrived in New York, and had excellent service and food.I would certainly stay at the Library Hotel again, for its location, facilities, and wonderful and helpfull staff.J. Perkins, San Rafael, California  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fromleeds
<Content>Excellent choice We had 3 nights at The Library at the end of June. The hotel is 5 minutes鈥?walk from Grand Central Station and the Public Library 1 block away. We had rooms on the 10th floor away from the lifts (as requested on booking). The rooms were clean, nicely decorated and comfortable with plenty of towels and toiletries. The rooms also have a safe and complimentary bottled water is provided. We were shown to our rooms and given lots of information about the facilities and also warned about the mini bars which are electronically sensitive 鈥?so if you don鈥檛 want an item don鈥檛 touch it! We slept soundly 鈥?it was remarkably quiet. A good continental breakfast is served until 11.00 in a pleasant lounge on the 2nd floor which has wall to wall book cases and a piano! Everything was plentiful and topped up regularly by staff. Complimentary hot drinks and cookies/pastries are available in the lounge all day plus wine with cheese  biscuits are served between 5-8pm which - a great way to start the evening or end an afternoon鈥檚 sightseeing! The hotel has a nice rooftop bar which is open to the public (think from 5pm) 鈥?but is a relaxing place to sit out during the day in comfortable surroundings if you are tired from trekking around the city. Both on the Friday and Saturday nights we were there the bar was entertaining private parties, though on the night we visited for a nightcap the waitress managed to find seats for us in the open air area which was greatly appreciated. (We had lunch in the adjoining ground floor restaurant Madison  Vine which was excellent - not sure if it is connected to the hotel or not). The best thing about the hotel is the service 鈥?without exception every member of staff we encountered was friendly, cheerful and helpful. We had some great tips for bars and restaurants. The best service we have experienced in a long time. In summary the hotel made our weekend for us 鈥?loved it loved it loved it and if we ever make it back to New York would be our 1st choice of hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Cheappleasures
<Content>Great Little Treasure in Midtown The rooms are spacious by NYC standards, and the location is ideal. We had a room with a bay window that fronted Madison, so that you could see directly down 41st into the Public Library and up and down Madison all at the same time. Not a very tall hotel, so you're not going to get panoramic views, but actually very quiet considering. The staff are very helpful and go out of their way to make sure you have a great stay. The little extras (breakfast, etc.) go a long way in making this a fantastic place to consider while in NYC. Also, you never feel overwhelmed like you sometimes do at the larger NYC properties. And by the way, as you might expect, there are books everywhere, including a copious supply in the rooms, if that's your thing.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lapham8
<Content>Perfect hotel for our stay in Manhattan. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. The location was great. The room, while small, provided all necessary amenities and more. With the substantial parking discount and the lovely breakfast, the cost was quite reasonable for the City. We look forward to staying at the Library Hotel the next time we come to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lionlocks
<Content>Perfect NYC hotel The Library Hotel is amazing. After a 20 hour flight from Australia, the hotel staff were so helpful in getting us settled in quickly. The hotel serves complimentary wine and cheese each night, and even though we arrived in well past the service, they brought some wine up to us to enjoy while we relaxed. The location was perfect with transportation nearby and every shop conceivable within walking distance. The roof top garden was lovely and really added to the unique feel. Free internet and breakfast each morning was also included with the wine/cheese evening. The rooms were amazing with all the books included, and you were surrounding by more in the lobby and breakfast room. Loved the concept. Even if you're not an avid reader, book this hotel. It's a great location, service is superb and all the amenities are spot on. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobertandImke
<Content>Beautiful hotel in NYC We very much enjoyed our stay at the Library Hotel. It is a rather small but very modern and comfortable hotel in a very central location to discover the big apple. The service was excellent, the folks at the reception went every extra mile to make the restaurant reservations that we had forgotten to make in advance. The rooms are small (though not for NYC) but beautiful, each with a different motto/theme. We can very much recommend the love room, the only room in the hotel with a balcony! We will return...  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AD50
<Content>The icing on the cake of an amazing trip to New York City!! This was our (myself and my family's) second trip to New York City and what a fantastic trip it was.The Library Hotel was fantastic. The staff were lovely - always making a point to ask how we were, what we were up to, offering their advice on local NY attractions and restaurants and their restaurant recommendations were brilliant. (Pastis and Spice Market in the Meatpacking district are absolute MUSTS!) Nothing was ever too much for them and they were always smiling. They really want to help you make the most out of your trip to NYC.Before we went, we read many reviews saying the rooms were extremely small but this was not a problem. They were a good size, luxuriously equipped with fresh bottles of water everyday, turn down service with a weather report and chocolates in the evening, fresh towels every day and they even gave us fresh slippers and dressing gowns during our stay!On our first time in Manhattan we stayed in Times Square. This was a central and touristy location but we all found the location of The Library far superior. Based in Mid-Town, many key attractions in New York were close by to the hotel which was great. Anything else was a short taxi ride away and, being NY, the taxis were very cheap! There are some nice restaurants nearby - recommended highly by the hotel staff - and the views from the rooftop bar is superb at night time. You really feel like you are in the hubbub of NY when you drink a cocktail on the terrace overlooking the Empire State Building - a very NY thing to do! What is great about staying in The Library is that you are central enough to drop off shopping halfway through the day - if you have hit Fifth Avenue - and whilst doing this, can pop into the Reading room for as many complimentary coffees/teas/lemonades/cakes as you like, ready to hit the shops again! Though I did not read any of the books in our room (after all, you are in New York!), their collection is extensive and they help provide a very special and unique experience to your stay in the carefully designed hotel. I loved being able to return to the hotel in the evening after a busy day in New York, borrow a DVD from the hotel's collection to put on in the background whilst getting ready and then head to the Reading room for a glass (or two!) of champagne with some cheese and nuts, before leaving the hotel to eat and one of Manhattan芒鈧劉s 10,000 restaurants. I would stay here again, without a doubt, and look forward to doing so in the future. If you are looking for an elegant, comfortable, true New-York hotel which oozes character, set in a fantastic location in what has got to be one of the best cities in the world, then look no further. You have found it.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Scottishgirl-123
<Content>Loved this hotel This hotel is fantastic - very comfortable. The service was exceptional. We loved the breakfasts and the cheese and wine at night.The location is perfect for exploring New York. The only downside was that there were very few bars open nearby after 9pm.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PatnBrian
<Content>The best hotel in New York!       Brian and I in the conservatory  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lk2Trvl
<Content>Great concept! I enjoyed staying at the hotel for my July 4th weekend with friends in NYC. I really liked the library concept. As a reader, I was on the religion floor and I noticed the room actually has a lot of interesting books. It seems it鈥檚 a concept the hotel takes seriously - that鈥檚 great! My only regret was I was not able to spend more time using the hotel facilities - I was out enjoying the city most of the time.I loved the style of the room. Although very small I never felt claustrophobic. Not to mentioned it was good value for money for NYC. I really appreciated that the number of rooms was small per floor. I couldn鈥檛 really figure how to use my ipod with the room speakers but I guess I could鈥檝e always called for help - just didn鈥檛 have the time. I enjoyed the Azur toiletries in the bathroom but thought the tiles were not as cool as rest of the room. Oh yes, thanks for the free internet.Only major room for improvement is the parking situation. It鈥檚 not very convenient considering the garage is two blocks away and the hotel does not have valet parking. Also, the parking staff could鈥檝e been better. The guy I had to deal with on Sunday around 11 p.m. was very difficult. This was just before my long drive back to Boston and the whole interaction left a bad taste in my mouth. But in general I had a good time and will return. Thanks for everything.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SevilleHenry
<Content>Fantastic hotel and great staff!! We have just returned from The Library and had a fantastic time at this lovely hotel. The staff were all so helpful and friendly giving us great suggestions on where to go for dinner etc. The rooms were immaculate and of a high standard...we stayed in the de luxe rooms. Drinks all day and wine and cheese in the evening, was a lovely touch and graetly appreciated. The breakfast provided was perfect. Roof top bar was lovely at the end of the evening but you could also take your breakfast up there. Great location and easy to get to most places by foot. We would not stay anywhere else. Thank you to all at this Hotel we had a fantastic week.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>callaban
<Content>Great Experience!!! We had the most wonderful experience at The Library Hotel. We arrived hours before check-in and just wanted to drop off our bags before we headed out but they got our room ready right away and had us checked in in no time at all. They knew our names and were so freindly my husband and I were blown away in the first 15 minutes. The room we stayed in was clean and the room service was excellent. The weekend we were there it rained the whole time and someone was at the door ready to offer us an umbrella to take with us and give us suggestions on where to eat! The rooftop garden and bar was fun and relaxing. Everything about the hotel was great. We will not only stay there again but we will not stay anywhere else in New York from now on!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vernetta
<Content>Books, Wine and Location the Perfect Hotel. The Library,NYC. I try to stay at The Library whenever I travel to NYC. and as long as they continue to offer special rates I will. The Library makes me feel like it is my own private club. Lemonade and cookies when I arrive, wine and cheese before I venture out in the evening and croissant and coffee, while reading the paper to start the day, what could be better. The rooms are small which makes it even more cozy and comfortable, the beds are the most comfortable. Location is also the most convenient of all the hotels I have stayed in NYC, even the parking garage around the corner is easy in, easy out and you get a discount with a stamp from the hotel. And as I implied in the beginning it is pricey, more than I would pay normally but as they offer special dates, with special rates through out the year I get to enjoy this gift to myself throughout the year. Yeah!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rikdelperros
<Content>Cute rooms and unbelievable staff, feels like home Date of stay: 04 to 06june 2008 in deluxe king (love room with erotica package) and 20 to 21june 2008 in petite room (photography room).We stayed in this hotel on our way to French Polynesia for our honemoon and on our way back.This is an amazing hotel.First, the rooms. They are on the small side but extemely well organized and maintained. They are very clean and the shower gel / shampoo, cotton and towels are available in great quantities. And if you miss something, ask the front desk and the next minute, you have it. Overall, these rooms are very very cute and it's a great plesure to come back home every night.The common facilities (2nd floor). This is were they serve the breakfast, the wine and cheese (from 5pm to 8pm) and rest of the time, tea / coffe and cookies are available 24/7. Like the rest of the hotel, this area is very well maintained and clean. It is great to stop by there and read quietly the newspaper or any book you can grab from the many that are available there. Breakfast is fine, nothing really special but everything is there. Wine and cheese and perfect as apetizers before going out.And last but not least, the staff. They are amazing !!! The best assets of this hotel. Nice, helpful, full of good ideas whatever you need, always smiling and happy to see your face whatever the time of the day. We came back to the hotel 2am one night and wanted to watch a dvd (they are available for free at the front desk). They are so many that we asked for some advice and I felt like they could have told us about each and every dvd available (and there are a lot !) what was the story, how they rated the movie, if they feel we would like it or not. And this is just a small example but everything is like that. They really make you feel like home and this is the most important thing about this hotel, once you step in, you immediately feel like home.Best stay ever and a great thanks to them if they read this review !We'll come back to New york before the end of the year and we know we'll stay in the Library hotel...  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shortperson
<Content>Just the best, so glad we chose the Library We stayed at the Library for 5 nights in May for my husband's 40th birthday. I had emailed in advance to ask for the Manufacturing room (a deluxe), which we got, along with a complimentary bottle of fizz, which was lovely! The rooms are small, yes, and with two reasonable size suitcases, it was a little difficult to maneouvre them about - if we'd had smaller cases, no problem. But the bed was very comfortable, and the room was perfectly fine for our stay, the bathroom was well equipped, and overall no smaller than some hotel rooms in chains like Malmaison here. The staff were friendly and helpful, suggesting places we might like to go (it was our first visit), and providing us with maps and information. Breakfast was a godsend for me as I need to eat regularly (and early!) and there was a good continental  healthy selection. Also having the complimentary drinks throughout the day was a perk when we got back from a long day out and needed a cup of tea. And the daily cheese  wine reception was just fantastic!! Where do those onion/seed crackers come from?!The terrace bar was lovely on a warm evening - it did get busy up there though, and if there is an event on, you do feel like not bothering/aren't able to go up there. Most of the time we were out and about anyway, but the couple of times we went up there, it was very relaxing and quite cosy, even though it was busy.Its location was perfect - just a block or two from Grand Central and the Public Library - quiet, really didn't hear any noise at night, but still really central to everywhere we wanted to be. We walked everywhere round Midtown - from the Empire State to Central Park, and only took the (sightseeing) bus to get downtown.We can't fault the Library at all - it was perfect for us as we prefer the smaller, quieter hotel rather than staying somewhere like the Royalton or W or Morgans as some of our friends recommended. Being able to get breakfast  drinks was also ideal. I would not hesitate to recommend the Library, and have done so to all our friends who haven't yet made it to NY!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Topcliff
<Content>Another great stay My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights on the way home from anniversary celebration in both Miami and Vegas. We previously stayed at the hotel in November and absolutely loved the place. It`s so friendly and cosy and everything you would hope for in a New York hotel. Rooms are small but space enought for two huge cases and to move about freely- what more could you want. We love the little extra touches ie cheese and wine and ample breakfast. My husband and I never normally get up for breakfast on holiday but we always make sure we do when we stay here!We hope to return to New York in the near furture and this place will be a definite must yet again as long as the prices don`t go up too much.....ha!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DetroitEarl
<Content>Very Nice Stay The rooms were very clean, beautifully appointed, and amazingly quiet. The daily breakfast and afternoon teas were very nicely done, and the service was first rate.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_from_Toronto
<Content>Stay Here !! This Is A Great Hotel My wife and I un-expectantly went to New York for the last 4 nights of our vacation. We had to quickly find and book a hotel. We looked in TripAdvisor for a small high quality hotel.( not easy to do ) We tried both this hotel and the sister hotel The Casablanca. Even though this hotel was shown to be full, the reservation staff got us in for the 4 nights that we were looking for. The stay for the entire time we were there was nothing short of fabulous. The location is very close to the tourist spots, the subway, and of course shopping. We walked to Central Park and the MET, but laziness took hold and we did cab it back.The room ( queen size ) was large (by New York standards) and was more than enough for 2 people, it was complete with all of the usual amenities. ( 1 small complaint - the water pressure in the shower could have been better, but this is a very minor criticism ).The bed was comfortable, the color scheme was very subtle and the room was just relaxing to be in.There is a room on the 2nd floor that the guests of the hotel can have complimentary coffee, juice, pastries 24 hours a day. There is a nice continental breakfast served in the same room in the morning, along with snacks and wine in the late afternoon. (again all complimentary). We enjoyed having a glass of wine when came back in the afternoon, before heading back out for the evening.Saving the best for last, the service. From the housekeeping staff through to the on-duty Manager, everyone that you came in contact with was friendly, polite and professional. What a pleasant change to see and feel this.Would we stay again - YESWould we recommend this hotel to others - YES (already have actually)Stay here if you can, you will be very pleased.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>WMadge
<Content>Greedy management spoiled our stay I chose this stay as it had such great reviews and sounded very appealing. Unfortunately, although I agree with most of the reviews posted, we did not completely enjoy our stay.The room was great, the free facilities during the day and evening were lovely and the location is great.One of the appeals for us was the advertised roof top reading area and bar. Wonderful after a hectic day I thought...sadly this was not to be the case.You should be aware that although the Hotel advertise this in their lovely brochure and website as one of the Hotel's facilities, management chose to bar guests from it's use and charge others to use it for all day conferences and evening wedding receptions. Throughout our entire stay were were barred from taking the lift to the top floor to enjoy the advertised Hotel Facility as from 8 until 5 there were all day conferences and during the evening social events such as wedding receptions. The Hotel point out that it is not their responsibility as management hire this out and then conference organisors take over the area, hence barring us at the lift!So the management of this Hotel charge guests to stay having advertised this as a facility and then hire it out again to external parties...a nice money spinner for them and they could't have cared less that we were not happy about this!I would not stay at this Hotel again as the staff let themselves down and could not deal with our complaint with any degree of maturity or concern...a robotic glazed look and please feel free to contact management if you are not happy then have a nice day...it spoiled my stay there as there were plenty of Hotels we would have stayed at had they not advertised this wonderful sounding, never to be seen roof top area....The boutique rooms were as expected too, nicely decorated boxes with a few random books placed to demonstrate the Library theme....a rip off in my opinion and not an ethical management company in my opinion.If financial companies mislead customers in this way they would be fined!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>BoredOfHotels
<Content>Best Hotel I've Stayed in I am normally not phased either positively or negatively by hotels as I stay in so many, but I have to say that this one stands out as one of the best I have ever visited.The staff were professional, helpful and entertaining. The location was perfect. The room was stylish and modern (although not the largest ever). The communal facilities/areas were outstanding (including free use of computers without the usual complicated log in processes). Although fairly pricey, it was worth every penny and a long way from being the most expensive NY hotel.For anyone considering a different hotel to save $50-$100 a night - don't! The price of the hotel will quickly be forgotten, the quality of this hotel will be remembered.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lestercb
<Content>Perfect location for a special trip! This hotel is a quaint New York Boutique style hotel. We booked this for our first trip to New York City for our 25th anniversary. I went on the recommendation of a co-worker and are we glad I did. The property was immaculate and amenities were bountiful. From a continental breakfast to the wine and cheese reception every night as well as a 24 hour reception area with snacks and light drinks available...all included in the price of the hotel. There is easy access to computers and printers, a rooftop sitting area and a wonderful 2nd floor reception area. Also, we mentioned the occassion when we booked the hotel and a nice card and small gift was waiting in our room on arrival. Great touch!The rooms are small, which I am told is typical New York, but they were well appointed and pristine.The location is right on 41st and Madison Ave. Easy walking distance to Grand Central Station, 5th Avenue Shopping, Times Square, Rockefeller Plaza, Park Ave. New York Public Library and who knows what else we couldn't get seen in the 4 days we were there.AND, all this pales in comparison to the courtesy, professionalism, speed and overall friendliness of the staff. This was a big trip for us and the Library Hotel was the solid lynchpin to a great introduction to NYC. My thanks and compliments to the hotel and their staff.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BSSW
<Content>Great quiet hotel in the middle of NYC My partner and I stayed in New York over new year 07/08. We chose this hotel because of the reviews on TA and we were not disappointed!The hotel itself is lovely, really comfortable with great staff. Sure, the room wasn't huge... but perfectly adequate for what we needed. For a city hotel it's just what you need: in the centre of Manhattan, close to grand central station, great service, comfy beds... those little extras really make the difference too. We really made the most of the breakfast (which gave us a great start to every day), the cheese and wine evenings and the complementary internet access.I would say that this hotel is best suited to couples or older groups of people wanting to discover NYC, but wanting to come back at the end of the day and relax.We stayed in the double room (one of the smallest) and the only issue we had was the noise from the lifts at night. I had no problem with this, but my partner is a light sleeper. Once we were given ear plugs it was fine. I would say that if you are a light sleeper you should either take ear plugs or consider a slightly more expensive room. Don't miss the bar on the top floor. Great for breakfast, but even better for a cocktail to finish off the evening.I have been to NYC before, and hope to come again. I will not stay in any other hotel - The Library was perfect for us.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LOBrien
<Content>Library was great - staff was AMAZING!!!!!!! From the moment my sister and I arrived at the library hotel our experience was fantastic! After a long day a travel we were greeted at the door and by the time we got to our room they were calling with our dinner reservation to Kellari Taverna. The room was small but very clean, comfortable and quite. Well appointed. We had a quick glass of wine and some cheese and crackers and walked to the restaurant. We ended the night at the rooftop bar - Bookmarks. Just perfect! Day One we had a great free breakfast on the 2nd floor and then we were off to Ground Zero, Wall Street and Soho. Before we left that morning we told the front desk that we wanted to see The 39 Steps and while we were out sightseeing they called to say they got us 6th row tickets and they were being delivered to the hotel. We returned that evening and asked for another dinner suggestion - Salute! and it didn't disappoint. We were then off to Mansion to experience the club scene. The staff gave us free passes and called to check the wait. When we got there it was if they were waiting for us. We got out of the cab and they ushered us right in even though there was a line. Day Two we walked down Madison to MoMA and then shopped the rest of the afternoon. When we returned we decided to ask for some nightlife recommendation and my sister had mentioned it was my birthday. By the time we got upstairs there was a bottle of wine and two boxed coffee mugs (I had asked for one as a birthday souvenir). We had a bite to eat before the show at Madison  Vine in the lobby of the hotel. Great food! The staff hailed us a cab and sent us off with an umbrella. The 39 Steps was fantastic. Our next stop - The Hudson Hotel bar - very cool! We were concerned about getting a cab and the staff said to call them if we were out and needed a cab and that they would call one for us.Day Three and my sister and I were heading back home to Chicago and Scottsdale respectively. We took in the street fair on the Avenue of the Americas and walked around Times Square. Hotel checkout is 1:00 pm which is a nice change.My sister and I are already planning our return. The people from wait staff, to cabbies, to sales clerks, to passerbys on the street were some of the nicest and most helpful people I have ever met. Whomever said that New Yorkers were rude is dead wrong!!!! To the FABULOUS staff - Igor, Leonard, Walter, Michael and Monique, I say thank for making my birthday and trip to NYC a memorable one. See you next year!!!!!! This staff - Igor, Walter, Leonard, Monique and Michael was so helpful and fun!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lilacrose
<Content>A Serene Haven We spent 3 nights here while doing a flying visit to New York, we chose it having read all the tripadvisor reviews and it was every bit as perfect as described. It really was a traquil retreat from the hot buzzing streets. The staff were a delight, always helpful suggesting places to eat etc. We had a deluxe queen room which was small but perfect, everything one needed, clean and a lovely comfy bed.The breakfast, all day snacks/coffee and the evening wine and cheese were wonderful, it really was a treat to stay here and we would certainly come back.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beauregard07
<Content>Just Like a Library Should Be: Quiet My husband and I stayed at the Library Hotel just last weekend for our second anniversary. The stay was wonderful. The staff was welcoming, helpful, and left us alone, unless we had a question. The room was very nice and the size was exactly what we expected for a Manahattan hotel. Definitely clean and orderly. Would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TPug
<Content>Fantastic stay We had a wonderful experience during our stay. Our room was clean and comfortable. The second floor reading room was very enjoyable and the breakfast was quite nice. We thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese, and it saved us when we were running late for an evening show and didn't have time for dinner beforehand. The best part of this hotel is the staff. They were unobtrusive but always exceedingly helpful. They steered us toward excellent restaurants every time we asked. Our only wish was that the upstairs bar stayed open later, but we would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eblana
<Content>Quirky, charming and excellent service We spent one week here in early April - my first trip to NY (second trip for bf). Our very delayed flight from South Carolina meant we arrived very late, to be greeted on the sidewalk by charming bellhop who whisked away our bags. The reception desk staff were delightful - welcoming, jokey and still professional. They offered us a glass of wine, but when we reached our room we discovered a whole bottle of prosecco. Was that ever welcome! We then went to seek food, and got a load of recommendations for fast-fooderies within a block or so, and ate well. Our stay continued in this vein.The breakfasts were ample and delicious (but no pancakes or waffles - a bit of a disappointment). The pastries and toasted bagels were excellent (we loved the concord grape jelly), and the vast range of drink-as-much-as-you-like teas, coffees and hot and cold drinks generally was very welcome. Especially since one could return during the day, to the same room (the library/breakfast room/wine-zone), and top up on cakes and coffee (or whatever one fancied).Each evening at 5-ish for a couple of hours was a free wine (including more prosecco) and cheese/nibbles feast. We took good advantage. We also took the opportunity to borrow books to read during our stay, and also borrowed a movie (on DVD) one night (that night we also got the hotel to order us in a take-away - the ultimate luxury in many ways).The hotel is really well-placed for all the mid-town sites, and a couple of minutes stroll from Grand Central (excellent oyster bar). Our whole trip to the US was 3 weeks, so after a few days in NY we used the laundry service to get some clean clothes, and this was excellent - very beautifully presented clothes were returned to us, and the cost was not excessive.I would definitely try to stay here again if returning to NY. Our bedroom was pretty small, but everything fitted, and the beds were extremely comfy. The free slippers are still going (a couple of months on), and the bathroom was well-designed. We heard no noise from other rooms. There was a little street noise (if I remember rightly, we faced onto 41st and there was construction going on opposite) but not enough to be annoying.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funfor4
<Content>nothing wrong here!! I loved this hotel! My husband and I were in New York, without kids, for a long w/e and we had a blast. At check-in, the front desk was so nice and had maps and great info for us. Our room was beautiful, we did go for the suite, so the extra room was nice, we definitly were not expecting anything huge, and from previous reviews were expecting even smaller, but we thought a good size for new york city! the wine and cheese was awesome, I ate/drank so much the first night I couldn't eat at at the restaurant we had reserved! Breakfast also great, people in the reading room (where everything is served) were so polite and the drinks and food were always fresh and plentiful. If something was running low, they would tell us it would be right out and it was! The bar on the 14th(?) floor was Crazy busy the 2 times we tried to go up, but what do you need that for when you have wine on the 2nd floor? Location rocked, we walked everywhere, probably saw about 10% of the city but loved every minute! Would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SanchoPanza07
<Content>Great hotel in an ideal location I have just returned from 4 nights at the Library Hotel and absolutely loved it. The hotel is in an excellent position being well connected to subway and bus routes but also within easy walking distance of many major sights and attractions: Empire State (10 mins), Library and Bryant Park (1 min), Grand Central (3 mins), Chrysler Building (5 mins), Times Square (10 mins), Rockefeller Plaza (15 mins). You really feel right in the centre of the action while the hotel itself is welcoming and relaxing.The hotel is beautifully furnished throughout and with great attention to detail. The bedroom was on the smaller side but this was in no way a problem and in any case I was barely in there! Bathroom was lovely and bed extremely comfortable. The 2nd floor reading room is very nice and the 14th floor terrace bar and conservatory are a real bonus as it鈥檚 a great opportunity to have a drink in the open air. The team of staff were charming and very helpful both before arrival and during my stay.Breakfast was good (pastries, bagels, fruit, cereal, yoghurt etc) and free coffee and pastries were available throughout the day. In the evening on weekdays there is also a complimentary wine and cheese reception in the 2nd floor reading room which is brilliant for unwinding after a long day sight-seeing. I can also recommend the Madison  Vine restaurant on the corner of the hotel; good food and great staff.Overall, the hotel benefits from being smaller than others as there are some great personal touches, quality can remain high throughout and the atmosphere is friendly. As a solo female traveller I was extremely comfortable at the hotel and also staying in that area of the city. I would certainly stay there again on any return trip to the city. Excellent.鈥?and New York is fantastic, definitely worth a visit!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CatherineDallas_TX
<Content>Great location, staff and peace and quiet. We stayed at the Library Hotel for four nights over the Memorial Day holidays and could not have been more pleased with our accommodations. It was like staying at a good friends home where you have access to their cookies, chesse, wine, coffee and tea's when you feel like it. The rooms were very accommodating as we are from Dallas where everything is bigger and they managed to place comfort and everything possible that we might need into a very pleasant space. I truly believe that this is the place to stay for singles, couples and women visiting NYC. We could not have enjoyed our stay in NYC any more. Make sure that you ask them for discount coupons to many of the NYC events.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tataTreviso
<Content>Peaceful paradise My wife and I had the pleasure to stay in the Library hotel in NYC from May 21st to May 28th 2008.I never thought that could ever exist such a hotel like this in the hearth of the capital of the world. The hotel is small, but it鈥檚 full of charm and sophistication. It seems like be at home. The treatment is discreet but full of nice facilities and services that are running every day at every time of day. Breakfast, free wine tasting, food and beverages, books, classical music, just to mention few of many other nice thing.The stuff is really polite and helpful. Rooms are extremely clean and tidy. I鈥檇 suggest for sure this hotel to all my acquaintances.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ron055
<Content>The Library Hotel was the perfect place The Library Hotel is in a great location, with a wonderful staff. Public transporation 1 block away. We stayed in NYC from 5/16/08 - 5/23/08.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJPEN
<Content>Check out the Library Beautiful building, ideal location, lovely decor, relaxing atmosphere, and friendly staff (especially those in the Reading Room). Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Dani_y_Lae
<Content>Pedacito de Cielo!       Library Cafe  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WirralMandi
<Content>Loved the Library!! 5 star.       view from rooftop garden  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hhhgift
<Content>Very glad we stayed here We spent three nights at the Library Hotel in May and have only great things to say. The hotel is well situated in midtown within walking distance to alot of shopping, dining, and theatre. Catch the subway one block away at Grand Central Station or if you prefer hail a cab. The room was a good size with room to move around. The bed was very clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was beautifully tiled and sparkling. The hotel includes a complimentary breakfast that was quite good and have wine and cheese from 5pm to 8 pm every night (also complimentary). The lounge is always open for coffee and tea. We found the staff top notch. They were always polite, well prepared and ready to help us with phone calls and a club booking.The area is busy and noisy at night as there is always some construction or something going on. My husband needed ear plugs to sleep at night. That's the city for you. Be prepared. If you are looking for a small hotel that looks to your comfort you won't be disappointed with the Library.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kibrisjason
<Content>Great Stay at The Library Stayed here for 3 nights in the room named as Fairy tales and i must say that it was a great hotel, the staff at the front desk were always very helpfull and there was always a nice hello from the staff when you got back from a hard days shopping/sight seeing.They offer great breakfasts here as well in a room that gives you great views along Madison ave. The hotel restaurant down stairs on the street was a good place to eat and have a gin and tonic to watch the street life. The rooms were imaculately presented and could not be faulted.The only thing i did not like was the cost of the hotel as it was in my opinion expensive 拢250=$500 ish per night, but hey you get what you pay for.If you are considering where to stay in NY, just book this and you will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fionaFt_Lauderdale
<Content>Loved this hotel and enjoyed every moment of our stay. Excellent hotel and staff. This was our second stay within a matter of months. The accommodations and staff are both exceptional. The staff always goes out of their way to make the customer welcome and any request for service is never too great.We went this second time to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel staff and mgmt welcomed us with a complimentary bottle of champagne to help us celebrate this special occasion.The hotel services a complimentary morning breakfast, snacks all day and a wine and cheese event in the afternoon. This hotel is worth a visit. This will always be our first choice when visiting New York for business or pleasure.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scarlet_minx
<Content>An oasis of comfort It was my first time at The Library - the husband's 4th or 5th as he's stayed there on business before. We stayed a week in 001Modern History on the 9th Floor and this elicits my only negative comment. Now, I know they were pretty full (and we had to be reassigned a couple of days before arriving from the single petite that the husband's daft business travel agent had booked for him!) but they did know it was our 15th anniversary and I just don't feel prominently displayed books on Nazism and the 1st World War, and portraits of fascist dictators and Neville Chamberlain above the bed really help foster a romantic atmosphere. But having said that all the rooms are pretty similar in decor, it's just the pictures and books, so having popped the gory war analysis out of plain sight I just tried not to eyeball Neville everytime I got into bed. Negatives over - the rooms are small and expensive, yes it's New York - yadda yadda yadda... BUT worth it for the comfort and joy of having a decent sized well-lit bathroom with actual surfaces that you can put things down on and the little extras like the cheese and wine or prosecco in the evening; cawffee and tea and biscuits on tap; and the communal spaces including a wonderful little outside roof terrace. Decent hot shower, good quality toiletries (love that scrub soap), robes and slippers, dvd's and takeaway delivered to your door, and the gloriously friendly, charming and informative staff (special mention to Igor and the lovely lady in the Reading Room studying child pyschology) - what more could you want from a midtown hotel? Okay so I agree with other posters about the comedy shower curtains (too short and they stick to you like wet tissue) and girlie issue - please can we have a full length mirror somewhere? Oops more negatives - I lied but that's positively it! Loved it here would be happy to stay anytime so I hope this review doesn't mean we can't get a room next time!! Oh and make sure you make time for a Hemingway cocktail in the bar...  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Arthmonster
<Content>Very Good but doesn't quite live up to the hype We booked a Junior King Suite (the most expensive room they have) several months in advance and as it was my 40th Birthday, we specifically asked for the Love Room (due to the great reveiws here on TA), but gave 3 other alternatives in case that wasn't available. We checked back a few days before arrival to see whether we had been allocated that particular room and got a non committal answer along the lines of we can't guarantee anything but we'll bear it in mind. We were quite disappointed therefore on arrival to be given room 406 (ancient languages) which wasn't even one of our 3 alternantives, and bearing in mind the many tales on here about people getting upgrades without even asking we were a little miffed to get such a low floor (with the added noise that brings). However, on the plus side our room was nearly ready when we arrived at 1030am and we were offered the chance to wait in the Reading Room and have breakfast while it was finished. That was great, but the breakfast room was absolutely packed and there was nowhere to sit, so we trekked back to reception!Again, on the plus side, we were immediately offered help with our bags both on checking in and checking out. When we got to our room we were pretty happy. For a suite it was certainly on the small side, but for NY probably quite spacious. I do wonder though how tiny some of the other rooms must be. However, the room was well appointed, the bed was super comfy, the room and bathroom spotless, and there was a bottle of sparking wine left for us along with a birthday card. The 14th floor area and roof garden was closed for a private function on the day we arrived, but open later that evening and we noticed that many people took their breakfast trays up there, presumably because the reading room on the 2nd floor was too busy. They should perhaps consider putting a few more tables in to the Reading Room, as there is plenty of space, or maybe a breakfast bar with stools along the window. Or they could shift breakfast to the more spacious 14th floor. Maybe it's a mistake to have a room where the ambiance makes people want to linger, when the relatively few tables make it essential that there's a quick turnaround at breakfast time. The quality of the continental breakfast (pastries, fresh fruit etc) and wine/cheese in the evening was good. There was also free wifi and a couple of PCs with printer access, which was useful for printing airline boarding passes. We've also stayed in their sister hotel The Casablanca, and on balance probably preferred that to the Library. At the moment this hotel is rating number 3 of all the hotels in NY. Whilst it's very good, I can't believe there are only 2 places that people think are better overall.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>catecath
<Content>If you like boutique/special hotels, you'll likely love this They gave me an upgrade to a King room for the Queen price as they were sold out of Queen and I really did not want the twin size/Petite bed so that was a good start :) Just there for a sat. eve meeting a friend from out of town - I am in DC. I have wanted to stay here for a LONG time and it's always booked so I was excited about this stay. It's clean, beautiful, very comfy and cozy. The rooftop garden is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC - 5 stars for that! Lovely 2nd floor has books on various subjects, comp. breakfast/wine for happy hr and is really great for just hanging out 24/7. The bedroom itself was large as I understand it's recognized as a jr. suite. The bathroom was clean, modern, for NY, fine in size. It's just a nice modern layout with the book selection being great. My biggest problem is that the view overlooks 41st St and with the blinds, you'll get quite a bit of light in. Also, I had expected more comfy beds - the mattress is quite hard. I've stayed in other hotels, same price level with comfort/style levels being much more comfortable bed wise. otherwise, it's great! ipod speakers in room which was also enjoyed by me :) But you know, they give you a lot of comps - wifi and the happy hr/breakfast so it could be worse :)  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lollyflashpants47
<Content>Disappointed - Didn't live up to the rave reviews-Ignored our honeymoon First off I'll say that this is a nice hotel in a good location with mostly pleasant staff. However based on the rave reviews here on Trip Advisor I really expected more - something memorable and special.I read numerous stories here of people being upgraded randomly to nicer rooms and stories of the hotel somehow having a special dessert delivered from themselves when a couple was out at a restaurant. It sounded pretty good to me and seeing as we were staying there as part of our honeymoon (which they were aware of) I thought we might stand a chance of some special treatment? I was wrong. They didn't even congratulate us at all or even mention it the entire time we stayed with them!!! I was really disappointed. People wait their whole lives for the one-off experience and the perks of a honeymoon, even if just for the friendly congratulations you usually get. I have stayed in a lot of nice hotels and even in some less pricey hotels around the world and most of those hotels made some effort even if it was just one of our birthdays. At the Library Hotel our honeymoon was completely ignored. I even mentioned on the sign in form where it asks what was the purpose of your stay and the guy at the desk checking us in did not even mention it. It just seemed very cold and impersonal. I felt embarrassed that I had booked this place as I really talked the place up to my husband beforehand and yet it was nothing really special.I booked the hotel months in advance and had made a simple request for a quiet room on a high floor. We were just given the 4th floor (out of 14 floors) so I asked if there was any possibility to move to a higher floor. Eventually the guy at the desk said there was one other room (on the 6th floor) we could move to because the couple it was allocated for had not checked in yet and had made no special room requests. This really annoyed me as it meant that this room was available and they just chose not to give it to us even though we had made a special request months in advance. I'll note here by the way that we are a very friendly couple and are not abrasive in any way so there's no way we would have rubbed them the wrong way.Also I could not believe it but no one even offered to help us with taking our luggage up to our room!!! We had just arrived off a very long flight and were wrecked but they just watched us haul everything ourselves as they chatted at the front desk!!! It was really awkward and once again I was embarrassed for booking this place. Anyway we ended up on the 6th floor. The room was ok but quite small. The roof garden on the 14th floor was really nice but on all 3 occasions that we tried to go up and enjoy it we could not as it was booked for private functions!!! That was disappointing also.As well, we made a call to the front desk on the day we were checking out to ask to borrow a scale as we needed to weigh and balance our luggage ahead of our flight. I was surprised that they did not have one at all anywhere in the hotel.Anyway, that's it. I still feel let down by the experience. The hotel has its good points certainly but having a personal touch and some feeling of caring are also key and they did not have this at all. I wish I had booked somewhere else as I found better deals online at nice hotels in NYC after I booked initially but I didn't switch based on all the rave reviews. Think twice about what you're looking for before you book.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>ClubVoyage
<Content>A charming gem in Mid Town NYC. The hotel caters to all possible interests by arranging the floors and rooms according to the Dewey Decimal System of book classification. We stayed in 7.01 which is Architecture; the room has a wonderful supply of books including an invaluable guide to New York skyscrapers. The room is a good size and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom is spacious and has a good supply of the all the essentials.The Library manages to create a feel of a home from home. One can almost imagine that one is the guest of a very wealthy friend in Manhattan. In the 2nd floor art deco style reading room you can enjoy complimentary cheese and wine as well as coffee.Breakfast is a relaxed affair with fresh juices and a good selection of bagels. pastries and cereals. Complimentary copies of the New York Times is provided.Make sure you take advantage of staying two minutes walk from Grand Central Station and indugle in a cocktail whilst people watching; it is fabulous.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>kkmena
<Content>WOW amazing hotel We stayed in The Library Hotel for the final night of our honeymoon. The check in was very efficient and the receptionist was genunine and friendly. As this was the final night of our honeymoon they had upgraded us to the Love Room which made the final night of our honeymoon very special. The room was beautiful and the balcony provided a lovely view to sit and enjoy New York.The bed was really comfy and they had a bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us. The complimentary contiental breakfast was lovely and had a good selection of fresh items which were regularly refilled. The free tea, coffee and pastries throughout the day was also another lovely touch.The hotel has lots of lovely touches which make it that little bit more special.Had we known it was going to be this good we would of stayed here for all of our stay in New York. If we return to NY we will defintiely book to stay here again.Book this hotel if you are going to NY it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DreamTraveller28
<Content>Best boutique hotel I've stayed in This is honestly one of the best hotels you will find in any city. The attention to detail is incredible and the staff are the nicest team of people I have ever encountered. They really cannot do enough for you and went out of their way to help - looking places up, calling to make reservations, printing out maps - literally everything you needed, they were happy to do.The rooms are carefully considered and whilst compact, do not feel oppressive. They are spotlessly clean and the bathrooms are lovely.The location is unbeatable, right next to Grand Central so easy to get anywhere on the subway, but we walked everywhere, because it was so easy from where we were.The countless supply of books and the welcoming bar and reading room mean its tempting not to leave the hotel but just sit and drink coffee, raid the ever-present supply of muffins and pastries, and read one of the thousands of books! But there was too much of New York to see to allow that!Wouldn't even consider another hotel for my next trip - it has to be The Library.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thefoureyedpanda
<Content>Interesting hotel but can麓t see how it makes the top of the list I spent 5 nights at The Library Hotel given the very positive reviews here. I cannot fault them for false advertising, what they call a petite room in the website is really minuscule. Bathroom is adequate for New York and amenities are non-descript. If you are a bookworm it is very nice to have a library available in the hotel and I have to say that even the selection in the room was of high quality. Breakfast, happy hour offered in the 2nd floor were a nice experience, not cheap but also not exaggerated.Service is nothing special, mostly polite and efficient with the exception of one employee. So 1 out of 3 in my experience not making the cut for New York (a place that I usually do not have high expectations in term of service). I don麓t see the reason to stay at this hotel given that much better alternatives are available in this price range, perhaps a bit more expensive but just the fact that you are not in a closet sized room more than compensate for that.It would be a great place if they had half the number of rooms.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Matchhols
<Content>The best Hotel in New York       Our_room_12th_Floor  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessiej
<Content>The Library, tranquility in the heart of New York The Library Hotel lives up to the reviews on tripadvisor. It really is a gorgeous small hotel and we looked forward to returning to our room each day. The breakfast and snacks offered throughout the day were excellent, we often made the most of the free wine and cheese in the afternoon - an added little touch that makes the Library unique. Its location is another bonus, in the heart of midtown and just around the corner from Grand Central Station - yet, rather surprisingly we couldn't hear the hussle and bussle in our room and slept soundly each night. Our room was lovely, no complaints and very clean - the staff have to be some of the best around and if you need some good, honest advice on where to eat, drink or dance the night away the team on reception are ever-so helpfull.One slight grumble was the the mini-bar recorded everytime something was moved around in the fridge as a 'sale' so we had to spend 15mins on check-out going through a rather long itemised bill explaining that we hadn't consumed any of its contents - but this was a minor grumble. We would definitely stay at the Library on our next trip to the city.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Domenicaa
<Content>Wonderful hotel in a great part of Manhattan The Library is not just for bibliophiles although book lovers should take special pleasure in selecting a room based on the Dewey Decimal System. The hotel has a great location near the glorious Grand Central Station and is within walking distance of the New York Public Library and other midtown attractions. I loved the Library for its high style and comfy accommodations. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>juliask28
<Content>An enchanting experience My stay at the library hotel was amazing! Each room has a different genre, in the room there is a great collection of books that follow the genre of the room. Each room pretty much looks the same, the only diffence was the books. The staff was a dream come true, they didn't talk to my eleven year old datughter like she was two, they talked to her like they talked to me. They were friendly and helpful. We are from New York City and didn't need any information on things, so I am not sure how there concierge service is. On the second floor they have free coffee, breakfast and snacks which was great. They also have a outdoor area where you can sit and read on the top floor. This hotel isn;t big and is a botique hotel which we also loved. On top of all that it is located in a great spot, Madison and 41st street. Without a doubt, stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Kerjam
<Content>Amazing wedding venue!       A few wedding pics in the beautiful Reading Room!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tibbygirl
<Content>Perfect!       Awesome shower!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>VABean
<Content>Perfect I stayed at this hotel over Christmas 2007 and it was perfect. The rooms and hotel were very peaceful and made our trip a very relaxing stress free vacation. It was a perfect location to walk to the shows and dinner. We couldn鈥檛 have asked for a better hotel or location in NYC. Keep up the good work!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Justlookinaround
<Content>What a great place This is a bit belated but I wanted to write something to say how wonderful a hotel this is.We stayed for an extended weekend just before Christmas and it was perfect. The staff was friendly, the room was spotless, the bathroom amenitites were top notch, and the bed was comfortable.Great free snacks and coffee in the clubby feeling lounge.Front desk/concierge was great in making calls to restaurants we already had reservations for in order to get us extra special treatment (it worked). Perfectly located. Can't wait to head back next Christmas.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joe57
<Content>I have already recommended this hotel - and that says a lot We visited NYC for what was basicly a first time to The Big Apple as a tourist. We wanted a central location, actually a top priority, and this was as good a central location you can find. Easy walking to Times Sq, Madison Sq Garden, Empire St Bldg. And having the Grand Central on the other side of the block means you have direct access to subway network to reach any other sites.The hotel experience itself was also a near-spotless performance on the part of the Library. The people we met were friendly and helpful. The room, incl. bed, cleanliness, views and size, was very good. The A/C-heating, however, is not noiseless, to put it polite. when everthing else is fine, such things can become an issue. This is the only negative remark I'm going to need to make. Overall, everything you read in the reviews here is there: and yes, we did like to come by during the day and sit in the quiet comfort of our very own club, the Reading Room, with refreshments and of course, for me it was the NYT.There is always the risk that having acquired such a reputation, the management or personnel are tempted to slip from the standard they have set for the hotel. Let's hope this doesn't happen. If they keep it this way (and do not raise the prices any higher) many more visitors will be happy with the Library and the hotel is a continued success.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Flee2theCleve
<Content>Truly lovely hotel, excellent stay Had a deluxe queen room for 2 nights at the Library. Very friendly and helpful staff, excellently clean rooms/grounds. Amenities such as free wine/cheese reception in evenings and free cont. brkfst help soften the blow of $399 rooms. excellent location. I contacted this hotel to help me get restaurant reservations for a large dining party during my stay and they helped me immensely, before they even saw me in their hotel. It POURED rain during our stay, they had generous umbrellas for their guests, just excellent attention to detail. I would highly recommend this hotel and its comfortable beds. They also had a clock w/ ipod docking station that surprised and delighted me! Rooms are a nice size for NYC, definitely not ridiculously small and the bathrooms were quite nice as well.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>svnBelgium
<Content>excellent hotel, great service the library hotel is a unique hotel in a great city. its small scale (about 60 rooms) is a boost to service in a city where some hotels take up entire city blocks. You instantly feel welcome upon arrival, the staff may be young, they are very friendly and will do their best to make you feel at home. Our room was a decent size, and well equipped. The hotels serves complimentary breakfast (including newspapers), rare in new york if i am not mistaken. Coffee and juice are available throughout the day, and every evening there is complimentary aperitive: wines, cheese and crackers are served from 5pm to 8pm. A perfect moment of relaxation when you come back from a day in the city, and the perfect stop before going out to find a restaurant. Great location, too, just off grand central station (subway connections) and times square. Great hotel! We are already saving for our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>brooklynbs
<Content>Very Nice Indeed I stayed at Library Hotel this past Sunday night and I was very pleased with the experienced.I actually live in Brooklyn, so I wasn't exactly coming in from out-of-town. What I wanted was a one-night stay in Manhattan in order to recharge my batteries. I work long hours, often from home, and when I actually have a day off, I find myself drifting back towards my desk to work. As such, I literally needed to get out of my own home in order to get some rest and peace. I chose Library Hotel based, in part, on what I read on TripAdvisor and I got the recharge that I needed.The hotel is very nicely done. It's modern, but not in an in-your-face kind of way. The staffers I encountered were exceptionally nice and helpful. My room (including bathroom) and all the common areas were spotless. The wine  cheese reception was a nice touch. I slept in and didn't partake in the breakfast. The 14th floor bar was closed because it was Sunday (as was room service, which is fine because I know the restaurant and I'm not impressed by it), but you could lounge up in the bar area if you wanted and it looked like a fine place to enjoy a cocktail. I got a pretty fair rate directly through the hotel because it was a Sunday and this is a rather slow time of year.The only drawbacks I could see is that the rooms are small. I stayed in a Junior King Suite and it was easily the smallest suite I've ever stayed in. I, however, knew this going in so I wasn't very concerned and the room itself was fine. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the shower pressure was excellent. The bathtub was not huge, but I'm a big man and I fit in it without a problem.Here's who I think would absolutely love Library Hotel: Bookworms (obviously); travelers who prefer a boutique hotel experience versus a high-end chain; travelers looking for a quiet alternative to other mid-town locations; and, people who enjoy staying in at night at least once during their stay (the common spaces, DVD library, stacks of books, etc. provide plenty of free entertainment, plus there's the nice lounge upstairs).I probably wouldn't stay at Library Hotel again, but that's because I live here and the next time I vacation in Manhattan, I'll look for something higher up the luxury scale and with more amenities (a bigger room being the biggest thing). However, I will and have already recommend it to my friends who come for a visit and want to stay somewhere nice, a little bit different and in a good location.Library Hotel gets high marks and their rating on TripAdvisor is well-deserved.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cdcart
<Content>The Library is the perfect read I have stayed in many boutique hotels in the city, but the Library Hotel has to the one that has impressed me the most. The staff is gracious and friendly. the public rooms are extremely well maintained to the point it felt like I had visited on opening weekend. Breakfast, Snacks, and wine and cheese throughout the day in the 2nd floor Reading Room is a great bonus to your room rate. The location is perfect for those that do not like to walk outside the front door of their hotel into a steady stream of people (Times Square), but also want a location with many walkable dinner options and close enough to the entertainment as well. I walked easily to see a couple plays and to a few Zagat highly rated restaurants.Do NOT let the price scare you, this is not one of those hotels that you will feel you did not get your money's worth. This is a beautiful space that you will not want to leave and you will be recommending to your friends.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LizzeeNY
<Content>A reader's delight My husband and I live in a county not too far from Manhattan and work only a block or two away from this hotel. Our plan was for a weekend to enjoy the city, instead of only working in it. We are both avid readers and The Library Hotel was the perfect atmosphere. We enjoyed the ambiance and the infamous Love Room was delightful. The staff was charming and very accommodating, but to tell the truth, we aren't the demanding sort. Breakfast is continental, but fine for most purposes and the Rooftop Garden Lounge is just perfect for that pre dinner drink. We'll be back soon, I hope.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bayarddc
<Content>Sharing a room with Lowell and Frost Superb little hotel a block from Grand Central. The Library has a cheerful staff, impeccably clean rooms, and lovely public spaces. Breakfast is good, although perhaps could be better in a place of this caliber. Access to an expresso machine all day long is no small amenity. Open wine bar starting at 5 pm, with drinkable white (but ghastly red). The room bookshelves each take a theme: the 'poetry' room, on the 8th floor, contains the works of Robert Lowell, of Frost, of Pound, and many others. It's a single, small but tidily arranged. A third party arranged my stay: at the posted average price of $400+, one has to wonder; at the special price of the mid $200s, available on some websites, it's surely the best bargain in midtown Manhattan.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrew030
<Content>Excellent This must rank amongst my best hotel experiences.As other reviewers have noted, the location is excellent: half way down Madison Av between Central Park and the Financial District and only a couple of blocks away from the big department stores. It is also close to local subway links.The reception and bell staff were friendly, responsive and very helpful. The rooms are all themed. My room was very small, but that did not matter because the communal rooms in the hotel were such that you'd incline to spend time there... the bistro looked very nice, although I didn't try it. Free drinks and breakfast were served on the second floor - itself a nice library. The so called roof garden and designers den exceeded all expectations. I only visited late in the evening: it was intimately lit, just the sort of place you might take a date to I guess; the cocktails were excellent and the bar staff equally so. The bedroom (and the bed) itself was comfortable; the shelves stuffed full with books. Nice little touches like chocolates and weather forecasts appeared by the bed in the evening; there was an iPod player; a CD/DVD, complimentary DVD hire and a well stocked mini bar.Would certainly go back. It perhaps lacks the facilities of the big chain hotels, such as a swimming pool and a gym, but the ambiance of the hotel, the room, the staff, the decor and the communal areas more than made up for it.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kjfpilot
<Content>Great location! The location is close to subways but I wish we chose something more in midtown. Our room had a very warm modern design. The staff we encountered were responsive and courteous. We dined outside the hotel because there were so many nice neighborhood options.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	5	4	3	3	

<Author>gratt10
<Content>the real new york library We booked (sorry) the library hotel for our last two nights of our honeymoon. The staff and the room were fantastic. In my initial email I stated that it was to be our last two nights and they upgraded us to the love room which has a balcony overlooking madison avenue and with partial views of the real new york library. Nothing was ever too much and Bill, thank you for getting the pizza's when we arrived too late for the two very nice restaurants next door. We tried the pera the next night, which was turkish/mediteraean food. It was lovely, although a touch expensive overall. My wife baulked at the cost of the library originally, but by the end of it, she agreed that t was well worth it. Great location, romantic and accomodating. Thank you all at the library.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PoodleMaus
<Content>Library Hotel Exceeds All Expectations! The Library Hotel is a gem, or perhaps a poem. I stayed for three nights while visiting family and attending the dog show and every interaction I had with a staff member was positive and friendly. The hotel's public areas (the second and fourteenth floors) and private rooms are spotlessly clean, well designed, and very attractive. The Library theme is charming and fun for anyone who has ever used the Dewey Decimal system. I will never stay anywhere else in New York City and I am already looking forward to booking my next visit.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WitsendManchester_UK
<Content>New Yorks Gem Long before we arrived at the hotel, our questions were being answered promptly via email. On arrival at the Library Hotel, we were met by extremely helpful reception staff, who not only take pride in their hotel but are keen to promote NY on the whole. The room was spotlessly keen, had everything we needed and more and was remarkably quiet considering the constant city traffic that was ever present outside.The breakfast set us up for the day and the hotel staff were keen to advise on what to see, how best to get around and to suggest various places to eat.Booking tickets for events was never too much trouble and we had the best seats in the house at Carnegie Club on Saturday Evening.All in all, we are more than happy to write this review, recommend the hotel and look forward to visiting again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonD_M
<Content>Greatest service ever! My wife and I stayed at The Library Hotel for 4 nights. In that short period of time, the staff made us feel like we were family. The attention to detail and the exceptional warm and friendly staff made our stay the perfect experience. We were surprised with things such as a VIP desert being delivered to our table at Uncle Jacks Steakhouse compliments of the hotel when we didn't even think they knew where we were going to eat.In summary, We both agree that travelling would be perfect if every city we travelled to had a Library Hotel!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PriscillaEngland
<Content>Excellent Outstandingly comfortable with a very personal atmosphere, staff very friendly without being intrusive. Reception staff most helpful with any type of query, rooms first rate and so good to stay in a small hotel so close to the museums/art galleries/shops and central park. Also having refreshments available at all times a real bonus in such relaxing surroundings  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hollywd
<Content>Great for a weekend getaway! We work in NYC, but live in northern NJ, so as a Christmas gift to my husband, I arranged a Saturday night's stay in the Library Hotel. It was great to see New York from the tourist perspective, as opposed to the daily grind, and the Library Hotel offered a lot of bang for the buck!The Library Hotel was a beautiful, serene place filled with loving details. We stayed in the Fairy Tale room, which had all sorts of delightful children's books to peruse, as well as corresponding framed prints on the walls. We loved the wine and cheese before dinner, received a complimentary bottle of prosecco in our room (since we're newlyweds), and feasted on the delicious breakfast and read the New York Times the following morning. I loved the bath amenities, and the robes and slippers were perfect.It's difficult to make full use of a hotel in one night, but I feel we really got our money's worth. I'm glad I picked this hotel for our romantic weekend.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Missie99
<Content>Library Hotel - stay there! Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. The location is as good as it gets for NYC, the rooms are small but perfectly formed, the staff are pleasant, the breakfast is lovely...the hardest part was convincing yourself to leave it every morning!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lullabelle
<Content>Amazing serivce and beautiful hotel This hotel was everything that it promised to be, and more. The location is fantastic, right around the corner from Grand Central Station. It is situated in a beautiful brownstone building on the corner of Madison and 41st, and the interior is just as elegant as it look on the website. The second floor lounge is a great place to relax after a hard day, the hotel provides free wine and cheese there every evening from 5 - 8pm and you can just grab a good book, rest your feet and enjoy the surprsingly good wine and prosecco on offer. Breakfast is also served in the second floor lounge and is quite basic, but certainly does the job - especially in city where most hotels are room only. There is a good choice of cereals, bagels, buns, pastries, sweet or savoury spreads, eggs, delicious fruit salad, juices, and different flavours of tea and coffee. We requested the room that we wanted in advance and were told that staff cannot promise any particular rooms in advance - however, we were lucky and got our first choice anyway. As most other reviews have pointed out the rooms here are tiny, but they are perfectly formed and very comfortable. We were on the 9th floor and you could hear traffic noise, but this is a small boutique hotel in New York City, you expect to hear some noise and the benefits more than make up for the small room and the traffic noise.Perhaps the greatest asset of this hotel are the staff, they booked restaurants and attraction tickets for us, nothing was too much trouble. Everyone was so friendly and helpful and gave a very personal service. We would definitely stay here again, and recommend it to anyone visiting New York. A general tip for getting around in New York, don't be afraid to use the Subway, especially staying so close to Grand Central. It was much easier and cleaner than we expected and at $24 for a week pass it was by far the best way to get around. In the evenings we caught cabs everywhere - but they are also much cheaper than we expected and easy to just flag down (but make sure you know the address of anywhere you are going - not one driver we had could have got to restaurant just on its name)  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paulineDublin
<Content>book for life Myself and the hubby are fairly seasoned travellers and with work I have to stay in hotels on a monthly basis, so 1 hotel begins to look like the rest, well not so here. The hotel itself is very unique in style and has a 14th floor that would entise you to not move from the hotel for the length of your entire stay (fire at night, conservatory and outdoor eating area) The rooms in the hotel are smaller than normal but it really cant be the reason not to stay here. Hotel is extremely clean and its location is extremely central to pretty much everything in New York (one block away from grand central station). Above everything we cant say enough about the staff, extremely friendly and more helpful than I could ever credit them for (and not in an overbearing cheesey way). Its my 3rd time in NY and we both agree if we go again, we will book here again. The breakfast is included and the coffees great!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chiine
<Content>Lovely hotel and staff, except for hotel room ventilation/heating system Our party of three stayed five nights in a Jnr Suite at the Library Hotel in early January. We had made a room floor request when we booked through the hotel's website, but we did not get any of the three we requested. However, check in was smooth and quick. Room Accommodation:The Jnr Suite was adequate, though space was limited. We shifted the coffee table to the side and used the sofabed and also the king size bed. The king size bed was very comfortable, though the sofabed could have had a better mattress. The bathroom was a nice size with plenty of essential items including shoe shine, cottonbuds, and the usual soaps and shampoo etc. We also got two complimentary bottles of water in the bathroom each day. The street noise wasn't too bad from our 6th floor room. Our only negative with our stay was the psycho ventilation/heating system in our room - the first two nights were freezing and the last three nights were swelteringly hot. No matter how you adjusted the temperature control it did what it liked.Business centre and wi-fi:We brought our own laptop and found the free wi-fi access useful. And the room safe was big enough to securely store our laptop when we went out. We also used the free business cetnre on the 2nd floor which had a printer stocked with fresh paper. Very handy for online check-in and also printing out information for sightseeing etc.Reading Room, breakfast and refreshments:The 2nd floor Reading Room where breakfast and refreshments are served is fantastic. A brightly lit and well-furnished room that looks onto Madison Ave, and also down towards the NY Public Library. We used this room constantly as the Jnr Suite can get a little claustrophobic with three people. The breakfast is wonderfully prepared and presented, with a great selection for a continental breakfast, and the staff go our of their way to accommodate. Throghout the day you can also enjoy complimentary teas, coffees, pastries, biscuits, and fruits (usually apples, bananas and oranges). The wine and cheese is pretty good too - about 5 different kinds of cheeses, two choices of wine, grapes and bread, biscuits. The best thing is that you have a friend or family in NYC meeting you, they are welcome to enjoy the complimentary wine and cheese with you.Location:The location was good. Nice part of midtown away from the noise and hype around Times Square. Also good for transport on subway, cabs and buses. Easy walk to lots of sights as well. We didn't find any particularly good eating places around the Library Hotel, but we found it very convenient to use the Grand Central subway and cabs to go to better eating locations in Soho, Greenwich, Chinatown and the Meatpacking District.Other facilities:If youre a book lover you will find something to read... the selection wasn't as wide as I expected, but there are books scattered throughout the 2nd floor, lobby, in your room and in the Poetry Garden and Writer's Den on the 14th floor. The 14th floor was very cosy during the day and had a more hip feel when the bar was open in the evenings. Both areas were much much smaller than I expected. Complimentary bottled water on the 14th floor is a nice touch.Staff:Staff throughout our stay were polite and helpful. Some were more genuine than others. We really loved the ladies working on the 2nd floor who prepare all the food and refreshments.Stay again?:Would we stay here again... probably, yes.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>2009italy
<Content>attractive, comfortable, great location, terrific stay We celebrated my husband's 60th bday in NY, where he was born.Our family also booked into the Library - we were all very very pleased. The decor is simple and elegant - the staff are accommdating - the breakfast room and breakfast are wonderful - rooms smallish but gorgeous - bathrooms fantastic - the location was superb - the library theme was not Vegas-y or too cutesy. Our room was very very quiet. Prices are extremely competitive. Unless we win the Lotto we'll stay here every time we're in New York! Thank you, Library, for making the trip so great.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>S&K2007
<Content>Grand and Central We cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. We arrived after a long flight and subway journey, probably looking tired and dishevelled. We were greeted warmly by the staff and offered a glass of wine to be sent up to our room. Each room has a different theme, which adds to the individual touches that can be found throughout the hotel. Our room was wonderful; clean and modern with every thing you could want. The bed was fantastic 鈥?never slept so well. Lots of lovely little touches too 鈥?a turn down service with the next days weather report for example.Sadly, we were too busy taking in the city to take advantages of all the services the hotel offered, such as the rooftop bar and the wine and cheese events. However, we can fully recommend the delicious breakfast, served in the library. Free internet access is also available as are tea/coffee and cookies at any time. All the staff we met were a credit to the hotel. Very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. I felt they genuinely wanted to make your stay as pleasant as possible, rather than the false 鈥渉ave a nice day鈥?approach.The hotel is in an excellent location for all the major sites 鈥?just 5 mins walk from Grand Central station.We were really sorry to leave at the end of the trip, and if ever we go back to New York would definitely try to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rothenthurm
<Content>Extraordinary hotel I stayed in a petite single room at this extraordinary hotel in the middle of Manhattan from January 3 to 7. I loved everything about it and was surprised to find such a good deal in NYC. The free goodies like coffee (not just filter coffee!), tea, cakes and not to forget the wine and cheese offered in the evenings made my stay even more worthwile. The room was small but just perfect for a me alone and I liked the styling and the super nice bathroom. Every member of the staff was absolutely friendly and helpful. I'm definitely planning on going back to this great (small) hotel!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoobieLulu
<Content>Just got back and can't wait to return!! Arrived on a BA flight from LHR - JFK at 4.30pm and was checked through security and in a cab winging our way to the Library Hotel by 5.10pm, a quick 40 minute taxi ride with amazing city views (keep your eyes peeled just before you go into the midtown tunnel!) we arrived to a very warm welcome from Bill and the other staff at the Library.What a fab place, warm, friendly and comfortable, with good facilities and a relaxed and homely atmosphere. Our Queen deluxe room on the 8th floor was small but perfectly formed with a really comfy bed and everything we needed for our stay.Close to all the good sights, one morning we walked 30 blocks up to Central Park and back!! but MSG, Empire State, Rockafella Plaza etc are all within a 10-15 minute stroll! There is a bit of street noise between 8am-10pm (this is a bustling city after all) so if you are a light sleeper or nap in the afternoon i suggest asking for a high floor at the back of the hotel or taking ear plugs but it never bothered us, after a heavy day shopping and sight seeing we didn't have any trouble sleeping at night!!The 2nd floor lounge with all day free coffee, tea, cappuccinos and pastries, fruit and cookies was excellent for relaxing in and reading the days papers.I highly recommend the 2 minute walk to Pershing Square (opposite Grand Central Terminal) for the pancakes or brunch.. gorgeous!All in all a fab little hotel, we are sure to be back soon!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvthatmouse
<Content>Loved It!       Concept  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>peyles
<Content>A perfect haven in a manic city... We stayed at The Library for 4 nights over Christmas and it couldn't have been better.All the previous reviews were spot on - the rooms are good sized and well equipped for New York standards, the breakfast very good, the wine and cheese in the evenings excellent and the staff...well...quite exceptional, and possibly the best staff anywhere we've stayed. They helped organise our Christmas Day dinner at the River Cafe in Brooklyn, and we couldn't have been more pleased. If you ever need a romantic dinner in New York, check it out...!The location of the hotel is great too and you don't feel like you walk too far to get to all the major attractions (Times Square, 5th Avenue, Macy's etc.) and with Grand Central 2 blocks away, commuting around Manhattan is a breeze.All in all I can't recommend this hotel enough and if we ever return, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lessanne
<Content>My New Favorite in NYC!!! I have been wanting to stay at the Library Hotel ever since they opened and just got the chance due to a very reasonable discounted rate ($300 for a queen room) over the Christmas holiday. They did not disappoint!PROS:1. Fabulous staff - not just one or two but every single one. They were courteous, helpful and completely approachable in a friendly but not pushy way. They made us feel at home and I never felt as though we were bothering them as some hotel staff can make you feel. I don't often mention names in my reviews but these people were so stellar I must give them credit: Igor, Monique, Marlene, Manuela and especially Arman, the eminently polite bellman who seemed to work 24 hours a day while we were there. Sorry if I missed anyone - if you were working 12/24 - 12/27 you should be included in my cudos. One day it rained and Arman was at the door with beautiful umbrellas to hand out. Exceptional service and attention to detail. Owners - you have one terrific staff - be nice to them!2. The absolutely ingenious idea of a hotel based on the Dewey decimal system. It was very cool! I didn't get my requests of Fairy Tales or Paranormal but it was fun at check in to run through the choices until I found one I liked. I turned down Manufacturing, Dinosaurs and Libraries and ended up in Romance Languages. As much as I want to keep this gem my own little secret I haven't been able to stop myself from telling everyone about the design of this hotel. Awesome!3. The free (yes free) continental breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese that are available to all guests in the beautiful 2nd floor lounge. I had not a penny of additional charges on my bill when I checked out. I can't remember the last time that happened. So when you think the rate is too expensive don't forget to account for the free stuff.4. Rooms were beautiful although small, remember this is NY. My daughter and I had a queen room and it was just big enough. 5. Location is great at Madison and 41st right in the middle of everything.CONS: (These are more like minor suggestions and would never keep me from going back.)1. I was a little disappointed that the rooms were not more individualized. The only difference appears to be the handful of books specific to the room. You've got this great concept why not take it further and make the room more specific to the subject. At the very least there should be a lot more books in the room: on every surface and yes in the bathroom as well. You know, us readers like to read in there. 2. Madison and Vine restaurant was very expensive but only so-so. To be fair I am not sure the restaurant is even owned by the hotel so it's just a heads up. Best pizza I have ever had was right around the corner - I think it was called Bravo Pizza. 3. Regular rates are still a little on the expensive side even for NYC but I guess it's supply and demand...Well that's it. Believe me folks I travel a lot. I go to NYC about once a month for both business and pleasure and this hotel is the best I have ever been to in NYC. I will look forward to many more visits to this wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Padburydog
<Content>Amazing little hotel       Flowers and champagne on arrival  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>no1fcb
<Content>Impeccable as always My fourth time staying at The Library; that should tell you everything! Thanks Igor, for giving us exceptional service!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FreqLeisureTrav
<Content>Relaxing stay Arrived late on our first day and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly welcome from reception. Even though we arrived just after the wine and cheese had finished, we were offered a plate of cheese and wine in our room. The library on second floor was another haven, somewhere pleasant to hang out. Good selection of books around the hotel, tea, coffee, pastries and biscuits available 24/7. The location of the hotel made it convenient to drop in during the day in between various activities and have a short break and quick snack. Saved a fortune not frequenting Starbucks. Breakfast is described as continental which it is, bagels, Danish pastries, yoghurt, cereal, fruit salad, fruit, hot and cold beverages. Went at different times during stay and didn't have a problem with food availability as it was regularly refreshed. A knock on the kitchen door would get something that had just run out replenished. If you are expecting an American style breakfast and/or table service then plan to eat elsewhere. Stayed in two rooms types one the Petite Queen and the other the Deluxe Queen. Yes the rooms are small, but for short stay perfectly acceptable,clean and well laid out. I found the beds to be comfortable. If there are two of you and you like hanging your things up then the Petite Queen is not for you, as it only has a single closet. The Deluxe Queen has adequate closet space, on par with most hotels I've stayed in. The bathrooms have all that you need and the amenities provided are a nice touch. There is some noise from outside, but this is New York and I didn't find it intrusive. The heating was effective and relatively quiet. If you are used to radiator style heating systems you may be bothered by the noise of fan based heating system. There was a DVD player in the room and free DVD library, as we managed to pick a week when there were no movies out that we wanted to see, it was nice to catch up on some that we hadn't seen. Two computers with free internet and print facilities on the 2nd floor was also very handy.If you are arriving from JFK then the direct bus to Grand Central station one way $15 return $27 is worth considering as its only a 5 minute walk from the hotel to the stop. Much cheaper than the super shuttle and a bus every 20 mins or so.To summarise, I had a really good time, would stay again if I'm in New York.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Havlat
<Content>Will go back! We stayed at the library hotel just after New Year and it was a fantastic hotel. We loved the breakfast, the wine and cheese, the rooftop bar. The staff was attentive and courteous. The location is central in New York and very walkable to a lot of sites. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trek71
<Content>Loved the Library Hotel Stayed at the Library Hotel for New Year. Great location - one block from Grand Central and a 10 minute walk from Times Square. The deluxe room was clean with some nice touches (i-pod dock, chocolates, turn down). We have stayed in other New York Hotels and like the more quiet, intimate atmosphere of the Library Hotel. Contrary to a previous review, we did not have a problem at breakfast time with lack of food. We felt that the selection was fairly described on the hotel's website. The complimentary cheese and wine each evening is welcome. The staff were very helpful, especially when planning our transfer to the airport at 5pm when the New York taxis change shifts (the bus from Grand Central is much easier). The hotel restaurant, Madison  Vine, was adequate but nothing special compared to the great selection in New York. We would have rated the Library Hotel as a 5, but there was one negative. The hotel guests were not able to use the bar on New Year's Eve (this was reserved for people who had purchased tickets for the restaurant at $250). This was surprising, given that we had paid for the room and we presumed, the use of facilities for the duration of our stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danlamp
<Content>Perfect place for NY getaway... We have recently stayed at the Library for six nights and would highly recommend it.The room we stayed in (402) was perfectly presented, with ample space for the two of us and our three suitcases. The bathroom was larger than expected and spotlessly clean.The maid and turning down service were excellent, especially as they managed to turn our chaotic state of room back to its original pristine condition each day.The communal area on the 2nd floor is a perfect place to relax, grab a coffee, muffin etc. mid running around Manhatten and the wine / cheese evenings each night are a great start to an evening on the town.Breakfast was very good with all that you would expect from a basic continental buffet.All the staff were very helpful without being intrusive, and provided good advice on excursions / restaurants etc.Overall there is not anything significant to fault about this place and we will definitely stay here again when we come back to NYC.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TokyoSakura
<Content>I love this hotel I heard NY hotel rooms are so tiny, not clean, and staffs are not kind.But my preconception had gone when I could have a pleasant trip to USA with Library hotel.The room was small but comfortable, towels are new and clean, I couldn't find any dusts or hairs in the cleaned bathroom.staffs are frinendly, and breakfast was very good.I want to stay again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TraveladdictBrisbane
<Content>What a Great Find in New York! We recently had a fantastic stay at the Library Hotel - what a great find! It is cosy, quiet, welcoming and in the most fantastic location. The staff were friendly and helpful in every way. The rooftop terrace bar is the perfect place for a pre-dinner cocktail and the reading/breakfast room, which is also open for coffee/tea throughout the day and for pre-dinner drinks and snacks, has just the right mix of homeliness and luxury. In a city oozing with hotels this one should not be bypassed.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rothsberg
<Content>Best staff one could hope for I was really expecting big things from this hotel once l read all the great reviews. I must say the staff are ALL EXCEPTIONAL. They really are so helpful,extremely friendly and warm.The hotel is so central you couldn't wish for a better location. The only drawback l would say is the rooms and bed are sooooo small, but apart from that the rooms are very clean,well appointed. I would stay again without doubt but would make sure in a larger room.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saratriptaker
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon Destination       The Love Room with Erotica Package - Rose Petal Adornment  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caliwrldtrvlr
<Content>Horrible Beds; Uncaring Management I booked this hotel based on the great reviews here at trip advisor. This would be mine and my partner's third christmas in New York. We planned to stay seven nights. After our five hour flight, we checked into the hotel (Room 1201) and wanted to take a nap before enjoying the city. The room was tiny as mentioned in previous reviews (even smaller than other places you can stay in NYC) but overall adequate. However, we found the bed to be unbearably stiff and uncomfortable. The pillows also were flimsy and not nice. We realized that we would not enjoy our trip if we had to spend so many nights on such an uncomfortable bed. I have traveled all over the world and stayed in hotels from Europe, US and Australia. This ranks as one of the worst if not worst bed I have found. We decided to go over to the W Tuscany, which was much better. King size bed, heavenly bed, 31 LCD and room three times the size.The real disappointment came when dealing with the management. I didn't feel it was fair to pay the early departure fee. I can understand if we had not shown up or left early for no reason but we immediately told the front desk we did not like the bed. Well, after calling several times, and no one calling me back, Peter the general manager finally called me. He pretty much told me that he would not remove the charge, would talk to the owner and would call me back. I'm still waiting for that phone call. This should be a warning that if you don't enjoy your stay and want to leave, you will be charged and management won't care.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lolajd
<Content>Sad stay I wish that I can agree with the previous comments. However I can not say that I will return to this hotel again. Beautiful hotel small but clean rooms and the second floor is a plus.But the service just was not there. The front desk was snotty at times and not very accommodating. :-(  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>zulushark
<Content>Enjoyable night Only really stayed one night and it was a very nice Botique hotel. Staff were good and the room was in excellent condition.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Sevens14
<Content>Quite simply just the best My partner and I arrived at the end of November for a 3 night stay, after booking the hotel through 'Mr and Mrs Smith'. This was our first ever visit to New York and we were determined to have every aspect of our trip as perfect as possible, and The Library most definitely didn't disappoint.From the moment our taxi pulled up at the kerb we were made to feel incredibly welcome and the staff couldn't have been more accomodating or helpful.We had a deluxe queen on the 12th floor that couldn't be faulted. The bathroom was immaculate and the bed was one of the comfiest I have ever slept in. The quality of the pillows, duvet and linens didn't escape my notice and the Ipod docking station was also an appreciated touch. I concur with others that your first impression of the room is 'blimey, that's a bit small', but to be honest we didn't find it a problem. There was ample room for our suitcases, shopping bags and clothes, and to be frank if you're going for a romantic break away you want to be cuddled up close together don't you! The in-room hairdryer was better than I expected. My one from home actually didn't work as effectively and it was a complete waste of me taking it as the one provided was perfectly adequate.The location of The Library couldn't have been better placed and we were able to walk everywhere that we wanted to go, and after a heavy day pounding the pavements it is no exaggeration to say how fabulous it was to make our way to the 2nd floor for a glass or two of champagne or wine and a plateful of grapes, cheese and biscuits.As I have already said the staff really are what help to make this boutique hotel outstanding. Sadly for me, I got caught short 'red flag' wise on our first night and after an initial panic I donned the fluffy white bathrobe from the bathroom and padded down to reception at approx 4am. The guy behind the desk immediately put me at ease and thankfully had a secret stash of the necessaries discreetly tucked away. Now that's service! I then made my way back to the 2nd floor, now being fully wide awake, and it was sheer heaven to curl up on one of the chairs, flicking through a complimentary copy of Vogue whilst sipping on a latte, readily available from the fab machine and watching as New York slowly began to wake. As the staff were discreetly preparing the continental breakfast (which I found to be pretty damn good as I munched my way through cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit and pastries every morning) they didn't bat an eyelid at the strange woman with bed hair wrapped in her dressing gown, and ensured that my coffee was continually refilled!The rooftop bar, although pricey, was a lovely little haven to escape to and the hotel's restaurant, although we didn't eat in it, was busy for all three of our nights.We really were very sad to leave The Library and will most definitely be back! It's an incredibly special place.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Revver
<Content>A beatiful stay We stayed at the Library for 5 days at the end of November during our holiday in NYC. The hotel is very nice, clean and original. We asked for a specific room (the website describes the rooms, each one has a subject :) and the management has satisfied our request. The room (the 905, Geography and Travel) was comfortable and clean, the furniture looked as new, the bathroom had a bathtube with a shower. The hotel is conveniently located in Midtown, very close to a lot of interesting and useful places (Bryant, Rockefeller, Grand Central, Central Park, subway, etc. etc.) . We are very glad we chose the Library, the value of a hotel is a sum of many factors, last, but not least, the people at the desk, always nice and ready to help for every need.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>taxegal
<Content>Shhhhh Don't tell anyone It has taken me a while to write this review mostly because I would like to keep the Library Hotel a secret. This hotel is really the best place in all of Manhattan. From the moment we walked in the door to our last goodbyes at the front desk The Library was an amazing experience. We have stayed in many five star hotels and I think five stars are not enough for this hotel. The rooms were spotless, comfy and cozy. The staff was very professional, knowlegeable and just all around nice and kind. The location is terrific. The breakfast and wine and cheese hours were very well handled. It was so wonderful to be able to start your day with their breakfast and end or just get your evening started with wine and cheese in their library. Don't ever think twice about booking a room at The Library. It is worth every penny and more. After our stay at the Library we now dream of returning to Manhattan and The Library Hotel...  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JD1999York
<Content>One of the Best hotels we've stayed in!! We have just returned from a five night stay at the Library - and I can't rate this hotel high enough! The staff were all very courteous and extremely helpful, and the location could not be better - easy walk to all shops, empire state etc - and just round the corner from Grand Central.We've stayed in a lot of five star hotels around the world - and this beats a lot of them!Lovely rooms, great breakfast, and the nighlty cheese and wine was a huge bonus, after a busy day sightseeing.Would recommend the hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sandraLondon_England
<Content>loved the library hotel We stayed at the Library Hotel over Thanksgiving and it exceeded our expectations...and we are picky!!!! Agree with everything in the last reviews. We had a junior suite on the 8th floor which had double aspect windows and an amazing view. There was no noise from traffic or elsewhere. Breakfast was great as was the complimentary wine and cheese. The staff were all incredibly helpful, remembered our names and went out of their way to help us. We cant recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rlbintegrity
<Content>The Library delivers - again! This was our sixth stay at The Library, and this will be my sixth review. I only wish I could give it 6 Stars, because this hotel deserves it. All of the reviews that rave about this place are absolutely correct, and I can only reiterate their compliments. For this review, I will focus on the friendliness of the staff. Upon our arrival, the bellman recognized us from previous stays and gave us a hug. It was like we were coming to visit friends. During our visit, we spent some time in other, very high-end hotels. The stuffiness of the staffs with their noses up in the air only reiterates that The Library gets it. Provide a superior product with great customer service and your business will be rewarded. Well done Library - again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TimmyAnn
<Content>New York's Never Been So Good We've stayed at some lovely hotels in New York but this little gem is just about the best! When you arrive, a top-notch staff introduces themselves and is at your service throughout your stay. The rooms are on the small side but perfectly laid out to utilize every inch of space. The bathrooms are actually quite large and marble and rich woods are everywhere. The most unique amenities are the simply lovely wine and cheese hour (actually three hours) in the evening and a continental breakfast in the morning that will knock your socks off. The location, as others have noted, is superb. We wanted to see some of the Christmas sights and we could walk to all of them e.g the tree at Rockefeller Center and the Christmas shops at Bryant Park.We were really sad when they closed the Stanhope Hotel last year and thought we'd never experience that kind of hotel hospitality in New York again. Happily we were wrong. We've found the Library Hotel and our new home away from home in New York.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ezzaroo2
<Content>Fabulous Hotel        The Library Hotel - Reading Room  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>weeaz
<Content>perfect hotel We stayed at The Library for 5 nights and it was a fantastic location for our first time in NY. Easily walkable to 5th Av shopping, central park, empire state, bloomingdales, macy's, barneys etc. We were able to walk everywhere we went, even back to the hotel from financial district. It is the best way to see NY.We had a deluxe queen and it was slightly on the small side but this is NY and we were prepared for this. Plenty of room for luggage and to move around though. I was surprised at how little street noise we heard, given that this is NY. The staff were also very helpful and friendly.The public areas were lovely (reception, breakfast/reading room and rooftop bar). We also had dinner in Madison  Vine, the restaurant and it was lovely. A cool atmosphere with an after work drinks vibe.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great midtown location.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chris085
<Content>perfect Great central location within easy walk of Fifth Avenue for shops and Central Station for the metro. Plenty of good, reasonable restaruants within walking distance. Staff very helpful and friendly - informal atmosphere and like a home-from-home with tea and coffee available in the reading room 24/7. Rooms full of nice touches like iPod/radio player, slippers etc. Would certainly stay there again and the best hotel I have stayed at in NY, having been there 7 times.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catsYorkshire
<Content>Excellent Excellent hotel, in good location, staff excellent, will hopefully return. The Library on 2nd floor was a welcome retreat from the cold and crowds of shoppers, it was nice to be able to help yourself to a hot or cold drink and nibbles. The wine and cheese served 17.00 to 20.00 was a great idea, and all free of charge.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Henry1959
<Content>Excellent Library Hotel My wife and I stayed four nights at the Library Hotel in October after I had chosen it using reviews on Trip Advisor. We thought it was excellent. The room and bathroom were clean (but compact) and stylish. The breakfasts were excellent and the complimentary wine and cheese each afternoon was an added bonus. The staff were generally friendly and helpful (although the girl who checked us out was an exception). One small niggle was that the air conditionaer in the room was quite noisy - but being Ocotber we were able to switch it off. Overall, though, we really enjoyed our stay and will recommend all our friends to stay there  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>tarzanUk
<Content>book in at the library The Library,New York,November 2007;we stayed for 5 nights.All staff super friendly.Nice touches;lounge has free coffee,tea,etc with biscuits  cakes all day [24hours!]2;free computer access 24 hoursthe above were helpful when I couldn't sleep with toothache...[on the first night!]......incidentally super concierge staff searched for dentist [around the corner]  made an appointment for me [right away;he fixed the problem [temporary fix] for 500$......a snip for the relief ,luckily covered on insurance].3;cheese  wine every day from 5-8pm where you can invite friends if you want....we had no friends to invite......but you might!On 41st  Madison,just around the corner from Grand Central  The Chrysler building  a short walk from Time Square.We would go again....  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yukawak
<Content>One of the Best This is one of my favorite hotels in NY.This time, I came to NY to attend the 35th International Emmy Awards with my colleagues. While I decided to stay at the Library Hotel, my colleagues stayed in another hotel. I was happy, and my colleagues were not so happy.The hotel staff is always friendly and helpful. The room is cosy and clean. If you need coffer or sweets, just go down to the second floor, 24hrs a day.Especially for people travelling from abroad, either on business or pleasure, this is a very good hotel. Ask anything, and the staff will help you out.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>PhotoMonkey
<Content>A real gem of a hotel!       The lovely and svelt Library Hotel, seen from the side. A gem!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marymccrory
<Content>Very pleasant stay We just returned from three nights at the Library. Hotel pros: the rooms are immaculate, the location is fantastic, and the staff are very friendly and helpful. We had a nice breakfast on the 2nd floor everyday and even enoyed chatting with some fellow guests while there. The rooms are not large, and the bathrooms are pretty small. However, they are sizable enough by New York standards. The only negative I can think of is traffic noise. We stayed in a jr. suite (6th floor, room 606), which had windows on both 41st St. and Madison Ave. Madison Ave in particular is very loud. One commenter indicated that the windows must be soundproofed it was so quiet - this reviewer must have had hearing problems or stayed on a much higher floor than us! We had traffic noise a lot of the time we were there. This is true of many hotels in NYC (in particular those in convenient locations), though, and after getting used to it, it was not a big problem. I did wonder whether some of the rooms that were closer to the rear of the hotel or those that had only one window (ie not a suite) might be quieter. All in all, a nice stay!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Slicco
<Content>Not bad, not great I booked the Library based on the many positive TripAdvisor reviews, and stayed for 6 nights in the 鈥渟uite鈥?in November 2007 for our honeymoon.The hotel had informed me per mail that our favoured, romantic, suite was probably occupied, but they would keep an eye open and keep me informed. At arrival, we were given another suite, and no word was said concerning my numerous requests. In our room, nothing honeymoon-like had been prepared, and I couldn鈥檛 help but feel that all previous correspondence had been a total waste of time. Very 鈥渟ure, we鈥檒l do our best鈥?but absolutely nothing done for real. Very disappointing. Remember, in total these rooms cost nearly $700 per night鈥?br/>The suite as such was what all other cities in the world would call a double. Adequate size, but nothing more. The bathroom has shower only, no proper bath, and this must be unique for any suite in the world. One basin only.The bed was comfortable, however we had ripped sheets for 2 nights. Not acceptable at these prices. We were on the 8th floor, but still found it too loud. The windows are not state of the art, and not sound-proof. There are no drapes/curtains to fully darken the room. Only roller blinds cover the windows, and this lets in light.The reading room on the 2nd floor is nice and comfortable. Adequate newspapers and magazines, cosy atmosphere. Breakfast is ample, seating can get cramped if too many guests arrive at the same time. Cheese and wine each afternoon is a nice gesture. The quality of wine and cheese however left most European guests unimpressed, and they, like us, gave it a miss. Many reviews raved about the front desk. We hardly used it, but the front staff seemed friendly enough. If this is important to you, then definitely a plus. Location was good. Close to numerous subways, walking distance from Time Square, very central. Further, smaller, issues: loud a/c, no HBO. All in all an OK stay. Considering the price, too many negatives if you are a seasoned traveller and experienced to 5-star prices/quality. Then again, this is New York where all hotels are overpriced considering the service they provide.Finally, beware the .004 rooms, as these are directly located at the elevators (3 feet opposite).  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Wiltstraveller66
<Content>What a great hotel What a great hotel. The Library is without doubt the best hotel in New York that I have ever stayed in. The Lobby and Front desk areas make you feel that you are going to be treated as an individual and not just another travel agent booking. The friendly and professional front desk staff confiirm this impression. The single rooms are small but beautifully appointed and contain everything one needs for a comfortable and relaxed stay. The same applies to the bathroom area. A big plus is the quality of the soundproofing both between room and external.Breakfast is just what a Continential breakfast should be. The Terrace Bar offers an indoor and outdoor environment, is comfortably appointed and staffed by attractive, effiicient and professional individuals.I will be back  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Davros_20
<Content>Superb! Can fault this hotel. Top class accommodation with a relaxed style.The staff are great - friendly and helpful without being overbearing.I've stayed here three times and can't recommend it enough to anyone planning a trip to NYC. It's worth every penny!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NITripper
<Content>Everything the Reviews had said - and more! My wife and I had a wonderful 5 night stay at The Library Hotel . Accomodation and service were excellent. The only reason our expectations weren't exceeded was that we had read so many great reviews before we visited that we were not surprised by the high standards! This hotel has set the bar very high for itself but unlike many establishments it seems consistently able to maintain those high standards.We were in a suite on the 3rd floor facing onto Madison Ave - well worth the extra money for the views and the larger room. I endorse all the great reviews that have gone before on this hotel - no point in going over it all again. Accomodation , service and staff all top class and I wouldn't hesitiate to recommend this hotel and will stay here again when back in NYC2 minor negative points - there is a fair amount of traffic noise to be heard on the lower floors - but not a major problem and as other reviewers have said the rooftop terrace bar is very busy most evenings - but then that's down to the quality of the place isn't it?  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MPLS-MN_Traveler
<Content>Oasis in the heart of the city This is the second time we've stayed at the Library hotel. Three things always stand out...1- Unique2- Comfortable3- Friendly ServiceThe hotel is convenient to Grand Central if you take the train into the city or need quick access to the subway. Bryant Park is a two block walk for a small park experience, and your one block away from the Public Library. The hotel offers a free wine and cheese reception every night and a light breakfast in the morning. The rooms are not huge, but adequate. The bathrooms are very nice with high ceilings and good lighting. and always clean. The fun part about this hotel is picking a room based on the dewy decimal system. If you want a great hotel in the middle of the city, choose the Library. It's a great read!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DannyAms
<Content>Better than most A great little hotel, the best things for me :-The friendly staffThe Cheese and Wine in the eveningThe location and roof top barMakes life easy in Mid town  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>greenwoodgal
<Content>A Grand New Experience We have been in NYC many, many times in previous years. Had never even heard of the Library Hotel. What a shame! It was great. The rooms were small, it certainly was not the Four Seasons, but the people were kind, helpful and despite some problems with the facility, they worked diligently to solve all our problems and compensate us for our inconvenience. These things happen when you are on a vacation sometimes and viewing them as an adventure to share with your friends and family upon your return and not a ruination of a trip is all in the attitude of both yourself and the hotel staff. The rooftop bar was a gift that allows you to stand and admire the greatest city in the world while sharing a romantic cocktail. Bryant Park is a hop, skip and a jump (sorry for the cliche) and if you hit it right, you can see evening films in the outdoors.The rooms, as mentioned were small, but we've stayed at the Columbus and we know what small is -- these were gigantic in comparison. They had roses, a bottle of champagne and chocolates in our room (by mistake, I'm sure), but when pressed to make sure there hadn't been a mistake, they assured us, it was no mistake and told us to keep them (I think it was a mistake, but they certainly held to their position on that one). You have to try this hotel at least once. You'll love it for sure. Just relax and enjoy.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bridgechick
<Content>It's All True! Yes- it's all true! The Library Hotel really is as good as everyone says! We chose it based on Tripadvisor reviews and it met or exceeded our expectations. Good location, very comfortable well equipped rooms, friendly helpful staff.....the list goes on. The reading room where they serve complimentary breakfast and evening drinks is lovely, with coffee also available all day. We also liked the rooftop bar. We had dinner one evening in the adjoining restaurant, Madison and Vine, and enjoyed it very much.I would definitely stay here again if we return to New York.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clare81England
<Content>honeymoon hotel This hotel was an absolute gem of a find in New York. My wife and started our honeymoon in NY and the hotel helped make the trip perfect. The small touches of front desk staff remembering their guests each morning as you leave for a day's shopping made the experience so much more personal. The breakfast is great, the location is excellent (5th Avenue 10 mins walk, Central park 20 mins walk, Empire State 10 mins walk), the books adorning the walls everywhere was absolutely fantastic and the view of the New York City Library is beautiful from the Reading Room. Make sure you try out Madison and Vine the hotel's restaurant fronting Madison Ave, the food is top class, slightly pricey but worth every cent!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tarzan76
<Content>Attractive Hotel with small suprises We stayed at the photography-room. Little bit noisy in the mornings, but the rest of the hotel was excellent. Great stuff, great location, great idea with all those books, which makes your stay really special. We regret that we did not use more time inside,at the hotel instead of sightseeing.:-)  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SarahDino100706
<Content>The Library - A Delightful Find We stayed at The Library Hotel for 4 nights in early October 2007 on our one-year anniversary trip. It was perfect, absolutely perfect. We would definitely stay at The Library on our next visit to NYC. The hotel is located on the corner of Madison and 41st, a block away from Grand Central Station and a block (maybe 2) away from the New York Public Library. We walked to and from Times Square, Murray Hill, and more, and never needed to catch a cab. We used the subway, when necessary.The lobby area of The Library was clean and never felt crowded. We thought the front desk staff and concierges were exceptional. They never steered us in the wrong direction in recommending places to go and sites to see. They were friendly and always available - a big help.Our room was located on the 6th Floor, with a medical theme. It was small, as you'll read in other reviews that the rooms are small, but the hotel website gives clear descriptions of the different room options available. We chose a smaller room, because we figured we wouldn't be spending much time there. (We were right.) The room was clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated. In other words, it was everything we expected. The hotel provides robes, slippers, and bathroom accesories to include a hair dryer, Q-tips and cotton balls - all nice touches. At night, there is turn-down service. We hardly heard any noise or goings about on the street, even on Sunday morning when there was a parade nearby.Other positives about The Library: there was continental breakfast on the 2nd floor every morning with breads, pastries, cereal, fresh fruits, juices, and coffee. Every afternoon, in the same room, the hotel puts on a wine and cheese hour. Just a few feet away, it has 2 computers with Internet access for checking e-mail, online flight check-in, etc. The rooftop bar attracts a younger crowd, mostly locals, it seems. It was very trendy. All in all, The Library was a delight. In the past, I've stayed at the Waldorf Astoria. While I'd never knock the Waldorf, The Library is in the same league, as far as I'm concerned. I really enjoyed the boutique experience.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Actonfam
<Content>Great for couples I stay in NYC two or three times a year, and this was the best hotel for location, cleanliness, quiet and comfort. The rooms are very small, but beautifully designed, with lovely bed linens, bathroom, and colors. The complimentary evening wine and cheese plus European breakfast are nice touches. The rooftop bar is lovely, though very expensive (drinks @ $15 each). With Grand Central around the corner, and within walking distance of the NY Public Library, Bryant Park and the theater district, the Library Hotel is in an ideal location. This definitely is a perfect weekend hotel with your spouse or partner.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>makemydaySeattle
<Content>Outstanding hotel, service and location My fifth time at the Library and excellent as usual. For tourist activities, its location is great, next to Grand Central, minutes walk to Times Square, restuarants  bars in easy walking distance. The rooms are beautifully decorated, beds very comfortable, no street noise, nice amenties. The common areas are perfect for relaxing or getting coffee and a snack. Attached restuarant has some very good entrees and desserts. Concierge was always spot-on with restuarant recommendations also. The only negative I could say is if you are used to the big TVs at home, these are std smaller tvs (19 I think) but why would you go to NYC to watch tv? Staff is friendly and helpful at every encounter.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BryceMiamiBeach
<Content>Great Find A fabulous find! The staff was gracious and the room was superbly decorated. My favorite was the room on the 2nd floor where you could relax and enjoy breakfast, wine in the evening or just read. What a comfortable hotel. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsPuddle
<Content>"Far cry" from business type hotels Stayed for 6 nites , fortunate to be upgraded to Junior Suite, no isssues with room size (standard rooms noted as small ?).Everything about the place is warm, no regular upstarts telling you to get in line. Whenever we approached the front desk,their offer of assistance always preceded our requests. Staff warm,sincere,would like to think it's deliberate to employ these type of people, because it works! Sometimes in Manhattan the hotels lean to business class or carry the attitude that there's more where you came from, consequently you don't get that personal service. You get it in the Library though!The rooftop bar (small) but nice outlet after a long day. The complimentary breakfast (basically eat as much as you want!)  the Wine and Cheese at tea time are well presented and generous. Overall smashing hotel, could it be improved ? Bigger rooms , bar at ground floor, bigger reception, but then it wouldn't be the hotel that it is . Tinker to improve, yes. Mass alteration NO!!!! Stay there and enjoy, we did. P.S Noticed a bar is being added at street level, not sure whether will be hotel run or indepedndent? When it opens not sure what will happen to rooftop terrace.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtraveller055
<Content>Terrible staff, saved only just by fabulous library The staff at this hotel are terrible. Untrained, rude, barely speaking english for some of them. Luxury boutique hotels, or those that tout themselves as such, theoretically only differ from the five star ones in terms of size and amenities, they don't have to scrape the bottom of the barrel for service staff. Also, tiny tiny rooms - I was wondering about the description petite - never take the petite anything. There was one lovely reception lady who tried to get me a better room but the rest of the staff were pretty awful. There was one african american lady who looked like she would rather lie on a bed of nail than answer my questions and spat out her answers. The doorman couldn't tell me which way Park Avenue was, the smae lady wouldn't help me plan my itinery etc etcetcetc. The saving grace, aside from coffin sized rooms, was the lovely decor, the fabulous books and the 24 hour coffee, biscuits and fruit. But once again - HORRIBLE service, needs much improvement.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	1	4	

<Author>IrvineEdinburgh
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We went to this Hotel for our first visit to New York, after reading great reviews..very helpful staff, very relaxed atmosphere - you feel like you have the place to yourself!! Great central location in terms of shopping etc. 1 block from 5th Ave.  15 mins from Central Park. We were amazed by the great continental breakfast and complimentary cheese  wine - no catches and supplies topped up regularly!!! Rooms were a bit small - but considering it is a boutique hotel, they are more than adequate. The staff are extremely helpful, couldn't do enough. Full of great little tips i.e. going to 'top of the rock' at sunset. Overall I couldn't rate this hotel any higher.. absolutely loved it!! would defintley recommend it to anyone. Just one point - I would say its more of a couples type hotel - not really a kiddie place. Also I would recommend a taxi from JFK - not the subway (especially at midnight) not a good move!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pdxbirdy
<Content>an oasis in midtown We just returned from a stay at the Library Hotel. The hotel is well-situated in midtown and is a very convenient base from which to explore the city. The breakfast is fantastic, and the wine and cheese in the afternoons is the perfect pick-me-up after a long day of exploring. Rooms are quiet, well-appointed, and comfortable. I can't think of any reason not to stay here each time we return.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ninjaBear_DE
<Content>Prepare to be spoiled A value, Ideal location, and terrifically pleasant staff! Wait until you see the chocolates at turn down service..... Book it!..You will not be sorry!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Magpie1944
<Content>A very civilized place to stay We have just returned from 3 nights in NYC as part of our annual holiday. The hotel is well situated in upper midtown Manhattan and is a in good location for exploring the city. The subway and Grand Central are in easy walking distance (5 minutes).We consider the Library Hotel to be a very civilized place to stay with its rooftop bar/terrace, the excellent complimentary continental breakfast and the coffee etc which are available all day. In addition, between 4pm and 8pm complimentary wines and cheeses were available in the library. We found that the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, with all sort of useful information regarding museums, subway, restaurants etc., This was all given in a very personal way, which is not always the case in the big hotel chains. None of the recommendations disappointed us. The only minor blot on the landscape was that our room, which otherwise was perfectly acceptable, was rather small for two. Next time we'll book the next category up.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>We_are_Canadian_eh
<Content>Great weekend in New York thanks to the Library We finally managed to get rooms at the Library and the hotel staff were great from the word go. Who else calls YOU to confirm the reservation and ask what floor you want to be on? Our son got his choice - Science  Math.Bad weather meant our flight to NYC was delayed a day and the hotel very graciously allowed us to cancel that night and give us breakfast when we arrived early the next morning!The location is great - just far enough off the real noise and traffic on 5th Ave to be quiet, but easy to walk anywhere. The restaurant is being renovated, but we hadn't planned on eating there anyway. Room service menu from the restaurant around the corner looked great.Breakfast is always a hit with us and we weren't disappointed.All in all, a wonderful weekend in spite of the delay.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>phdnyc
<Content>Best Hotel for First NYC Visit       view from room  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anon93
<Content>We love New York Again! Based on our last hotel experience in NYC, we were not sure what to expect with The Library. It is everything you would expect a boutique hotel to be! Their website is completely accurate - there are no surprises. We got the 'petite double' and had a notion of how small it would be. Again, no surprises, we were prepared! The main door opens within inches of the bed - small. It is kind of unnerving sleeping just 2 feet away from a door, which also happens to be right across from an elevator. That said, it was very tastefully decorated. And, with the upstairs terrace, the main social room for breakfast and wine  cheese, which is also available all day to grab a coffee and pastry and review your travel plans...you don't need a bigger room (well, OK, we'd go for the Queen next time!)The location was fabulous, just a block away from GC and we fell in love with Bryant Park. The patio in the summer is fabulous, there are movies under the stars, and a great Manhattan crowd all week. Love it! We've told everyone about it and will return!Our only 'oops' - the young doorman didn't know much about the area and wasn't able to help on many directions at all. The desk clerk resolved all that though.... including making reservations at our restaurant, calling ahead for tickets, etc. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>traveller131
<Content>Loved it! Like a lot of people I booked The Library because of the great reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed. Its a great little hotel - only problem is with such popularity we'll have to book months in advance to get a room!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jrend
<Content>Exceeded the expectations of a picky ex-New Yorker I recently stayed at the Library Hotel for two weeks on a business trip; as a former New Yorker and bibliophile, I had always been intrigued by the hotel's concept but never had a reason to book a stay there until moving away from the city. I'm a pretty picky traveler and have traveled widely all over the world, so I wasn't expecting to be especially bowled over, but the hotel exceeded my expectations in every way. As other reviewers have pointed out, it's like a cozy and friendly private club in the middle of NYC. The staff are friendly, but not intrusive, and the amenities like the rooftop bar and complimentary wine  cheese reception are nice touches. (Vis a vis the rooftop bar, it does get crowded with locals after work so best to get there on the early side, like 5:30, for an outdoor table.)Although the rooms are small (I stayed in the Deluxe which was snug but comfy and nicely decorated, though a luggage rack would have been useful), they are immaculantly clean and I really loved how quiet they were. NY is loud and I have insomnia, so I was worried about staying right on Madison Avenue, but the windows are amazingly soundproofed. (At one point, there was late-night street drilling going on outside and at another point, the Indian parade was warming up on a Sunday morning, and barely a thing could be heard inside my room). Also, as I often worked in my room until early afternoon, I loved that housekeeping never once intrusively knocked or phoned asking when they could clean my room. I will most definitely be staying at the Library again when I return to NY for the holidays; it's my new home away from home.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JJ_Boston_Ma
<Content>Great find Pleasant, friendly service; quiet, new, clean room - small by US standards, but fine for the price and location. Sunny breakfast room and rooftop garden and lounge. Discount parking a couple of blocks away. Very happy with this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Alibally02
<Content>Loved the Library Stayed at the Library Hotel as part of my honeymoon and can't rate it highly enough.Admittedly, we didn't spend that much time in the hotel, but when we did we were made to feel very welcome by all the staff and the room was very comfortable. As it was our honeymoon, they had placed a bottle of sparkling wine in the room for our arrival with a lovely little note which was a nice personal touch.Many people have commented on the small size of the room but we didn't have any problems fitting all our things into the drawers, wardrobe and chest (and we had a LOT of things - two full large suitcases, a full large holdall and two small backpacks packed to the brim!). All this stuff, and we still had plenty of room!The 24 hour snacks available in the 2nd floor reading room were delicious and very welcome after a long day wandering round New York. The breakfast was also lovely and plentiful.My husband was most impressed by the complementary wi-fi internet access available in the room if you have a laptop computer. If not, there are several computers located on the second floor for use by guests and these have printers.All in all, we are both delighted that we chose to start our honeymoon with a 5 night stay at the Library and would certainly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScottinKansasCity
<Content>great hotel....some minor issues Returned from The Library Hotel this evening and wanted to write a review while the experience was still fresh.Our stay was for 4 nights. This was our first trip to NYC and was to celebrate our wedding anniversary.The staff is very helpful. The location is very central with easy access to Broadway and Grand Central Station. From there, you can get virtually anywhere.The rooms, as I expected, were small, but well kept. The property is quiet and it sometimes feels as though we were the only guests on our floor. The complimentary breakfast and evening wine and cheese are nice perks. We attempted to take in the garden terrace twice, but it was full both times. For those of you looking forward to this, be aware that it is open to both hotel guests, but also the general public....therefore, very crowded.Now, for the small negative. I notified the hotel when making the reservations and while at the property that Saturday was our anniversary. Nothing was done. I can only chalk this up to an oversight, but it was disappointing nevertheless.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>ChooseyTraveler
<Content>Loved the Library Hotel - and the library! I'd read about the Library Hotel on Trip Advisor and decided to stay there for a mid-summer theatre trip. Wow! Was Trip Advisor right! My husband and I loved the hotel, and in spite of the building's small footprint, the space was used extraordinarily well. Many others have written positive comments, which I agree with, but I'd add that I loved the in-room library. We had the biography room and, in between running out to theatre, I read parts of a book on the House of Windsor, Frank Sinatra and Halston. If I had more time - and who does in New York - I might have made more inroads. Great idea for a hotel!from Choosy Traveler, Wynnewood  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carlton003
<Content>Loved the Library Hotel The Library Hotel has a great location on Madison Ave, friendly staff and a lovely atmosphere. I throughly enjoyed my stay and hope to return.Favourite features include IPOD stand/charger, super friendly front desk staff, rooftop bar and, of course, the books in the room.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rmmMichigan
<Content>Felt like we were invited guests We just spent a four day weekend at the Library and were treated like invited guests. We choose the hotel on the recommendation of a family member so we were prepared for the small rooms but the decor and additional features (water, bottle opener, personal items, robes etc) more than compensated for the lack of square footage. The staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly and even came to the rescue when our 14 year old son had to stay over a night after his flight from Kennedy was canceled at the last minute.We also appreciated having available the 2nd floor complimentary breakfast/ wine and cheese and 24 hour snack room as well as the roof top bar for cocktails where we like many other guests met and shared the facility with friends including non hotel guests who vow that they too will stay at the Library on their next visit.The location in midtown is perfect for visitors interested in exploring the city. We walked from the hotel many times and never had a problem hailing a cab when we were going further afield.The only place to stay in Manhattan for price, service and amenities.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Restored my mood It was Sunday, and all flights at JFK were delayed or cancelled. Rather than wait around for a flight that would never materialize, I decided to rebook it for the next day and spend the night in Manhattan. I first tried the Sofitel but didn't like the price they were charging. Then I remembered reading about the Library in a travel magazine -- and what a find it turned out to be.First, it's a bargain. Really. (Ok -- I was upgraded to a queen double. But even a regular double would have been worth every penny.) Because I wasn't there to sightsee, I spent a lot of time at the hotel. I had their complimentary wine and cheese while reading the New York Times in their lovely second floor public room, which is also where the continental breakfast is served. (Hard boiled eggs and ham croissants -- very filling. ) And then there was that rooftop deck. The following morning (Monday), it was completely deserted, and I had it all to myself. What I liked about this hotel is its generosity. Not only do they give you lots of free food (including bottled water in the room -- it's amazing how many so-called great hotels overlook this.) But in addition, they actually invite you to meet up with your friends on the second floor, where they're welcome to have wine and cheese, too. That no doubt results in great word-of-mouth publicity. But what a refreshing change from the attitude of other hotels, which charge you for everything. They also have the American Film Institute's Top 100 movies on DVD, which you can borrow. And check-out is at 1:00! The floors are themed around the Dewey decimal system. My room, 405, was marked 400.005. (For a moment, I was filled with the familiar panic of not being able to locate a book in my college library stacks.) Floor 4 was dedicated to Language, and I was in the Middle Eastern room. I was too tired to read any of the books on Middle Eastern subjects -- and I doubt that anyone spends time actually reading the books here -- but somehow, being surrounded by good books made the hotel feel peaceful.Even though I was grumpy about having to reschedule my flight, my stay at the Library restored my good mood. How many hotels can do that, and at such a reasonable cost? I will most certainly be back.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yorkshireman25
<Content>Best Hotel We actually got married at The Library Hotel in July this year and absolutley loved it. We stayed in one of the suites for the week prior to our wedding and the staff went out of their way to make our stay special. The room was beautiful (had a cute little balcony overlooking Madison Avenue) and the staff were outstanding. We also loved the breakfasts, wine and cheese and coffee available in the reading room. We had our wedding on the roof terrace and it was amazing.I cant recommend this hotel enough and next time we go back to New York we will definitely be staying there again!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TriptoUS
<Content>It's true it's perfect! My boyfriend and I stayed at the library hotel for 3 nights mid-July. The room was a good size and had evrything you would need. The better was particularly confortable and the ipod stand was really useful. Also the room was silent. The rooftop bar is quite small but very cool, drinks were good but slightly expensive. The breakfast was perfectly fine, nothing fancy but of good quality. When we left I forgot some shoes in the room, I realised the next day, called them. The hotel then called me back and arranged for them to be fed-exed to me, very good service!I would go back anyday.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RRMNottingham
<Content>Loved It       I said it was quirky  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>annamom
<Content>best hotel we just arrived back from a fabulous week in nyc, and, i have to say that staying at the Library Hotel was a large part of that. The staff at the hotel are ALL wonderful and helpful, but Igor at the front desk is the BEST. All of the staff were helpful with recommendations, reservations, and a cheery hello. The hotel is IMPECCABLY clean and well appointed. We stayed in a suite, which was perfect for the two of us ( a little more expensive). The continental breakfast was just enought to get us going, and the rooftop bar is wonderful for relaxation. We didn't utilize the wine and cheese too much due to our schedule. Overall, I can only think of one other hotel in the world that MIGHT be better. You will not be disappointed!!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boblLansdale
<Content>The Library Hotel - A Great Read! My wife and I stayed at The Library Hotel last week. Our experience was excellent. The staff practically fell over one another trying to be helpful -- and they were in many ways, but always without being intrusive. During our two night stay every encounter with hotel staff was perfect, so we would say the strongest selling point for the hotel is service.Nevertheless, the physical plant merits comment. Simply, the public areas were stunning, quite a surprise for such a small hotel. Our room was a good size by New York standards with every necessity anticipated and provided, right down to the bath robe and slippers.In terms of location, we found the hotel to be far enough away from Times Square to be peaceful but close enough to be within walking distance. Fifth Avenue shopping was only a couple of blocks away as was Bryant Park, a very pleasant place for an al fresco lunch and to watch the world go by. Would we stay at the Library again? You bet! We found the library to be a great read.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FLJaxgirl
<Content>Fabulous Hotel; fabulous staff! This hotel is a real gem! The staff was amazingly friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast in the morning and the wine and cheese in the afternoon were wonderful. The rooms were clean and nicely appointed and large by NY standards. I brought two friends with me who had never been to NY. This hotel certainly set the bar high!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CyberGreen
<Content>Pretty good really We stayed here in March for 9 days and had a great time. Checkin was very quick, and even with our late arrival, they bought us up 2 glasses of wine. Igor was so helpful and we really appreciated his help, especially when I lost my purse at another hotel (it had been handed in with all money still intact, hard to believe but true). When it rained they bought out umbrellas for us to use, which was a nice touch. Breakfast was continentally adequate, and the restaurant the hotel recommended was just round the corner and we had the best meal we have ever had, price was quite reasonable considering where we were. Salute was the name, well worth a visit well we enjoyed it. Cannot fault The LIbrary in any way and are looking forward to our next stay there.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>choogirl
<Content>amazing stay Just returned to Dublin after our five night stay at the Library hotel. Having read the reviews here we decided to book our stay with them and we were not disappointed at all. The hotel is on the corner of Madison and 41st. It's location is amazing, being one block from 5th avenue. Given its location, we walked everywhere. On the rare day when we were going further afield, Grand Central Station is 2 blocks away and you can catch many subways from there. Staff were very friendly and accomodating without being pushy or in your face. Our room wasn't ready on arrival as we got there early so they took our bags for us and we were advised that we can go to the second floor if we liked and have breakfast. There is also a room on the second floor which has two computers and a printer, which was so handy as we could print out directions to different sites and check our emails. The breakfast was substantial with lots of cereals, muffins, fruit, juices, eggs, bagels, cream cheese and different pastries. There was tea and coffee available all day and the champagne, wine, cheese, nuts and crackers were amazing. It was great after being out walking all day to return and have a glass of champagne to relax before heading out for the night.We stayed in a petite double room, which I think is the smallest room that they offer but it was fine for the two of us and we would book it again. It was spotless and we got a room on the 8th floor so it was quiet. Nice amenities left in the bathroom and good water pressure in the shower. Hair dryer in the room also was good. We had also emailed them prior to arriving to advise them that we were celebrating a special occasion while we were there and they left a bottle of champagne in our room and a personalised card wishing their congratulations which was a very nice touch. Will definitely stay here again next time.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>7thFloor
<Content>Great Sanctuary in Otherwise Crazy Town Where do I start? First and foremost, I FOUND the place as a result of Tripadvisor. The property is exactly as the comments indicate. YES it's a great small boutique hotel, so if you like those 18 elevator lobby hotels that double as rent-a-car facilities, this isn't your place; YES this place has great staff, in fact, they helped me with a very early check in, which was most appreciated; YES this place has a very wide assortment of DVDs to watch (that is, if you really get bored and have nothing else to do, which is really hard in a city like NYC); YES the rooms are small, but who cares? I'm not buying the place; the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms spotless. Added perks: (1) continental breakfast; (2) excellent espresso machine, juice, filtered water, juice, milk, baked goods, cookies, and fruit 24 hours a day; (3) great wine and cheese event every night; (4) folks, the windows in the room open all the way (5) the hotel lies on madison, but only a few rooms actually face it, that said, the hotel is on an otherwise quiet street (relative term for new york, but still quiet) (6) a very popular upstair open-air rooftop bar is a hit with the locals, and for good reason. You know what else is cool? THEY READ THESE. Hey guys!!! So, they care about all of this - which is a step in the right direction, I say. That said, thanks for a great stay.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MazTravel
<Content>Amazing place I selected the Library Hotel based on the reviews I'd read on TripAdvisor and was not disappointed. The place really is amazing. I was travelling alone on business and this hotel was a high point in the trip. The friendly open spaces, the wine and cheese reception each evening and the staff for whom nothing was too much trouble were a welcome respite from the usual corporate hotels. The bedroom is small (in typical Manhattan style) but atypically there are so many places within the hotel where you can work or relax, and exchange a friendly word with other guests, that time spent in your room can be minimised. What more can I say? - I'll definitely return when next in the US and highly recommend the Library Hotel to any traveller. The hotel made my business travel a pleasure.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>JenTiger
<Content>Fantastic hotel in NYC! We will be back! The Library Hotel was everything I hoped for and more. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. Our flight got in earlier than expected and we went right to the hotel. Although our room was not ready they told us we could help ourselves to their fantastic free breakfast! One of the BEST reasons to stay at this hotel is the free breakfast and evening wine  cheese. You're already going to spend a ton in NYC so why pay more for breakfast! Fresh bagels, fruit, danish, yogurt, cereal, juice, coffee ... what more could you want! You're going to eat at some amazing restaurants in NYC so there is no need to fill up at breakfast anyway! Ok, enough about the breakfast! We went with their largest suite and it was well worth it. The bed and linens are amazing ... many afternoons I wanted to take a nap because it was so comfy! Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking Madison Avenue and I thought we might hear some street noise but it was very quite. In the evenings they offered wine, cheese, nuts and crackers. Yum! They have a great selection of books in your room and throughout the hotel too. The location was fantastic! A very short walk to Grand Central Station, Times Square, Fifth Avenue and the Empire State Building. We took cabs everywhere else we needed to go which is so convenient. Our cab ride to lower Manhattan was only $10.A few things I would recommend in NYC include the Top of the Rock tour, Empire State Building, a sail boat cruise with [--] and Curtains on Broadway. Some of the best restaurants we visited included Brio Restaurant [--], Osteria Doge [--] and Katz's Deli [--]. If you're from Chicago like us don't bother with pizza at Lombardi's. It's said to be NYC's best pizza but we really didn't care for it. The adventure and fun was walking to the place which took us through Washington Park, Soho, etc. We came home wanting some Uno's Pizza! Enjoy your trip to NYC! Again, stop driving yourself crazy searching for a great hotel and make your reservation at the Library Hotel!Sorry no hotel pictures. Who has time to take those anyway! It looks just like the website.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dublin18Advisor
<Content>A Bookish Treat Just returned to Dublin from a very enjoyable stay in the Library Hotel. The hotel was chosen from the Hip Hotel Guides and what I liked most about it was that it was not hip at all, not square either. The rooms and overall decor were nicely understated and very comfortable. Like other reviewers, I was worried about the reported small room sizes but our junior suite was a fine size with a lovely bay window that gave great views down Madison Avenue. I found the Library to be quite affordable compared to other similar hotels allowing you to upgrade to the larger room if desired. The location was great. All points up to Central Park and across to Times Square and Broadway were easily walkable but you were not quite in the thick of things so noise was not an issue. Grand Central Station, which is very close by was amazing, the lack of commercial tat and the opulence of the main concourse is more redolent of communist Russia. The advantage of a smaller hotel is that you do get to know the staff and they you which gives more of a personal small-town experience. The staff were very friendly and helpful without being too in your face. The hotel efficiently dealt with extras like a car from the airport, dry-cleaning and organised a very enjoyable boat trip on the East River to see the 4 July fireworks in conjunction with their sister hotels. The biggest bonus were the guest facilities on the second floor. Breakfast is a self-service affair in a very comfortable room that could probably do with more tables and chairs to deal with the morning rush that occurred closer to 10 am than I would have expected in New York. For the rest of the day (and night), guests can avail of the free coffee (and cappuccino) making facilities of the hotel along with fresh pastries and cookies. There is also a daily wine and cheese event - all very civilised. However, it is great to be able to avail of these facilities after a long day's shopping or walking without the production of calling room service. It would have been nice to see what the hotel restaurant would have been like - it is a work in progress. However, to eat in the hotel restaurant would be cheating. Currently the room service menu is provided by the nearby Pera restaurant. We tried this on the first night and it is excellent Mediterranean food. Choosing a smaller hotel means that you do forego the instant room service, the choice of bars and restaurants and facilities such as gyms and saunas. It is a price worth paying and we will be back.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janrez
<Content>What a find! We just spent a night there this weekend and what a treat it was. This is a small, boutique, chic hotel, which was rennovated 7 years ago. Everything is fresh and new and there are so many extras. The reading room with 24 hour coffee machine, fruit and snacks, the New York times, the delicious breakfast, the lovely rooftop garden, the nightly cheese and wine, DVD player in the room with movies to borrow at the front desk and the excellent staff. What more could you want - perhaps a great location. Well you have it. The theater district is not far, great shopping on Madison and 5th near by and many great restaurants in the vicinity. For something really special you could try Asia da Cuba, 3 blocks down. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bakkelund1
<Content>LOVED IT ALL! I booked the Library Hotel based on the reviews here too. And, they were not wrong!!! This is a lovely, lovely place to stay. I travel a lot and this is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. Our room was gorgeous, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom spotless and a great size. The staff at the hotel were always friendly, attentive and helpful. The wine and cheese are a plus in the evenings. The roof top bar is nice (although the prices are a little steep) but I guess you pay for the location. The hotel is perfectly located - by 2 subway stations - it didn't take more than 10 minutes to get to the Upper East Side or downtown to The Village!! Couldn't recommend a hotel more!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wetravelFlorida
<Content>Everything I expected and more! We were pleasantly surprised by the whole experience. Risked the booking based upon online reviews. Great place to stay, great location (walking and cab distance to everything downtown, 2-3 blocks from subways and Grand Central Station). Contrary to some reviews about the size, it was just right for what most people come to NYC for: a great place to stay, sleep, refresh, then go out and play! Amenities (continental b-fast and wine/cheese) are great. Staff is friendly and helpful. You can dress like a real person here, too. Not hoity toity. Noted lots of Euro guests as well as US. We've stayed at several NYC hotels in past and will return here before going anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rhondaprather
<Content>Great stay My husband and I came to NYC for the first time in several years. I saw this hotel on Fine Living as one of a top 10 romantic destinations. We were so very impressed! We booked a junior king suite, and it had plenty of room. Not at all like the previous places we have stayed in the city. The location was really great being so close to Grand Central, and there were so many wonderful restaurants right in the neighborhood. The breakfast every morning was just wonderful, and the afternoon wine and cheese, well! was just great! A nice little break before heading out for a wonderful dinner. The staff was really helpful, and we did not suffer any disappointment! The rooftop garden was really beautiful, and apparently a hoppin nightlife spot for those working on Madison Avenue. We will definitely return to this hotel , and it won't be so long next time!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigsoozGlasgow
<Content>A great find! My husband and i have just returned from a 7 day stay at the Library, as we were in new york from Scotland for our wedding. The hotel staff were excellent, informed and friendly, and appeared genuinely interested in each of the guests. When they discovered we were to be married, complementary champagne and a congratulations card were awaiting us in our room. The room was nice, well appointed and spacious and the bathrooms larger than the average for new york. The rooftop terrace bar was beautiful, and though regularly hired out for private functions, we were able to use in on several occassions. The reading room on level 2 is very calm and peaceful and we certainly made use of its free tea, coffee, pastries and cheese and wine!! The location of the Library is excellent - 2 mins walk from Grand Central Station, the Chrysler building, and beautiful Bryant park. We will both definitely make the Library our hotel of choice for our next visit to New York. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crabbus
<Content>Bijou - Small and Exquisite Although I am a 'big-boned gal' I found the petite single rooms a perfect size. Everything is efficiently laid out, immaculately clean and perfectly stocked, and I did not feel cramped or inhibited, unlike some of the other reviewers. The staff are on the ball, polite and always available, the common areas (the reading room and the rooftop terrace) are great places to sit and relax, and were never crowded or off limits when I was there. At $225 a night (through the hotel's own website) I thought it excellent value.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>srchristopherxavier
<Content>Pleasant but cramped and overpriced. I booked the romance package as a goof with a friend for a two night three day weekend . This is a very pleasant hotel with an eager to please staff but there are caveats. The whole thing is quite small, only sixty rather smallish rooms, more like copious walk in closets rather than true hotel rooms. The tiny size means it really isn't a full service hotel either and may well not be able to provide you with all services, like late maid service for example.. One thing that isn't small is the price. I am not a tourist but a New Yorker and in some way I really resented the hotel. Basically very minuscule rooms are sold for a fortune, the gimmick being the clever library concepte, but weren't libraries free? Now a book motiff is used to help assure inordinate prices. A clever gimmick to a point, but that is what New York has become these days high, high prices for very, very, very little when you really are honest about it. In that sense the Library hotel fits right in with New York in 2007.  Incidentally on the romance package the perks: flowers, chocolate, etc. are only provided the first night but the full higher tarriff for the package was charged for each night of our two night stay. Furthermore, the champagne was not even champagne but a bubbly Italian wine. For the price I thought that just cheesy. Incidentally, on my second night I did find a bed bug crawling the sheets. Management's response was to offer another room but never offered any consideration from their hefty price. Still, if you don't expect too much for your money, this hotel may just charm you.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>db06
<Content>Wow Both my wife and I visted NYC for the first time and found this a truly wonderful hotel. It's in an excellent location. We were concerned that we would not be able to sleep at night because of the noise, however, aside from the odd siren it was remarkably quiet. Breakfasts are a treat. Lovely atmosphere in the reading room and it can be a real retreat if the city becomes a bit overwhelming. What can I say...we loved the place. I totally recommend it and the staff are wonderful. Oh and the Hemmingway cocktails on the rooftop bar can be a nice nightcap :)  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Q&GWarwickshire
<Content>Yes, yes, yes... We loved The Library. An oasis of civilised calm in the crazy world of Manhattan, with an excellent location, friendly and helpful staff (especially the two concierges) and the bonuses of a fresh, tasty breakfast and evening cheese/wine/snacks. We arrived early from a ship and they found us a room and offered us breakfast at 10am - few places will do that. Having come from a ship, we found the size of the room (a deluxe) just fine, and the bathroom was spacious, smart and spotless. The rooftop bar disappointed us rather - it was packed out, the decibel level was high and the service was not a patch on that of the hotel. I didn't realise at the time that it is managed separately from the hotel...The Turkish/Mediterranean brasserie Pera, one door down on Madison, was popular and great quality food. We also ate in Grand Central at Cipriani Dolci (lovely but pricey pasta) and had good martinis in the Metrazur bar there. Wonderful people-watching opportunities at the station...!If you want a cheap way of getting to Newark Airport (and the others, I think), coaches leave very regularly (every 15/20 mins or so) just a block away. $14 dollars per person.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>JillJUk
<Content>A lovely hotel We have just come back from 4 nights at the Library Hotel and I would highly recommend it. The rooms are lovely, the breakfast tasty (delicious coffee) and the location great but the area that I would recommend most is the staff. Nothing was too much trouble for any of them from making restaurant reservations to getting a cab at 6:15pm - impossible task. The rooftop bar is lovely and unlike some of the other reviews we had no problem going up for a drink on 2 of the 4 nights.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mgallo1968
<Content>Great hotel, great location Hotel is EXACTLY what it shows on the hotel's website. Our room was small (hey, that is New York) but we did not feel cramped at all. Great use of space. The Reading Room on the second floor was a peaceful place to get away and read the paper, eat breakfast, etc. Lots of books to look through, movies at the front desk. The staff was very helpful. Wonderful location right near Grand Central Station. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mkatzmann
<Content>Splendid, but rooftop garden sometimes off-limits I'm a former New Yorker who stays in the city many times a year. I found Library, where I visited this week for the first time, a fine boutique hotel without the attitude. Service was truly exceptional, as with the doorman/concierge who went mia on Madison to find me an otherwise impossible cab, and as with his colleague who told me about the minibar, whose contents will be charged to your account if they're moved for over 15 seconds.I booked the Love Suite which has the only terrace in the hotel. The room was not quite a suite as I know the term, but it, and the bathroom -in which 3 people could get organized - were truly spacious, beautifully appointed and, well, really interesting. The terrace overlooking Madison was worth the price of admission.The rub: the rooftop garden terrace, which opens late in the day, is not managed by the hotel. I found in my 1 night stay I could not go there at various times because there were private/corporate events. If the outdoor space is important to you, contact the hotel, and they'll put you in touch with the garden's management compay so you can see what's scheduled for your visit.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CinKat
<Content>Library Hotel excellent choice The Library Hotel was a great choice for our trip to New York. It is in a great location, close to the subway, shopping and great restaurants. The service was flawless. The complimentary breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon was really good and a great way to relax before going out for the night. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We highly recommend the Library Hotel.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>helbax
<Content>Absolutely fabulous What an absolute delight! The Library Hotel is wonderful. We stayed there for my sister's wedding in NY last week  we couldn't have asked for a better place to stay. The rooms were small-ish but nicely decorated, very clean  had all sorts of nice touches such as a bathrobe, toiletries, DVD player etc. Without exception the staff were kind, helpful  courteous. One of the reception team helped me with bookings for a ladies' night out the day before the wedding, made all the 'phone calls  then presented all the information on a beautifully typed note with times/ 'phone numbers etc. On the wedding day itself, all the family members were left lovely little notes, champagne  fruit in our rooms - we didn't ask for this - very thoughtful  much appreciated. I also agree with a previous review - no-one lurked intrusively for a tip. The breakfast was great - fresh  plenty of choice. The complimentary wine  cheese every evening was also a bonus. I cannot recommend this place highly enough.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tsurumi
<Content>Fabulous boutique hotel I have often walked by the hotel and thought it charming. What a pleasant surprise when I booked a recent stay. Rooms are on the small side, but the complimentary continental breakfast and evening happy hour gave me a reason to linger in the hotel library. The staff are professional and extremely helpful. The bellman had to flag down a cab on a rainy Saturday. He arrived about 10 minutes later riding in it....no telling how far he had to walk in the rain to perform that miracle! And, the rooftop bar is a real treat. I'll definitely be staying at this wonderful boutique hotel again. Oh, and the library concept is a lot of fun. Be sure and grab a few of the clever bookmarks at the reception desk.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paradisevacation
<Content>Unbelievable hotel - book a stay there!! This hotel exceeds any expectations - I found it thanks to tripadvisor.com and am now anxious to return! The concept is fantastic - there are books everywhere and they have some unique titles, too. Rooms are spotless with a nice decor and excellent amenities. In the reading room, you have 5 types of coffee + an espresso machine, with fruit and muffins all day long. The rooftop lounge is amazing - just worth it for the view and the delicios exotic drinks. The service surpasses all - hotel staff goes above and beyond to please and accommodate visitors. After having travelled to many countries and cities around the globe, I must say that Library Hotel impressed me more than any other hotel I had ever been to. I have already recommended it to all my friends and am telling you as well - if you are considering it, dont hesitate - you will love it!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hilsWanderer
<Content>Dignity in New York       Philosopher in the Lounge  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hiiri
<Content>A really cozy place - Enjoyed my stay ! I just came back from a short stay at the Library Hotel. I had picked the hotel, because I remembered that we spent a lovely evening on their roof terrace a year ago. Reading the reviews made me curious about the rest of the hotel.Everybody at the front desk was very helpful and friendly and we did a swift check-in. The lobby is very understated and minimalist, but the book shelves made it look 鈥榗osy鈥?I had booked a junior suit for a special discount price (499 $) and since this is even for New York a substantial amount of money, I expected a lot.I was not disappointed. The room looked exactly like the picture on their website. While a lot of room was wasted on a front room/hallway, it was still spacious and airy, due to a lot of windows. All of them had nice wooden blinds, which gave the room a warm feeling, as did the room colours, mostly in beige and dark wood. There was a small sofa in one corner with two armchairs and a large flat screen TV. The bathroom was spacious and nicely decorated, with all the amenities one needs.Having lived in New York, I knew that this was not going to be the quietest of all streets in Mid-Town. It was definitely noisy, but the windows are very sound-proof.I did not see the reading room, but we spent some time upstairs in the winter garden and of course on the roof terrace. It would be nice, if the rooftop terrace had more comfortable furniture. The benches and little stools are quite uncomfortable and it is impossible to spent a leisure afternoon in the sun, without a major backache. Their free hotspot was available on the terrace and I was able to do my emails while sitting in the sun 鈥?not too many hotels in NY offer that !As travellers before me have said: this is a great place and worth the money - I will return !  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lurkeyme
<Content>Extremely Quiet and Classy This hotel is located in a suprisingly quiet and nice part of Midtown (41st and Madison) near the NY public library but within just a few blocks of all of the action. Grand Central Station is less than 5 blocks away. My sister and I stayed for a girls' weekend and did not hear any traffic or other hotel guests even on Saturday night. The best part for us was that this was not a touristy hotel in the slightest. No tour groups to be found. The hotel is extremely classy with a large reading room that has a complimentary pastries, juice, tea and coffee available for hotel guests 24 hrs. a day and has a complimentary wine and cheese happy hour. The included continental breakfast was quite nice, with bagels, yogurt, fruit, pastries, etc. Free DVD rentals are available from the hotel's DVD library (ranging from Snow White to Butch Cassidy).Everything was very tastefully decorated, with classy decor that was interesting but neither gaudily traditional nor extremely trendy. As such, I would recommend this hotel for both younger and older patrons. We stayed in a single room because all other rooms were booked. It was a typical size for New York (smallish) but comfortable, with a nice double bed and clean bathroom with full bathtub. As far as we could tell, the service was good, though we did not have much of an encounter with the hotel staff beyond checking in and out. If you're looking for a party hotel, try the Tribeca Grand. If you're looking for a design hotel, the Gramercy Park Hotel might be better. But if you just want a nice, quiet, comfortable hotel, I would highly recommend the Library.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>lteast
<Content>impressed by library hotel Very impressed. The library theme was very clever, and consistent, and the rooms, though not huge, were very well decorated, comfortable, and light. Good to have two windows. Excellent bathroom. Bed was hard, and duvet and sheets good quality. Staff were really helpful, and as there are only 60 rooms, we never felt part of a crowd. We had some noise from the rooftop bar, which was annoying, the floor above us, but it did stop. Would avoid the rooms outside the lifts, 003 and 004, as the ringing noise when the lifts arrived was rather loud. The allday lounge was very relaxing, views down Madison avenue, and the free wine and cheese in the evening was appreciated. Also the wireless broadband was free and there was complementary mineral water every day. Very good value for the price. we will stay there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jhembree
<Content>My favorite in Manhattan My second stay within a year at The Library was as perfect as the first. My husband and I stayed in one of the suites (requested the Mystery Suite and reserved by the hotel), which faces one of my favorite haunts-- The NY Library. As before, impeccably clean and appointed, the room did not disappoint. I cannot imagine staying anywhere else in Manhattan. Everyone is professional and friendly; wonderful breakfasts (love the espresso machine!!) and wine  cheese in the late afternoon. The location is absolutely convenient; you are connected to all boroughs and beyond with a jaunt around the block to Grand Central Station. BTW, check out The Campbell Apartment for cocktails in Grand Central.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slbMobile
<Content>The Library Hotel - We Love Your Style I just returned from a trip to New York City with two girlfriends, and one of the highlights of our trip was undoubtedly The Library Hotel. We started each day with the hotel's satisfying breakfast and delicious coffees, and we ended each day with the hotel's fabulous wines and cheeses. Our room - the Junior Suite dedicated to Fashion Design - could not have been more comfortable nor more apropos. Every detail of our stay seemed to have been specifically designed for our pleasure, and we loved every minute of it. Between the three of us, we have stayed in several hotels in Manhattan, and we unanimously agreed The Library is our favorite. We would like to extend a specific compliment to Bill, the bellman who made our stay that much more enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ClassyladyEssex
<Content>Superlative hotel experience We stayed at the Library Hotel (Corner of Madison and 41st) for the first three nights of a trip to NY and Niagara two weeks ago. The rooms were on the small side but hey this is New York! Every possible convenience, from bath robes, to toiletries, to complimentary wine and cheese each evening, to complimentary breakfast was provided. We contacted the hotel in advance to advise them that we were celebrating a special occasion and they gave us a free room upgrade. The staff were wonderful;at the evening wine and cheese and at breakfast all food and drink was replenished as necessary; the waiting staff were efficient and friendly. Reception were fantastic, helpful to the last and unlike another hotel we stayed at (unfortunately) the same trip, did not hover waiting for a tip. In fact we didnt even realise about tipping(embarrassingly) until we arrived another hotel where I thought the guy would never leave our room!I will stay at the Library Hotel EVERY time I visit NY in future and I strongly advise you to do the same.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plusfour
<Content>Possibly the best hotel experience yet. Anywhere! My girlfriend and I have just returned from a 4-night stay at The Library Hotel and it rates as one of the best hotel experiences I've had.The location is fantastic (provided you want to be in Midtown Mahattan of course!), the rooms are impeccably decorated, clean and very, very comfortable (although reasonably small - it is Manhattan - and a little dark) and the hotel amenities are great, if limited (this is a small 60-room hotel so there's no pool/gym/conferencing but there is a very nice top floor terrace bar and wonderful reading room for 24h coffee/refreshments etc.). But the best thing has to be the staff. Anyone can buy an expensive property, decorate it well, keep it clean and call it a boutique hotel but when nothing's too much trouble for the staff, they're kind, friendly and attentive and, above all else, make you feel valued and welcome, you get the experience you want from this type of hotel.I've stayed at lots of hotels from very large high-end chains to very small boutique places and the most disappointing thing is when, for some small, petty reason, the stay doesn't live up to expectations. The Library Hotel lived up to everything I hoped it would be and that, combined with the fantastic property and great staff, makes it a seriously good place to stay in my book. Small, but pretty much perfectly formed.When I'm in NYC, this is where I'm staying from now on in.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Safirah
<Content>Very nice stay at the Library Hotel Lovely hotel -- overall a very nice stay indeed. Great location and pleasant, discreet staff. Rooms very small, but comfortable: it's essentially a 3-star hotel with some 4 or 5 star extras which do make a real difference. If you're after the full forelock-tugging five star hotel service with gimmicks and full hotel dining then this is not for you; but if you want pleasant, comfortable rooms, minimal interruptions, non-intrusive staff and a fuss-free, relaxing hotel then this is ideal. It really does have more of the atmosphere of a private club or house than a hotel. You do get used to the small room size after a bit, but it might come as a shock how small it is at first. The room decor is good, but, if one was really nitpicking, it could do with a teeny update to refresh the colour scheme (gold and cream) and carpet, and to iron out a few scuffs here and there; they should also replace the bulky CRO TVs with flat-screen ones which would save a bit of much-needed space. (By the way, as someone else has suggested, DON'T whatever you do put your TV remote on the top of the TV -- it falls down the back and you have to ask reception to get it out. If they updated the TVs I'm sure that that would save them a fortune in retrieving lost remotes alone!) There was a CD player with an alarm by the bedside, but though you can borrow DVDs free of charge from reception there didn't seem to be any CDs around to borrow, unfortunately (and who travels with CDs nowadays?) Also, make sure to check all the drawers -- they hide the hotel info and Time Out very discreetly in one of them, which meant we didn't find the hotel guide, with prices for minibar and instructions for room service (we thought there wasn't any, but with the hotel's restaurant currently closed for renovation they use another restaurant across the street) until the last day. We checked in late in the evening, so we didn't get shown up to our rooms and didn't find out about all the amenities. Never mind though -- it was a nice stay and apart from the size of the rooms we couldn't really fault it. The bathrooms were great -- small, but they were definitely five-star bathrooms, with lots of nice towels, and great housekeeping/cleaning service. The slippers and bathrobes, and complimentary bottles of mineral water, add a five-star experience to the hotel. There's also an in-room safe for your passport, and an iron and an ironing board in the room closet (which many UK hotels don't provide). You can control the heating and air-con properly, too, which is a plus. Contrary to some reports here, we didn't have any street noise as we were on a higher floor -- or maybe we were just too tired to notice! In the evening they do a quick turndown service with some chocolate squares and a card with the weather outlook and temperature for the next day, which is a really nice touch. Little things, like the fact that if you haven't drunk your bottles of complimentary mineral water that day then they add some extra bottles rather than just leave or replace it, really make a difference. A final room plus -- the bed was very comfortable. The complimentary breakfast is just fantastic and the great selection of danish pastries, muffins, bagels, fruit, hard-boiled eggs, yoghurts, juices, coffees, teas etc. was a pleasant surprise and the breakfast staff were incredibly helpful and efficient -- it was such a pleasure to read the complimentary copy of the New York Times and have a leisurely coffee and (lots of) croissants with such a fabulous view of Madison Avenue! The complimentary wine in the early evening is great and of surprisingly good quality, and the free internet access (and printers) on two computers just off the breakfast room is a great bonus if you just need to keep up with things at home every so often but don't want to pay exorbitant rates per minute to check your email. The rooftop bar serves cocktails (no food, unfortunately, but the cocktails are very good, if expensive), and the bar has a great ambiance -- very Sex and the City, but also pleasantly small and intimate, with a fire, tealights on the tables, beautiful flowers (orchids), and comfy leather chairs. (We had cocktails here with a New Yorker friend who was very impressed by the bar.) In fact, there were lovely flower arrangements throughout the hotel, including in the breakfast room and the lobby. The location is wonderful -- we could walk everywhere in Midtown and it's SO close to Grand Central (literally around the corner). Do have a look at the New York Public Library while you're there (it's so close); and I also highly recommend The Morgan library and museum a few blocks away: it's a similar concept to the Frick Collection but for books (it's the restored library and house of nineteenth century financier and art collector Pierpoint Morgan, father of J.P. Morgan) -- a lovely museum with a great cafe in a contemporary glass atrium -- they do a late night jazz evening opening on Fridays. The hotel is also convenient for shopping, too, with the Rockefeller Center and the main shops on Fifth Avenue and so on only a short walk away. All in all, the extras really do make The Library Hotel a good stay. I'll be recommending it to my family, many of whom plan to come to NY in the next few months. If I was staying again I might upgrade to a junior suite for more space (and I hope they reopen the hotel restaurant soon), but I'd definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sun_11
<Content>Okay stay at the Library       Jr Suite Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>Mr_Phileas_Fogg
<Content>Great location       Exterior  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MoneypennyEngland
<Content>Highly Recommended! We stayed at the Library Hotel last weekend for our 12th wedding anniversary. We couldn't have been happier with our choice of hotel - the Library is in a great midtown location just a block from Grand Central Station and it's easy to walk either uptown or downtown or take the subway to see the sights of New York from this central spot.We loved the original concept of this boutique hotel - we were allocated the Dinosaur room on the 5th floor (Math and Science floor). Although our room was not huge and it was a little on the dark side we had a great view over Madison Avenue which more than compensated us.On the 2nd floor is the guests lounge/breakfast room and complimentary tea, coffee, biscuits and pastries are served all day long followed by wine and cheese in the early evenings. This is a great facility and much welcome after long hours tramping the New York streets which were very cold at this time of year!!The 14th floor bar is a cool place to sit and enjoy a cocktail at the end of a day sightseeing and the hotel staff are, without exception, friendly and helpful.Would definitely use this hotel again - great location, great concept and good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CEBManchester
<Content>Gem of a hotel... Great location, fantastic staff, a real homely feel. Rooms a touch on the small side but very nice, fully equipped  comfortable. Welcome added extras - continental breakfast, free coffee, pastries, cakes, soft drinks all day long, free cheese  wine between 5  8pm  free internet access. In the evening the bar on the 14th floor has a lovely atmosphere  the roof terrace is definately worth a visit.All in all a very good hotel  would definately stay again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Parisian76
<Content>Classy and Perfect               
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Beckyw3003
<Content>I wanna be a part of it!! My friend and I stayed at the Library Hotel for a couple of nights before heading off to see some other American cities, we were returning to New York before heading back over the pond to the UK but hadn't reserved a hotel for when we returned back to New York. However, after one night in The Library Hotel we booked ourselves in for our return leg of our holiday! It was fantastic, the hotel's location was great (especially for 2 gals who like to walk everywhere), the rooms were great (maybe a little small but very comfortable and clean none-the-less) and the staff were so helpful in advising us on restaurants/clubs we should visit and even more helpful when it came to our luggage and getting cabs etc!When I decide to return to New York I will definately be returning to The Library!! :)  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lfjkfiutnt
<Content>A delightful hotel with good service This hotel is a little gem in midtown Manhattan. Small rooms as normal in NYC but a delightful hotel. The free breakfast is great and the staff are very helpful  friendly.My room was tiny but charming, and had every convenience. The bed was comfortable and housekeeping efficient.Room service was deliveries from external providers, but still OK. The location is great for tourists, especially so close to the subway.I'll be staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Musicarius
<Content>Surely a hidden gem in New York City We stayed at the Library Hotel from 3 to 9 March 2007. I was attracted by the library concept around which the hotel is designed and, after reading numerous highly positive comments on this Web site, decided to book. We were not disappointed; in fact, staying at this hotel made a wonderful trip even more wonderful. The hotel is remarkably located a few steps away from the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue and from Grand Central Station, which means that you can access the subway in a matter of minutes. You are also just two minutes away from the New York Airport Service's departure stand. The hotel, which comprises only 60 rooms, is very intimate. The 14-story building measures about 16 feet in depth, which explains that no more than six rooms fit on each floor. The rooms, though simple, are functional and very well designed, with a superb bathroom (plush towels and bathrobes, powerful hairdryer, much shelf space to spread whatever liquids and powders you have); there is also turndown service every evening (with dark chocolates). Given the length of our stay, we chose to book a room with a Deluxe/Queen bed. After seeing a neighboring smaller room in which the maid happened to be working, we concluded it was really worth paying more. In fact, with taxes, the room did cost $412 per night 鈥?expensive, but this is New York.The hotel's real plus is the free offering of continental breakfast, free wine and cheese from 5.00 p.m. to 8.00 p.m., and coffee, cookies, etc. round the clock. This enables you to save a lot on breakfast and, if you need to go to a show, concert, or opera, taking a good wine-and-cheese snack before going to the performance is fast and convenient; and if you feel like having a light snack with, say, a herbal tea after the performance, you just have to help yourself.In accordance with the design concept, each room is stocked with books on a given topic; should this topic not be to your liking, the lobby and the Reading Room (where you eat) have an extensive selection of books on several topics. Surely the Library Hotel must be one of New York City's hidden gems. You have that very pleasant feeling of staying in intimate and cozy surroundings, not in one of those gigantic hotels without personality. The only annoying feature was a vent in the bathroom that forced cool air (without any way to stop it), which is not really what you want when the temperature is as cold as it was during the first week of March (around 15-20 degrees Fahrenheit). Finally, I would add that, in a hotel of such quality, I wish that the form of address of some of the staff members were not Hi, folks! but something at least a little more formal.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonSudha
<Content>Magic little gem! We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and people weren't wrong when they said it was fantastic. It isn't opulent luxury but it is amazingly cosy and welcoming for NY. If you know NY hotels you know nothing comes for free however, here you do get those little extras which makes all the difference. We booked here at the last minute and all that was left was a petite room. We were a bit apprehensive about this as reviews had said it was just big enough for 1 person but when we got there it was just right for the 2 of us. Admittedly it wasn't large but it was so comfortable and cosy and more importantly extremely clean. There were books in the room, bottled water, and all the other usuals plus if you fancy staying in there are DVDs to borrow and play on your DVD player. Another thing rare for NY is the fact that breakfast is served and more to the point it is actually quite good. It is served overlooking Madison Ave and you are sat in large leather chairs with a selection of papers and books should you want them.The staff were very friendly and willing to help in any way they could.I would definitely recommend this hotel for a stay in NY - its a real find!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>90049
<Content>My New Favorite Hotel in NYC The Library Hotel was the PERFECT hotel for my 3 week stay in New York. I was visiting New York alone for work and the Library Hotel made me feel right at home during my long stay. The staff couldn't have been nicer and all of my needs were met. The hotel goes over the top to make sure your stay is special. The rooms are tight, but very cozy. I look forward to my future stay.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hetta
<Content>fantastic in every way the library hotel has it allgreat location, value for money - breakfast, 24 hour coffee and pastries, wine and cheese at 5pm - all included in the tariff , which is moderaterooms are comfortable and have all amenitiesstaff concerned and obligingroof top bar a treattheme of hotel is clever and well executed - giving that special point of difference - book lovers take notetrip advisor member- australia  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karenrobbins
<Content>love the library one of my favorite nyc hotels. have been back to stay twice now, so thought it was time to write a review. this hotel is located in midtown and is a renovated branch of the new york public library (near the main branch) also near bryant park. walkable from grand central station, but will need to travel a bit for nightlife. the coolest thing about the library hotel is the design of the rooms (based on the dewey decimal system!!) so if your room number corresponds to 'ad rchitecture' or 'music', there will be decorations and random books related to those topics in your room. they have a good continental breakfast every am, and wine and cheese hour at night (--recommend) also, rooftop bar is a nice place to stop back when you're returning for the night. rooms on the smaller side, but nicely done and not too cramped.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MGTFMan
<Content>A real find This is a small hotel that far exceeds the service and amenities of a larger hotel. It is well located and is comfortable, quiet, and welcoming. The presence of the books as well as the video tapes bring a unique atmosphere to the experience. The rates are highly competitive. It is simply a great place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlthetraveller
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else in NY Great location for midtown. Great service. Great atmosphere and decor. Good value for price. I have stayed in some other NY hotels recently (arranged by others) and have been pretty consistently disappointed. I plan to only stay at the Library Hotel in the future. Even the small rooms are great.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrisbieCat
<Content>Absolutely Top-Notch New York Hotel We love splurging on the best hotels, but after staying at the Library Hotel I honestly wonder why anyone would shell out $600-1,000 to stay at the Four Seasons, Plaza, Waldorf-Astoria, Mandarin Oriental, etc. etc. when a place like the Library Hotel exists in New York City. We arrived on Saturday around noon (well before check-in) and were promptly given a room. There was no one else in the lobby, and the entire weekend I don't recall ever seeing anyone on our floor or feeling at all cramped or crowded. The staff was uniformly pleasant and helpful. Let me address the reviews that remark that the rooms are small. In a word, it's true. Ours had a queen bed, small table and chair, desk and tv unit, and not much else. But, come on people, are you really coming to New York City for a giant hotel room?? Be assured that the Library Hotel has very clean, comfortable beds, very ample, attractive bathrooms, elegant decorations, and top-notch heating/showers/etc. Don't worry at all about the size. The common facilities at the hotel are likewise somewhat limited, but do you really want to spend 20-30% of your daily rate on spas, fitness centers, chandeliers, marble walls, and other extravagances you don't need? At the Library Hotel you are playing a much smaller amount for a wonderful second-floor lounge with shelves of books, newspapers, a baby grand piano, and all-day coffee, juice, and snacks; nearby are a couple computers for internet/email junkies. On the 14th floor is a wonderful glass atrium leading to an outdoor terrace, and on the other side a romantic, attractive room with a fireplace, couches, and another glass terrace. The hotel is just a block from the Public Library, a few blocks from Times Square and the Empire State Building, and within walking distance of most sites. We paid $275 (before taxes) per night; granted, that's in February where the rates may be lower, but it seemed extremely reasonable for an absolutely first-rate experience.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lolow
<Content>Book this! The Library Hotel excels! We stayed at the Library Hotel, a modern boutique hotel in midtown, across from the NY Public Library, and around the corner from Grand Central Station. It is well-designed, clean, with a calming beige/chocolate color palette, and filled with wonderful books of all subjects. We chose the smallest (least expensive) room for two, a petite double...and it was very very small, but again, well-designed. The bed is supremely comfortable with luxurious linens. There's a complimentary bathrobe, two bottles of water, a mini-bar  in-room safe...and more books, of course. The hotel is organized around the Dewey decimal system. Our room theme was General Knowledge. The best features are the absolute quietness and the lounge area. You feel you're the only guests in the hotel until the next morning when you walk into the large, well-appointed library/lounge for the self-serve complimentary breakfast and find the tables (with fresh flowers) nearly filled with other guests. The free breakfast features assorted fresh coffees, teas, pastries, mixed fruit salad as well as fresh fruits, soft-cooked eggs, and best of all, cappuccino. There are multiple complimentary copies of the Times and Wall Street Journal The hotel also offers a cocktail hour, and there is a bar and outdoor rooftop garden patio. It's wonderful to just relax in the lounge with a book , listening to classical music and enjoying the wonderful city views. The staff is courteous, knowledgable and attentive, and check-out isn't til 1pm. This hotel is a well-priced gem.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boycey0ycey01
<Content>Good - Better relative to others All the positive reviews are valid and true. I stayed in the Manafacturing room. Not at all bad. Carpets a bit shoddy and as other reviews state, on the small side. But otherwise a great hotel, good location and worth the cash. Blooms on Lex round the block cafe/deli/restaurant has great sandwiches.Enjoy  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>peter mcnamara
<Content>Wonderful New York Hotel Feb 16th 2007 Have just had 9 wonderful days at this hotel. Can not be bettered both in ambiance, position and staff. Will certainly return on our next trip.The facilities including breakfast and the free wine and cheese only enhance what is already a great hotel. Peter McNamaraHarrogateEnglandpmcnamara@clara.net  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Troll-CH
<Content>A plus for the good location and the buffets available all day We loved very much the good location just a block away from central station at Madison/41st. All midtown sightseeings are in walking distance. The personal service and the buffets for breakfast, fruits and cookies in the afternoon and the cheese and wine for the evening are big plus as well.The room was of average size, but with nice details. We had the erotic literature room and were surprised of the quality of books that we found in the room.To find the hair in the soup I mention here the cold default temperature in the room. We had to heat for 2 hours until we find it cosy. And the bath equipment like shower and tabs which needed maintenance and fixation. We pre-ordered a bottle of Prosecco which wsa not in the room at arrival. But after intervention a chilled bottle was organised within 2 minutes.All in all, the qualitiy was good for the price which is anyway high in Manhattan. We were satisified and would certainly return one day.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Wanderer07
<Content>The Library is a Love My husband and I just returned from a two night stay at the Library Hotel. We have been to New York many times, but we've never had such an all round perfect hotel experience. The hotel is well located with attractive rooms, which are not large but decorated in such a way that you forget it. Clean lines, crisp linens, interesting decor. And how amazing that one gets all this as well as a really complete breakfast included in the price and very nice appetizers and wine at the end of the day. The staff couldn't be friendlier or more anxious the help. The young women waiters in black dresses and pearls in the bar are classy as well. And every evening beside your pillow you get chocolate and a card that tells the next day's temperature. Classy and clever from beginning to end. We don't want to stay anywhere else again. We expect the Library Hotel to become our club.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaneLondon
<Content>Perfect Hotel This hotel does not really need another glowing review, but it was so nice that I have to add mine! I have never stayed anywhere with such great attention to detail. The room was lovely, all the public areas are beautiful, especially the bar on the 14th floor and the staff could not have been nicer. If you are put off the Petite Room by other reviews, well don't be - mine was a normal sized double room. I suppose it does seem small for an American room, which normally has two queen beds, but anywhere else this is just a normal double room. It would not have occurred to me to think anything of the room size if it was not described as a Petite Room. I stayed here with my husband for four nights and it was fine.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kyemesa
<Content>A wonderful place, a perfect proposal I couldn't recommend the Library Hotel more strongly! Based on excellent reviews and lots of research, I chose this hotel to be the venue for an elaborately planned surprise proposal to my now fiancee. While six weeks of planning certainly helped, it was the kindness and generosity of the staff combined with the beautiful room that made the experience truly unforgettable. I was initially a bit disappointed to have not received the room I had requested (Fairy Tale Room), but that quickly faded into shocked appreciation and great excitement when the amazing staff (Igor and Monique) told me that they had gotten so excited about my plans that they had decided to upgrade us to the Love Room - complete with the hotel's only terrace and noted as Igor's favorite room in the hotel! They also most kindly sent up a chilled bottle of sparkling wine (gratis) and called to make certain everything was in order and ready for the big surprise. Because my plan also entailed the use of a pseudonym, Igor and Monique informed all of the staff of the situation and helped make the whole thing a complete surprise 鈥?and success. The facility and its staff will forever hold special place in my heart. I can鈥檛 express how extremely happy we were with everything and I am pleased that the Library Hotel will be our destination for many anniversaries to come鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TGS67
<Content>A perfect hotel It is a small hotel, but comfortable, perfect location, very helpful staff... everything was good for us. In my next visit to New York, I will come back to the Love Room, with no doubt.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rrfc2003
<Content>Our favourite place to stay in NY We absolutely love the Library Hotel. A small, boutique hotel in Midtown Manhattan. We've stayed here three times. The rooms have an urban, sleek, yet comfortable feel. It is romantic - in a New York way. Our last stay saw some slipping in services - the concierge isn't always the most knowledgeable, and didn't respond to my request for a dinner reservation. The hotel is pretty quiet, with very little interaction with staff. The munchies in the library are great, and it's a gorgeous room. A few little comments - front desk service could improve, TV service could improve but overall a great hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	3	

<Author>NewtonmoreCC
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed at the Library Hotel for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The rooms were small but spotlessly clean and very well decorated, the public rooms were also lovely and the breakfast was a fine way to start the day. We also found the staff very pleasant and helpful during our stay. Not much more can be said apart from we will definately stay again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>Intimate hotel with limited service After reading all the great reviews my expectations of this hotel were heightened. It is a nice looking hotel with a generally pleasant staff, but there are a few details that could have improved the experience and if you know this in advance you will be just fine. For example, they do not offer valet parking but instead a discount at a garage two blocks away on 39th St. Therefore trying to coordinate the car pick-up with the room check-out and all the luggage and packages was a balancing act to be appreciated. Secondly, at check-in I was asked for my cell phone number to call when the room was ready. The call never came; they forgot and offered no apology or explanation for the oversight. Also, the 2nd floor reading/breakfast room was a great venue but the ambiance was spoiled by the open door to the kitchen that allowed much noise to escape into the room. On three visits the buffet attendants were not helpful or communicative. In addition, I never did quite understand what the exact set-up was for room service. Essentially as long as the kitchen at Branzini is open you can have room service. But the hours of the restaurant/room service are not posted anywhere. Lastly, Bookmarks, the rooftop lounge is a total misstep for this hotel. It doesn't really fit the rest of the hotel. I have never seen a bar without barstools. As a single traveler I felt very uncomfortable: three unoccupied employees did not engage me in conversation, would not clear a table on the patio (the weather was freakishly warm), and ALL the interior tables had reserved signs on them. On the upside, the guest room was well-designed with a great color scheme. It is just starting to show a little wear around the edges. Great bathrooms except for the small bathtub and ill-fitting shower curtain. I liked the addition of the bamboo plants to the room for an at-home feel. Overall, I would stay here again because it has a nice location, an intimate feel (with a great theme) and a few staff members who go the extra mile and easily compensate for those who do not.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mewsic
<Content>Ordinary location, extraordinary hotel Now I know why this lovely boutique hotel got only positive reviews. I stayed here based on TripAdvisor reviews and was very pleased. I had a one night stay (Nov 16) in a 鈥減etite鈥?room. Small, but perfect for one person and a small suitcase. The design and d茅cor made the most of the space, and the furnishings had a simple, elegant line to them. The room didn鈥檛 feel cramped at all, but it might be too small for more than one person. The room had two windows and good lighting鈥攏ecessary if you want to try any of the interesting books on the shelf. Both the room and bath were spotlessly clean. The room was on the 11th floor so very little street noise could be heard. There鈥檚 no room service, but complimentary food and beverages are available all day long on the second floor: Continental breakfast in the morning; coffee, tea, cookies in the afternoon; and wine and cheese in the early evening. All the hotel staff is highly professional, friendly, more than helpful, and can address just about anything you might ask of them. The 41st and Madison address isn鈥檛 one of the trendy NYC areas, but the hotel is definitely worth a stay. I鈥檒l be going back in January and have already reserved a room here.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ltt123
<Content>The Library Hotel is fabulous I traveled to The Library last month.....we just adored it. The staff could not be warmer or friendlier. Since it is a small hotel and small staff you see the same faces. They were helpful with nearby restaurants, hotel services etc. They really seemed to want you to enjoy your stay....which I found appealing and unusual for NYC.The breakfast of cereal, cheese, yogurt, danish etc. was terrific. They have an automatic cappucino maker that I was crazy for...the afternoon wine and cheese made a wonderful stop to meet new and interesting people. You certainly could be solitary if you chose to, but the guests were super interesting. Most people wanted to share that they too, thought this is a great hotel.Our room was quite stunning and immaculate. It was a suite sized room with a sofa seating area. It was a corner room, which was very nice. After a crazy hectic day in NYC we looked forward to returning to THE LIBRARY.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bouff
<Content>A most interesting Hotel We ended up in this Hotel by default having booked the Casablanca who 'lost' our reservation and arranged for us to stay here instead at the same price. As a result we probably got a mini-suite at a relatively low price!The room was large, especially by New York standards. There was loads of drawer and storage space and everything was clean and well presented. This Hotel is set up for the business client providing a Business Centre and free internet access. The staff were friendly and helpful. The free breakfast was adequate but I felt not quite as good as that we had previously enjoyed at the sister Hotel the Casablanca. Their are a couple of attractive public rooms on the top floor of the Hotel but unfortunately we did not have time to fully experience these.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>unfrequentflyer
<Content>Loved the Library       bedroom petite room  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobHargre
<Content>Married at The Library       Library External  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MemberRT
<Content>Love this place, but bring some ear plugs First, let me say that I adore this hotel, and will definitely stay again. My husband and I went there for the first time for a week-long getaway in late September, and our Junior Suite room was beautifully decorated and very clean, and the staff was attentive and knowledgeable. The reading room may be my favorite aspect of the hotel, as it's really wonderful as a tourist to have access to cookies and coffee in a nice setting at all hours, not to mention breakfast. The rooftop bar is spectacular on a fall evening. However, I did struggle with the street noise. We had requested a room on a high floor to try to avoid this problem, but the 6th floor was as high as we could get. The Junior Suite rooms face Madison, which is a main bus route, so the first night I got very little sleep. The next day I bought ear plugs, which did the trick. My husband slept just fine (he said the traffic noise was white noise to him), and I had no other noise problems at all, either with other guests or the elevator.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlebrownbear
<Content>loved it! We spent 6 days as part of our honeymoon at the library hotel - and it was perfect. Great hotel with a very relaxed feel, very pleasant staff who were always freindly and helpful to any requests. The rooftop bar is a lovely area, although suffers from being run independantly from the hotel - so sometimes it did feel like residents were second rate citizens in there - as well as the drinks being very expensive. This didn't spoil our stay in the slightest as we enjoyed the rooftop terrace during the day, when the bar was shut, and escaped for the complimentary drinks and cheeses in the evenings. I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kbhr
<Content>Little extra's give this hotel the edge       Room 502 dresser  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hotelgirl111
<Content>Hideaway in Manhattan We stayed at the Library Hotel in Manhattan and loved every last detail. The rooms are arranged by Dewey Decimal System subject, and each room has a floor-to-ceiling shelf of books on its theme. That said, the theme idea is tastefully done and not overwhelming.We were on the 3rd floor in Money. Our layout was not roomy, but neither was it cramped. Totally fine for two. The bedding is great, and the bathroom design is gorgeous. I took a soak in the large tub, which is really rare for NYC! My ONLY complaint about the entire place is that our bathroom had no visible means of ventilation, so it got really steamy in there when we showered.The best things about the Library Hotel are the public areas. On the 2nd floor, the Reading Room had snacks, coffee, tea and espresso at all hours of the day. The wine and cheese in the afternoon were great (Prosecco too!). Up top, the rooftop bar area gives a great metropolitan experience and was pretty as it turned dark and all the skyscrapers lit up.This hotel is perfect for any traveler who likes a comfortable luxury feel. It's very do-it-yourself, but the amenities were top notch. I loved it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happysheep
<Content>This hotel is awful! ONLY KIDDING! - it is fantastic - just don't want to tell everyone as it will be so hard to get a room in the future if everyone knows!!!Hotel booked based on the reviews for TA.We arrived on 14th Sept for our 6 night stay at about 3.30pm - no problem checking in (booked through Venere.com and double checked with hotel by email that they had got us booked in - been caught out before with third party bookings so always best to check!) Reception staff were really nice and we got allocated 1004 which is the Museum room on the General Knowledge floor (10th). They asked (and didn't presume - which is nice) if we needed the bellman to take our cases up - we didn't as we had one each but the bellman was really helpful getting our cases out of the car when we arrived and all 3 of the bellman that we met throughout our visit were so nice - never in your face as some can be. We got to our room (petite double) and we had expected it to be small (thanks to reviews on here) but to be honest we were actually quite relieved( we did so much walking on our trip that to only walk a few steps at night and in the morning from bathroom to bed and back again was a bit of a relief!) Who needs a big room anyway? We put our cases on top of the wardrobes (had to stand on chair to do this) but they were out of the way up there so left room to walk about.Facilities in room Safe in room - the type where you programme your own 4 digit code so very secure.Natura toileteries - shampoo, conditioner (took shampoo and conditioner in one but needed this too as water is very hard) shower gel, bar of exfoliating soap, ordinary soap and body lotion. Replenished every day if used. Shower cap, shoe polish, sewing kit, cotton buds and cotton wool balls. Hairdryer (took my 1400w travel one so didn't test the one in room) TV, DVD and CD (radio/alarm) - don't try and put the remote on top of the tv! I did this and it slips right down to the back of the mini bar fridge underneath!) I wasn't the only one to have done this (I later found out!) but sheepishly had to confess to it in the morning. A new one was brought up to us right away!Mini bar - not a complete rip off like they are in this country but beware - if you move it from it's little stand it will register as a purchase even if you put it back! I did this and had to let reception know that I hadn't actually eaten any of it - just had a look (it wasn't the stuff in the fridge but the peanuts etc above that I got caught out by!) Bed - Wow what a nice set up! There is what I would call a feather 'topper' on the mattress which is like sleeping on a feather duvet on top of the mattress - it has a sheet on top and you sink in to it. Then you have a feather duvet (covered) on top and I note a review before this which complained about the pillows being too hard. Just ask for a feather one (hopefully you are not allergic in which case you have to let them know in advance I would guess - about the whole bedding setup) There were only 3 pillows when we arrived - two on the bed and one in the cupbord. I just left a message for the housekeeper the next morning asking for an extra soft one and another one was duly supplied. Bathrobe - there was only one but if you needed another one then I am sure you would just need to ask - we didn't bother.Air Con - on demand - a bit noisy - it probably isn't noisy but when you don't have it in your own home it is more of an unfamiliar noise. We soon got used to it and we needed it!Elevator noise - none - it was right opposite our room door but on the rare occasion it 'pinged' when it got to our floor it was barely audible so not at all a bother.Noise from other rooms - none whatsoever!Noise from the street - some but not enough to make any impact on sleep.Hotel -Staff - so nice and friendly in a genuine way - always said hello.Breakfast (second floor) - help yourself style - coffee, tea (water was hot enough to make a decent cup - us Brits love our tea in the morning so it is nice to get a good one to set you up for the day) Juice, cereal, whole and fat free milk, croissants, pastries, muffins, bagels, bread, butter, cream cheese, jams, peanut butter, hard boiled eggs, fresh fruit and fat free yoghurts. It was fab and really started the day off well - on most days we didn't eat again until mid - afternoon!Wine and Cheese (second floor) - this was such a lovely touch. There was red, white and demi-sec sparkling plus bread, biscuits, cheese, mixed nuts etc. There is fresh fruit, cookies, buns and hot and cold beverages throughout the day as well as newspapers to read.Free Internet - in the little office on the second floor- I used this most days to check/send emails and then to check in on our flight home - you can print your boarding passes out.Rooftop bar (Bookmark) - we only made this on our last night and we both had a 'Bookmark' cocktail (yummy) at $15 each which I don't think is too bad - you also get a bowl of nibbles. Around $7 for a beer and not bad for wine (sorry I cannot remember price but remember not being shocked!). If you compare these hotel drink prices with those at home it is very reasonable I think. This bar is very popular at weekends with the public and appears to be an 'in place'.We felt the location was perfect as it is a stones throw from Grand Central Terminal and various other places and when having a drink in the evening (second floor) you can marvel at the madness on Madison Avenue (couldn't say that after a few glasses of wine!)All in all a fantastic hotel, no gripes about anything (and I am a fussy so and so - forgot to mention the hotel is so clean and tidy!) It wasn't cheap (about 拢200 per night) but you expect to pay that in NYC and we got our monies worth I would say especially with the breakfast and wine and cheese thrown in. We loved this hotel (oasis!) and we would definately stay again or if we couldn't get in we would stay in one of the other hotels in the group - Hotel Elysee (look on website for special offers for Xmas - would have gone this year but hubby cannot get time off!!), Hotel Giraffe or Hotel Casablanca.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bety
<Content>Classy indulgence This was an awesome experience. Staff couldn't do enough for you and chocolates were left for you every day, as well as complimentary bottles of water. After travelling through South America, this is just the little bit of pampering we needed :) Perfectly located, close to everywhere. Nice end of town (midtown I believe - you get used to the lingo when you are there). Food really great. Really exceptional cheeses and my husband said the wine was pretty great too. Perfect to have snacks to get you through between lunch and dinner. Just loved this place. Bought a mug to remember our time there. Thank you to the staff for making this NY trip one to remember. We will be back! Just be aware that although the prices are on the upper end, most NY hotels are expensive even if they are not so classy.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tpcphilly
<Content>First-rate experience Our first stay at the Library Hotel, and my wife and I couldn't have been more pleased. The staff and accomodations were exceptional , the location was extremely convenient to all we had planned, and the 2nd floor reading room was a superb spot to enyoy wine and cheese in the evening before dinner and a continental breakfast the next morning. Our only regret was that we couldn't stay longer. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SaraPB67
<Content>Top Class We loved the Library Hotel. After debating long and hard about our choice of hotel in New York, my 10 year old daughter made the final selection of the Library hotel (purely based on the fact she is an avid reader and loves books!)The hotel is in an excellent location; really close to Grand Central, Empire State, Time Square, etc. Cabs are abundant on Madison Avenue for those destinations you don't want to walk to. The bellhop will hail one for you if you ask.The decor and layout are nice, particularly the 2nd floor reading room which offers complimentary snacks and drinks 24/7. Wine and cheese are offered in the afternoon, which is a real bonus. It is worth mentioning, however, that tea/coffee etc are not offered by room service or available in your room. This means that if you fancy a hot drink at bedtime or first thing you have to go and get it yourself. (Not a major problem, but I would have preferred room service for my early morning tea.)Our room was fairly small but well appointed. There was both a CD and DVD player (you can borrow films from reception), mini bar, safe and robes. The bathroom was lovely.We liked the idea of the themed rooms. I did request something with a fairly childish theme for my daughter. We were a little disappointed when we checked in to find our room's theme was African Religion. However, everything else about the hotel was so great it really didn't matter in the grand scheme of things.In summary, the Library Hotel has got everything. Style, location and the service really is second to none.Thank you to everyone at the Library Hotel for making our stay such an enjoyable one.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>arcoonetoe
<Content>Another rave review We decided to go with the Library Hotel because we'd read about it in a guide book and it sounded interesting, Besides it had all these great reviews here going for it. We were not disappointed. The staff were extremely helpful overall, but especially with local directions and suggestions. We did have a minor plumbing problem right after we checked in around 1am, but they had someone come up and fix it immediately. The reading room with its breakfast, free NY Times, wine and cheese and 24 hour cookies was a great extra touch. So was the free internet access. We went with a standard size room which was quite nice and while not big was certainly adequate in size. The hotel's location near Grand Central Station, 5th Ave, the NY Library (interesting tour by the way) is great as well. The books are both a fun theme and quite useful. My wife read a couple from the hotel's shelves while we were there. The Library Hotel is fairly pricey, but then so are so many NY hotels. If you're on a budget it's probably a poor choice, but if you want to indulge a bit the service and extras are worthy of a far more expensive hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bea98
<Content>The little things that make it great! My husband and I just got back from a weekend anniversary trip to NYC with a stay at the Library Hotel. We had a wonderful time! We read many reviews here on tripadvisor and decided to go for it. We were looking for something a little different and we were very happy! We checked in to the hotel late, at about 10:00 p.m. on Friday night. The desk staff was friendly and helpful. They had glasses of wine sent up to our room shortly after our check-in. (They did that for the couple that checked in right before us, too.)  Our room, the Mathematics room, was tidy, comfortable and, as mentioned by many reviewers, small. But not uncomfortably small- after all, how much space do you need in a hotel room? For what? =) There was a full-sized bed, a built-in dresser/vanity/tv cabinet, two nightstands, a chair and a small bookcase. There was enough room for the two of us to move around, as needed. The bed was good and comfy (with a feather-top and a down comforter), though the pillows left a little to be desired...The bathroom was a good size, clean and comfortable with a nice shower and a jar of cotton balls and cotton swabs! (I thought that was a cute touch.) In our brief time in NY we partook of the complimentary breakfast (a wonderful way to start the day) with bagels, cereal, fruit salad, pastries, coffees, teas and juices. We also enjoyed the 5-8pm wine and cheese- a great way to relax before dinner!! After our dinner we returned and sat out for a drink on the roof-top lounge. The weather was perfect and the view a lot of fun!! (The drinks were a little pricey, but I guess average for NY prices? $12 for a cocktail, $12+ for a glass of wine) But it was worth sitting out there and enjoying the evening!The location is nice- very close to grand central station and within NY walking distance to Times Square, Central Park and other must sees. We didn't have much planned but had a nice time walking around in fabulous weather!There's also a computer room with two computers and a printer which you can use for free (and we did- to print out our boarding passes and find a restaurant). And there's wireless in the rooms, if you bring your laptop, which we didn't.Everyone was very attentive to our needs and questions! We thought this was an excellent place to stay because of all those little added features that made it comfortable and functional- for the price you'd pay at a bigger hotel without any of those amenities or the personal attention!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jameshayes
<Content>Amazing!       Wine room  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cpennnh
<Content>Lovely Library I saw all of the 5-star reviews here and thought it had to be good...and it was. The staff were all 1st rate, the decor was lovely and interesting and the cleanliness of the hotel could not be beat. We thought the room was a nice size and price for NYC, and even though there was no coffee pot in the room, we had coffee delivered to us within 5 minutes after calling downstairs. Great service! I don't believe I've ever seen anything like it and I've stayed at the Ritz many times.My only drawbacks were that A) they did not do the free wine and cheese on Sunday nights, which is when we stayed and B) the beds were not as big and fluffy as they are at some of the hotels we frequent these days. But, the staff makes up for it because they are so nice all the time and there is always someone there to stow your bags or ask if you need anything. I would recommend if you're looking for a quiet spot and quiet atmosphere.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Staff and Location Great fun being reacquainted with the Dewey Decimal System - that's how you find your room. We have stayed here four times and have always had a different room. Each room has a specific subject matter, such as architecture, history, etc. The staff gives great advice on what to do, where to go and what's current in the city. We love the complimentary breakfast and wine and cheese in the early evening. Great staff and location.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Library Hotel - a repeater In a world of increasing uniformity and plasticity, it is a joy to find a unique oasis. Library hotel is such a place. From check-in by a smart, friendly front desk staff, each of whom serves as a well-informed concierge, to the sleek, well- appointed rooms, each distinguished by a literary theme, to the glorious upper-floor public spaces perfect for a rainy afternoon read in front of the fireplace, Library Hotel is a repeater. I plan to make it my home away from home from now on.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! My boyfriend and I travelled to New York with another couple and stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The staff were incredibly helpful and welcoming. They were keen to assist in finding and booking reservations at restaurants. When we stayed it was very very warm and staff always allowed us to take an extra bottle of water up to our room.Breakfast wasn't very varied but all the basics were there; cereals, bagels, tea and coffee. The complimentary wine and cheese from 5pm to 8pm every evening was brilliant and exactly what the average tourist needs after a long day of sight seeing and in preparation for a night out. The rooftop bar on the top floor is excellent on a hot New York night, with glittering views of the city.The rooms were relatively small, but very clean and well appointed with large bathrooms. The hotel itself is in an ideal location, just 10 minutes walk from the Empire State Building. It is close to some good restaurants and I would definately recommend the Pershing Square just a block away.All in all a brilliant holiday in a perfect hotel. Next time i go to NY I will definately be stayng at the Library Hotel!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay at Library Hotel We had a marvelous stay at Library Hotel. The concept is very clever and amusing. The staff is courteous and attentive. Our room (double bed) was a bit small, but very tidy and cozy. The included buffet breakfast, while not extraordinary, was very good and plentiful. The hotel is very nicely situated; we could visit a lot of interesting places under a 10 minutes walk and a lot more under a 30 minutes walk.All in all, we would recommend the Library Hotel. We will return.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>narnialady
<Content>Great birthday weekend trip. I surprised my husband with a trip to NYC for his birthday. I did extensive research into the NYC hotels and selected the Library Hotel from the reviews of several different sources. My husband and I were both very pleased with the hotel, its location and the rooftop bar area. Unfortunately we did not have an opportunity to try the hotel restaurant, but we did wish we had b/c of the corner location it looked as though it would have been a great place to relax, have a drink and a meal, and watch the traffic and people of NYC rush by.We very much enjoyed the rooftop bar. We went up, had a mojito and relaxed our first afternoon there, and then later met up with some friends who live in NYC and they were also impressed with the atmosphere of the bar. It seemed to be a favorite hang out of locals getting off work as well.The hotel was immaculate. The staff was very friendly. We stayed out most of the day, so we never got to take advantage of the wine and cheese, but the continental breakfast was more than adequate. It was perfect after a very late night out to go down, get a plate of croissant sandwiches, muffins and fruit, a cup of coffee or hot tea, and then journey back up to the room and recover with breakfast in bed.The hotel had such a great feel and atmosphere. The rooms were not large, but they were not cramped either (we had a Deluxe Queen), and the bathrooms were a very nice size. There is a stocked mini-bar in the room which we used to store deli items from Zabar's to snack on.I don't think we could have had a better location for the price and we would definitely recommend this place to others.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Trip!! I lived in New York for a time, and travel back twice a year to visit friends and enjoy the city that I love so much.I try to stay in a different hotel each time, but I won't continue doing that because I found the perfect hotel in The Library.Everything was terrific from start to finish. I was travelling with my 5 yr old daughter this trip, and we were both treated like royalty at The Library.The complimentary bottled water, wine and cheese, cookies, lemonade, and breakfasts were wonderful.We did venture out to breakfast occasionally to find my daughter pancakes, and the wonderful Pershing Square restaurant fit the bill nicely, only one block from the hotel.We even received a free upgrade without asking to a beautiful large room on the 12th floor....Ancient Religions room after initially checking in to the pretty Fairy Stories room on the 8th floor. Both the smaller and larger rooms were equally as inviting and comfortable.The bedding is wonderful. Views were terrific. Service great.We ordered late night room service one evening for my little girl, and her grilled cheese and fries arrived from a nearby deli in under 30 minutes, hot, and reasonably priced.This hotel was marvelous. Just marvelous. I will not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jrock_unc
<Content>When you think New York City, this is it...       View from 14th floor terrace  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nlg
<Content>wonderful hotel in midtown We just returned from a four night stay at the Library Hotel. We had a wonderful timeand loved the hotel. We stayed in a queen room on the 11th floor(at the end of the hall).The room was small, but not as small as I expected from the reviews. The bed wasvery comfortable and we didn't hear much street noise or noise in the hotel itself.We really enjoyed the morning breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese. Therewere snacks, coffee and tea available all day and that was a nice treat after a dayof sightseeing.The staff was great and very helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions.If we go to New York again, we will stay here and I will recommend it to all my friends.The location was also great. We could walk everywhere we wanted to go. Wewalked to Central Park, The Today Show, all along Fifth Ave., Time Square,the UN Building, Empire State Building and Top of the Rock, and Grand Central Station.The subway stop was very close to go downtown to the Staten Island Ferry, TwinTowers site and the Brooklyn Bridge.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Yes, the rooms are small, but look at the building from the outside, and it's clear that they had no choice. The downstairs lobby is nice, but nothing special. The second floor library area provides a heavy continental breakfast that's perfect for a few nights' stay, and has snacks all day, which is nice for when youjust came in from the day sightseeing, are doing a little RR before the evening, and just don't feel like going back out for something. We had a queen room, and it was big enough for the two of us, with a very nice bathroom. From looking at the drawings, and how the building is laid out, a petite room would definitely be a one person proposition. Don't sweat the theme of the room, as there are too few books in each room for it to make much difference. The rooftop bar has 5 small areas. One is the bar itself, which is essentially the elevator landing. To the left is a den type area, with a very cool curved glass topped sunroom space. To the right off of the elevator is a more traditional sunroom type area which leads to the rooftop deck. Yes, it's loud out there, but you're in NYC. the view is nice, and it's a very comfortable space.The staff was very helpful and efficient, and of all things to notice, the music in common spaces is wonderful. All in all, a great hotel that I would highly recommend.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I loved this hotel. The location was perfect and the staff was great. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect honeymoon I arrived for a 10 night stay for my honeymoon on April 10th 2006 and stayed in the 'Love Room' which has its own balcony. The room could not have been more lovely and the staff were very relaxed and helpful. When we arrived we were told to make the most of the 2nd floor where the free cheese and wine is provided from 5 - 8pm every day and where breakfast is served. We spent time there every day and it was wonderful. We never felt uncomfortable about spending time and relaxing with a drink there. The whole stay was magical and we were well looked after. The location of the hotel is brilliant and very central but also not right in the thick of Times Square. We stayed in the Crowne Plaze last year(which is also a great hotel) and the Library offers a very different experience - much more relaxed and friendly. It is highly recommended for a special trip.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>InspiredTraveller
<Content>Perfect friendly small hotel in the middle of New York From arriving mid wine and cheese (perfect!) to our stay over the next 4 days we were very pleased to have found such a friendly, comfortable and well located hotel in New York. Having researched (extensively!) where to stay we were very pleased with our decision to choose the library hotel as the 'reading room' for breakfast, daytime coffees and snacks, then the wine and cheese meant that there was always something to eat and drink whenever sightseeing/shopping had got the better of you. This set up also meant you got to meet and chat to other guests which is always nice to compare notes. However as mentioned in other reviews yes, the rooms are small, but they are very nice. Dont expect to be able to open your suitcases and use the bed at the same time is all! Would have given the hotel an excellent rating if the espresso machine hadn't been out of action for most of our stay (which for a jet-lagged husband was very important!).All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly - got good dinner reservation advice from the vast array of choices available.Would stay here again and will be recommending.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveldallas,pa
<Content>Another Satisfied Customer! After reading all of the accolades for the Library Hotel, my husband  I were curious to see whether we would agree....and we do! We enjoyed the complimentary wine  cheese in the afternoon. Again, we wondered, if complimentary would it still be good? The wine, cheese,  other snacks offered were of good quality  replenished often. We thought that this was such a nice thing for the hotel to provide for its guests. On the 14th floor is the bar area where an outside patio area is located. Although the rooms are small, they are very comfortable and quiet. There were only 4 rooms on our floor  we never heard any noise from the other rooms. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel staff were a pleasure to deal with, they were welcoming  attentive. We already know that when we are in NYC again, we will stay at the Library Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PhilippaL
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel in the middle of New York hustle Great service, with nice extra touches such as wine and cheese each evening. Enjoyed the books and the lounge. Handy computer access too. Very convenient location. Nice but small rooms.As others mentioned rooms really are quite small for 2, baths are quite shallow and it is not cheap.But positives definately outweight the negatives, really nice stay, we will stay again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller-Bajan
<Content>Loved it! Even if I didn't know what to expect I've been to several hotels in just the last 3 months and this is one of my favourites.I had to stay at this hotel unexpectedly and was a bit frantic because I hadn't heard about it before.However, this all changed when I walked through the doors. It's in a very central location and the hotel is well laid out. The decor is elegant and classy, modern and warm all wrapped up in one. The books are classic.The staff was extremely friendly and made me feel comfortable. My room was clean and all the amenities in place.My only reservations: (1) the petite room is very small. If you like space then this is not the room for you. If you like cozy and close then this will do.Continental breakfast is just average fare. Restaurant next door is nice but a bit pricey.All is all, great place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>welltripped
<Content>Best NY hotel for solo women As well as looking stylish from its website, I chose this hotel for its safe location, small size and proximity to transport hubs. It is the best hotel I have stayed in as a solo woman traveller and I would thoroughly recommend it to any woman coming to New York alone. The service is personal and friendly and the atmosphere conducive to a feeling of wellbeing. The petite rooms are indeed petite but are more than fully equipped and extremely comfortable. The small business centre is user-friendly and I really enjoyed the wine and cheese served in the evenings. Absolutely recommended.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lfjkfiutnt
<Content>Fab Hotel Right in Midtown This is a great boutique hotel - I will definitely stay there again. The staff were warm, friendly  helpful - the breakfasts were good, the rooftop bar great fun. It is convenient to shops on 5th Ave  is right near Grand Central Station for sightseeing via subway. But be warned, when they say petite room they really do mean it. Mine was a lovely room with a proper bath, but definitely only for one person (or two who are 'very' close). The book theme is charming, I stayed comfortably in the Encyclopedia section.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pukka Place!! A wonderful hotel and an excellent location - close to grand central station, times square, 5th avenue, Empire State etc...On arrival after a long flight we arrived too late for the complimentary wine and cheese (which is a very nice idea!) so were asked if we wanted a glass of wine brought up to our room. We asked for a glass of red and a glass of white, only to be brought a bottle of each with a lovely selection of cheeses! Rooms, although slightly small (which didn't really matter as we were not planning on spending lots of time there) were comfortable and clean. Good view onto maddison avenue. Staff were friendly and made you feel welcome, breakfast was adequate but not much of a selection (apart from the coffee's)Lots of books everywhere (i suppose it is the library hotel!) having spotted other hotels in NY we are very happy to have choosen the library - and would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Library Great Hotel. Loved the Lounge. It was relaxing and enjoyed the complimentary snacks. The staff was helpful and room was great. I will be back.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Library Hotel What a great find in a city of many hotels. The rooms were new, nicely furnished and they all had a theme. The staff was outstanding, to the point of feeling like we were at Cheers Bar where everybody knows your name. I visit NY 4-6 times per year, and have stayed in most of the named hotels however, those days are over. This will be my hotel of choice from now on, clean, friendly, great water pressure and very comfortable.When you go try the junior suites and their breathtaking view of Madison Avenue.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My new favorite No more monoliths for me. The intimate setting, the tight security, the proximity to all the best spots--all reason enough. The roof-top terrace with the beautiful view of the Morgan Library is such an unexpected pleasure. The staff could not have been more attentive. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Valentine's Day, Middle of the Week I had heard about the Library Hotel from one of my buddies. I thought I would surprise my girlfriend for Valentine's Day with a night at the hotel. From the moment we walked in to when we checked out, the staff could not have been nicer and more attentive. We felt like celebrities, even in the middle of the week. The rooms are clean, comfortable and quiet. It's my girlfriend's turn to surprise me, but it's going to be hard for her to beat this stay.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bizandlestravel
<Content>Fabulous! We just returned from a fabulous weekend at the Library Hotel. The staff was so accommodating and helpful without being intrusive. Each morning we enjoyed a lavish (not skimpy!) breakfast buffet in the 2nd floor 'lounge' area. We also had wine and nibbles there each evening - all of this was free!The rooms well appointed and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever experienced.We will definitely return to the Library Hotel!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SouthernPotter
<Content>Great small New York hotel Stayed in the Hotel Library in New York in mid Feb 2006  can fully recommend it. Very convenient location, close to 5th ave  Grand Central Station. Staff friendly  efficient. Good free breakfasts  also tea (very important for us non coffee drinkers)  coffee all day. Nice low key themed rooms, linking to likely library topics, i.e. geography, history, law, etc. it's better that it sounds. Bedrooms a little bit on the small side, but average for New York  a nice bigger that normal bathroom. Nice if a bit pricey resturant linked to it as well  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Library! My husband and I were guests at the Library Hotel for our daughter's engagement party. Everything about the hotel was perfect, at least for us. It's near the things we want to do -- browse the NY Public Library, have lunch on the grass at Bryant Park, walk to Central Park, window shop on 5th Avenue. The staff were helpful and friendly. Everything worked! The elevator, the shower, the television. The rooms are nicely appointed, maintained well, the bed was comfortable and turn down service with chocolates was a special touch. The hotel did a fine job with our daughter's party which was held in the roof-top lounge. What a great place to have a party! We also enjoyed being able to read the NY Times in leisure while having our morning coffee in the reading room on the 2nd floor. That room, along with ours and all the other guest rooms is lined with books of all shapes, sizes and subjects. It truly is a library! And a lovely place to stay if you want to be right in the middle of bustling Manhattan -- just around the corner from Grand Central!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! What a wonderful concept. Book early for a room that suits you. The Library combines a modern and stylish atmosphere with the comforts one expects from an upscale facility.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will return to the Library Hotel I arrived early on a Saturday evening. Check-in was fast, and my first choice room (Geography  Travel) was available. Enjoyed the complimentary wine and cheese reception. Started reading one of the books in my room. I called the front desk for ice; within minutes a bellman was knocking at my door with a full ice bucket. Bed was cozy. Fell asleep to nature sounds on the clock radio. Room was immaculate - absolutely no complaints in that department. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FoxsmumMelbourne
<Content>Expensive but worth it We selected this hotel for 6 nights in NY in November 2005 based on Tripadvisor reviews. This hotel is in a great location, right in the centre of Manhattan, about a block from grand central station so easy to get to anywhere else in NY. The hotel was lovely, rooms were a good size (however we went one up from 'petite' based on TA reviews). Lovely decor, clean and well functioning bathrooms. Was so fantastic to have breakfast, all day snacks and the wine and cheese selection each evening included in the room price. Staff were fantastic - we spent an hour one day just swapping travel stories! Only down side (and I hate to do this because I would stay there again finances permitting) is we did find a baby cockroach on our last night, and the toilet blocked up on the last night. Overall, great if a tad pricey hotel, so shop around for deals.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michmast
<Content>Beautiful boutique hotel My husband and I stayed at the Library hotel for 5 nights in November. We were in the Philosophy room which was a petit double and very cosy and chic.The hotel staff were very helpful and even greeted us in Irish on our arrival! We loved the roof top bar with outside patio and the complimentary breakfast was great - especially the vanilla bean coffee. We'll stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EllenStratford_CT
<Content>A new favorite My husband and I stayed for two nights and had one of the most pleasant hotel experiences we've had in a long time. The hotel seemed recently renovated with soft neutrals that were relaxing but not dull. The staff was warm and efficient, the hotel was immaculate. I liked the fact that we were near everything without the noise and hyper activity of some mid-town areas. The junior suite was delightful and quite reasonable. We absolutely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A honeymooner's haven Cool, calm and charming - the Library Hotel was the perfect Manhattan base for the first leg of our honeymoon. Friendly, knowledgable staff made us feel so at home. And who can knock the complimentary cheese and wine that kick-started pretty much every evening of our stay?! We had the Love Room, which is worth the extra cost thanks to a small balcony that reminds you you're in one of the most exciting cities in the world. Great rooftop cocktails too! We loved it.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Stay at Manhattan Gem!! stayed with 4 persons for 7 days at the library hotel. location is perfect to conquer nyc on foot, plus taxis are always available and grand central station is just a 2 minute walk. rooms are small, but very nicely arranged. were delighted by the complementary afternoon wine and cheese in the 'living room' on the second floor, staff in general could not have been more helpful and nice. deli is right next door, make sure to get one of those sandwiches...would definitely stay again at the library hotel and cannot rate this high enough. had a look at several smaller upscale hotels in soho and midtown, and the library is the place to be!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>M05Xmas
<Content>Lovely little hotel - perfectly formed The Library Hotel was lovely, small and delicate. But with really good service. We had the Love Room which was an ok size with a small balcony overlooking Madison. A great big bed, nice bath room and attention to detail. The books were plentiful and interesting. Some were signed copies too. Plus they refilled all free items every day in the room water, shampoo etc.There was complimentory breakfast (yummy), coffees, juices and snacks all day long, a cheese and wine 5-7pm free again, and also free web access in a little office next to the reading rooms.Note: the suite's are not what we would normally call a suite ie two rooms. But I could recommend the hotel highly for its charecter, service, breakfast and staff. Plus the location is GOOD. Its easy to walk anywhere from here - or get the subway or attract a cab.So, it was 4.5 stars from me.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johanna0425
<Content>Fabulous! I absolutely loved the Library Hotel from the moment I stumbled into the lobby, drenched, after trudging from Penn Station in killer heat  humidity, the porter took charge of my battered LLBean duffel as if it were the finest luggage, and I was met at the front desk with not so much as a quivering eyebrow by the utterly professional staff. The room *was* teensy, but so well designed and thought out that it was perfectly functional and comfortable. Coffee table art books in built-in shelving was a very special touch. (I think I was in the Museum room.) Lovely, continental plus breakfast. Very sorry I didn't get a chance to take advantage of the afternoon wine  cheese offering.At $209, plus tax, the hotel was a bit spenny for me, but not for NYC, I know. But it was so perfect, I'd have to give it full marks for value.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zliz24
<Content>Loved the Library       Bathroom :-)  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel Have just spent three nights in the Library hotel. Very impressed. Was our first visit to New York, so cannot compare it with other NYC hotels, but we would normally stay in a larger chain place, and loved the more intimate boutique feel that the Library has. Very clean. Small rooms, but not a problem. Comfy bed. Good all inclusive breakfast. Complimentary afternoon snacks, cheese and wine was a nice touch. Located very well. Walking distance of almost everything we did. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Library Hotel We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Library Hotel. We were in room 400.002 and it was perfect. Yes the rooms are on the small side, but my husband and I had no problem storing our luggage, clothes, etc. The bed was very comfortable, loved the down pillows and comforter cover, the bathroom was clean and well kept. The neutral colors in the room and the contemporary lines made for a beautiful and well laid out room. What truly makes the hotel is the 2nd floor lounge. From the breakfast to the late night snacks, it was a great place to unwind or prepare for the day. The staff were very helpful with dinner recommendations and directions. The hotel location was a 15 minute walk to the Theatre district or 5-7 minutes to Grand Central Terminal. We have stayed in quite a few hotels in NYC and this is by far our most favorite among the boutique type hotels. If you want impersonal, larger rooms and lots of people, then try one of the chain hotels near Time Square. Otherwise, give the Library a try...I doubt you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveller171175
<Content>Great hotel A charming hotel. Lots of extras you don't expect in NYC - eg free breakfast, cheese and wine every early evening, coffee and biscuits. Rooms small but very comfortable and clean. Great location - quiet but close to everything in Midtown. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AntonyG
<Content>Gem of a hotel This is a particularly agreeable hotel with friendly staff, nice furnishings, and excellent value for money given the included breakfast, wine/cheese evenings, and coffee and tea on-tap, so to speak. Our petite double room was, as expected, space-challenged, but clever use of the available space minimized the bother, and for a 2-night stay it was not a problem. For longer stays, I would invest in a larger room.Particularly appreciated was the ability to set up my laptop and connect to the internet for free without having to re-arrange the furniture, unplug lamps, and so on (which is so often the case at more expensive hotels).The lounge on the 2nd floor is a lovely space to relax, and the bar on the top floor is also worth a visit (or two).  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnthonyE1
<Content>Loved the Library Hotel       bed  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Forever Loyal I wish I had something negative to say about this hotel, but draw a blank. After 2 months of reading online traveler reviews and a few travel books, we decided to stay at the Library Hotel. After an overnight flight, and arriving half dead to The Library, we were warmly welcomed and were promptly checked in. Although a room was not ready for us at 7am, they stored our bags for us and offered us the use of the 2nd floor lounge to rest and get a bite to eat from the complimentary breakfast. Tired and a little jet lagged, we headed upstairs and were pleasantly suprised to find all kinds of pastries (chocolate filled croissants my personal fave!), fresh fruit, juice, cereal, etc. We rested for a bit and filled our tummies and then it was off for the day. When we returned about 2pm, we grabbed our key from the front desk and headed to room 800.004. The room was very nice and clean, updated too. Traveling with my sister, we didn't find the petite room or the full size bed too small. We enjoyed the duvet on the bed, a desk for catching up on correspondence from the day, and the bottled water (at no charge! go figure) Unfortunately, we hit the first couple of days of non stop rain, and were always asked by the bellman if we would like to borrow one of the hotels umbrellas for the day. On our last day, the hotel was happy to store our bags until our flight later that evening, and also checked us out over the phone while we were trying to get in some last minute shopping and sightseeing. Overall, we found the staff and accommodations way above and beyond our expectations. We are definately fans of this hotel, and will stay here on all of our trips to the Big Apple! Thanks Library, you're no. 1!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>artslover
<Content>Excellent junior suite stay       Fashion room book shelf  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made my honeymoon amazing My new husband and I stayed at the library in May this year for our honeymoon and could not be more complimentary. The rooms are beautiful and very clean we had a great view from our room of the library and the views from the terraces were also stunning. The whole hotel was nicely decorated and very trendy but very relaxed at the same time. It was a perfect balance.The staff were also excellent, every one was really friendly and chatty, breakfast was lovely and they do great coffee!!Excellent location also, Grand Central station was only a 5 minute walk and Times Square was only 10 minutes. We had never visited New York before and they had an excellent guide in the room which really helped. When we visit New York again for our 5th Anniversary we will definately go back to the Library.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find Althought the rooms are quite small, they are modern and spotless. Nice breakfast buffet, great rooftop bar with terrace, evening wine and cheese, friendly staff and cute Dewey decimal system themed rooms with lots of books. Good central location near Grand Central Station. This is a little gem.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loudfan
<Content>A wonderful oasis of calm in the middle of Manhattan My husband and I spent a week at the Library Hotel in late August. I discovered it through this site, and thought it sounded lovely (the fact that I'm a die-hard book/library fan helped make the sale!). It was everything I had hoped for and more. I've stayed at many different hotels all over NY, and this is by far my favorite. The room was small but very well designed, so it didn't feel cramped. Also, there are so many wonderful places to hang out, particularly the spacious 2nd floor lounge area, which offers free breakfast, wine  cheese Mon-Sat evenings, and coffee/tea/cookies throughout the day. There's a Starbucks across the street, but you won't need it, since there is also an espresso machine that makes a yummy cappucino! The free business center with computer/printer was also welcome, so I could check my e-mail every day without having to track down an internet cafe. (I never bring a laptop with me when I'm on vacation, but I do like being able to stay connected at least a little bit!) I also appreciated the fact that there are only 6 rooms per floor, so it's MUCH more quiet than larger hotels, where people are coming and going at all hours. I never heard a peep from outside our room. Times Square is an easy 10-minute walk away, and with Grand Central practically right next door, it's always easy to find a cab or take the subway. Highly recommended. I definitely plan to return to the Library Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tcdf080305
<Content>An excellent hotel! Excellent hotel...Delicious breakfasts, afternoon wine and cheese...Great views, spacious and clean rooms....Polite and professional staff...Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great atmosphere! Overall, I liked this hotel a lot. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The location was great - not too far from the action (shopping, theaters, great restaurants) but not too close, so it was quiet. The rooftop bar was very cool. We stayed on a Saturday, and the rooftop bar was open after 4pm. The public was able to access it, and it was not too crowded. In the early afternoon there was wine and cheese in the lounge area - a nice touch to this unique hotel. We stayed in a double room. The room was a tad small but good for 1 night. The bathroom was modern and clean. The room was also quiet, which sometimes is hard to find in Manhattan. The price for our stay was not that much more than other hotels in the area, and we felt we got a better experience. Tip: skip breakfast and grab something elsewhere. Rolls and bagels were stale but that was not disappointing to us. We grabbed some food in Bryant Park and soaked up the atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't have been better Ok, I'm biased. My boyfriend whisked me away for a surprise weekend in NYC to propose, and this is where we stayed.But, I have to say that the Library Hotel was perfect for us. The staff were attentive, the room was a joy (we had the Fairy Stories room) and the location couldn't have been better - close to the action but not completely in the thick of things.The hotel has a kind of low key, intimate luxury without opulence or pretentiousness. It was perfect for a romantic break.Breakfast was extensive and very tasty - we sadly missed out on the wine in the afternoon, but the upstairs lounge and balcony were a treat and we would have spent more time there if we hadn't been so busy enjoying New York!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Stayed at the Library hotel for a week in July and my room, studio size, was small but charming. Loved having all the books around even though who has time to read in NYC? The bar on the top floor has a great view. Service was impeccable daily. Staff was warm and helpful. It is a block from Grand Central and a few blocks from great shopping on 5th Avenue. I was in heaven all week. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for the couple on the go We just got back from staying at the Library. We had an excellent time. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. The hotel is in a great location. It is within walking distance to Times Square ( I would not stay in this area...much too hectic) and Grand Central Station (where you can catch the subway trains at any hour). The hotel rooms were small (but who hangs out in their hotel room in New York?). The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated. The noise level was never a problem. The complimentary breakfast and wine and cheese were a nice addition to the services offered by the hotel. This room was a nice relaxing area where you could sit back and relax after a long day of being out in the city. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in Midtown for an extremely reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful for the Honeymoon! We spent a most wonderful few days in this Hotel for our Honeymoon. We spent the time in the Love room, the only room with a balcony. We enjoyed making the most of what the hotel had to offer - terraces and a fireplace upstairs that we opened a bottle of sparkling wine in front of. The staff was very friendly to us - and not because we were honeymooners - they didn't know that. I have recommended this hotel to everyone! Considering the location the price is not bad either.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cipi2000
<Content>Best Boutique Hotel Ever! My husband and I just spent 4 nights in the Biography Room at this PERFECTLY located, convenient, comfortable, friendly and tasteful hotel. You select your library topic when you book your room. Our room was beautiful; dark wood modern furniture,marble counters, 100 books, pull-out sofa and a choice of 100 videos from the American Film Institute with a view of the NYC Public Library. The entire 2nd floor has an enormous library with more than a free Continental Breakfast - Hard boiled eggs, cereals, fruit salad, croissants, muffins etc. till 10am and 11am weekends. 24/7 there is an assortment of gourmet coffees, teas, lemonade, fresh fruits, cheese  wine, and Pepperidge Farm cookies. Every day there is an assortment of newspapers and 2 computers. On the 14th floor there is the Poetry Garden, a beautiful cozy living room, Bar area, and lovely outside terrace with a classical music background. We walked to Broadway Shows, the Empire State Building, Lincoln Center and only minutes away by cab from the Village, Soho, Lower East Side and United Nations. We also used The Library Website's Broadway Package and got sold-out seats to Spamalot! What else could you ask for?  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good 3* surprisingly our first non smoking room absolutely reeked of cigarettes. we asked to be moved and waited 30 minutes for the bellman to show us to another room. we finally went and got the key and moved ourselves. never saw the bellman again during our stay there. the hotel room was not quiet for a library...the library book concept is clever, however. the reading room with complimentary beverages and hors doeuvres was a nice touch. front desk staff gave us a bum steer about the time needed to get to jfk in early morning traffic - 1 1/2 hours was really a 15 minute drive - we could have used the extra sleep. the restaurant downstairs should be avoided at all costs. look for something else in the neighborhood. hotel was a good value but it's not quite there - a solid 2 1/2 - 3***.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Understated Elegance with a Bounty of Perks Though many reviewers have noted the delicious or tasty treats that are available throughout the day, I want to mention the variety and abundance which are available to guests at no charge. Thirsty? Grab a bottle of water from your room or the 14th floor. Need a sugar fix in the afternoon? Choose from a nice variety of cookies or healthy fruits on the 2nd floor. Looking for a little something to tide you over until dinner? Have some cheese, bread and wine before heading out to a late dinner. This extra touch not only saves you a bunch of odds and ends money, but the convenience makes life that much easier.The rooms at this hotel, though on the smaller side, have all the fine touches, and from my experience, there is no way that you will find this high of quality as well as a large size for the rates offerred by the hotel. A few extra comments . . . Wireless internt is offered on the 2nd floor, but I was able to get a weak signal in my room. The staff recommended a wonderful, out of the way place for dinner, and overall they were very, very accomodating. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just perfect We stayed for 3 nights. This part of NYC is more quite than Time Square but you can still walk there and enjoy without the crazy noise. We had dinner on the roof and it was the best meal of our visit. The staff was awesome. We will certainly return again and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Newcmitch
<Content>A lovely , relaxing base from which to explore New York       Bedroom  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>odog828
<Content>DEFINITE return to the Library Hotel What a wonderful hotel. The rooms are small, but the rest of the hotel makes it all worth it! The second floor big library with piano and wine and appetizers and the extensive breakfast array of scones, breads, fruits, and cereals is just fabulous and so relaxing. Even cappucino and expresso all day--complimentary, too. Close to theaters, subway, and all fun things in NYC. Staff was very helpful and polite. Rate was better than many much lesser quality hotels.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sheilajgw
<Content>Lovely, Quiet, Small Intimate Hotel My husband and I stayed three nights here -- our overall feeling is that it is a very nice, quiet, intimate place to stay, but do not expect great luxury, pampering or 5 star service. This is a small boutique hotel, with many good things to offer: wonderful location at 41st and Madison, very nice, accomodating staff, spotless rooms and bathrooms (styled in a upscale cleanArmani type minimalist decor), a 2nd floor reading lounge with 24 hour coffee and snacks, as well as a daily wine and cheese high tea time, a lovely complementary breakfast, and complementary use of 2nd floor computers and internet.However, be aware that this is a converted office building--Our room was very small (we had a jr. suite) --the king bed consumed most of the room space --the bathroom was miniscule -- could accomodate only one person at a time. The hallway outside our room and at the elevator was no more that 4-5 feet wide and the elevators were tiny, though nicely updated--While it is to the owner's credit that he was able to turn a warren of tiny offices into livable space, the the overall feeling from the moment you walk into the lobby is very claustrophobic.If you are looking for a feeling of luxury, space, romance, pampering, this isn't the hotel for you. However, this hotel is very nice for what it is --if you are looking for the intimacy of a basic upscale boutique hotel, this is a great choice.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rcepuch
<Content>Wonderful place My wife and I often kid each other that we'd like to have an apartment over a library. This place goes one better: The library is scattered among the guestrooms themselves, with each room taking on a Dewey Decimal system category theme. We enjoyed the Photography room for two nights in April 2005. The room was small - this is NYC, after all - but very well appointed. The breakfast buffett on the second floor is very good. Better still is the top-floor reception area, featuring two rooftop patios.All in all, an outstanding experience. If you're at all a book person, you must go to the Library!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrequentPoipuVisitor
<Content>Warmth, personality and charm in great location From the moment you arrive at the Library Hotel you know you are in a special and thoughtfully designed haven. Caring and attentive service from the staff is the norm at this fine hotel with the look and feel of a prestigious private club.The immaculate guest rooms are comfortably and handsomely furnished. Complimentary wine and cheese in the evening in the Poetry Terrace or Writers Den is a tasty reward after a day on the town. In the morning a sumptuous complimentary continental breakfast awaits guests in the cheerful Reading Room which has a wide range of books, seemingly on any topic, to peruse at your leisure. If those pleasing amenities were not enough, the Library has high speed and wireless internet service, and a Business Center. All of which make the Library Hotel a very pleasant and unique place to stay, plus it is located conveniently in midtown Manhattan.Our thanks and admiration to the staff and management for providing superb accommodations with a flair.We have returned several times and will again.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a Wonderful town....and a Great Hotel Just spent two nights at The Library (8th and 9th April). What a wonderful hotel. We loved it, and NY just blew me away.It's a small, intimate, quiet and smart hotel in a fantastic location. We had a petite room which was small (I had a read a review bemoaning the size) but for two of us it was more than adequate. If you want a football pitch for a room go elsewhere! If you want swarms of uniformed staff carrying your bags go elsewhere. If you want 5 bars and 2 restaurants in your hotel go elsewhere. If you want opulence go elsewhere.If you want a stylish, smart, friendly, cool, themed hotel less than 10 mins walk from Central Park, 5th Ave, 2 mins from Grand Central etc. with staff who are incredibly friendly, polite, very courteous and very helpful without being intrusive, then this is for you! The staff gave us v. good advice and help when we needed it. The rooms and decor, and garden terrace are a delight. The continental breakfast very good and the location fantastic. If you want to collapse in a cool hotel at the end of a long day seeing one of the most amazing cities in the world. Stay here!! Start spreading the news!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>set2sail
<Content>Not Up to Hype Stayed here March 9-13, 2005. Read all the reviews, saw it on the Travel Channel, and was terribly excited to stay. Room was small (as expected) with nice amenities, but things were missing when compared to a friends room. Like the storage cart in the bath, which was needed since there was no counter top. Room was incredibly dry in the winter climate. Bought a small humidifier to help. Staff were nice. Breakfast room was nice. Evening drinks and snacks were nice. Was expecting a WOW factor but never got it. The price was too high without it, so will try another hotel next time.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonBelsize
<Content>Great hotel The library hotel was great. Stayed for 5 nights. The hotel is stylish and on the whole service pretty good. Breakfast is ample and the wine and cheese in the evening makes this hotel great value. Rooms are tiny but tasteful. Staff were friendly, only down side was that we were checked out by two really unfriendly guys which was ashame for us as the stay had been good. Go for a high floor to get away from the street below. Definately best value hotel in New York City.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caesar1964
<Content>Classical Music Terror! As much as I love the Library Hotel in New York City, it has to be said: They torture their guests! Not in the literal sense of the word - but they use music. Whenever you use the open spaces like the Meeting Room on the 2nd floor or the wintergarden / penthouse rooms on the 13th floor, there is music in the background. This, in principle is not a bad thing - don't get me wrong - it is the volume and the style of music. The volume level is too high to ignore the music nor is it funny or entertaining to listen to the same tune again and again and again and again and again and again. Especially, if the style of music is pseudo-classical music! I think you get the point.Maybe somebody in Management reads this and takes action: A change in both, CD and volume level might help to put the music to its purpose: A subtle, yet soothing background, and not an annoying terror.However, I keep coming back, so the hotel has something - good!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Library! My husband and I spent our first Christmas married in New York City. It was wonderful. Since I am the daughter of a flight attendant and have grown up traveling I was in charge of planning the trip. I researced for a while and found the Library Hotel. I was so excited about it. I read wonderful reviews and since I teach high school English I was really thrilled about the theme of the hotel. The website for the library hotel put up pictures that were true. When we arrived and explored the hotel it was just as beautiful as we expected it to be.The staff was wonderful, the breakfast was great, the rooms were clean and the decor was truly liveable yet lovely. We looked forward to returning to our hotel at the end of each day. We highly recommend this hotel and we look forward to returning soon.Good luck with your trip plans! A traveling couple from Atlanta.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful terrace and better wine/cheese hour What a pleasant hotel. The theme is well done and when you make your reservation be sure to discuss your interests with the staff to find a subject themed room of your liking. The rooms are good sized, with large bathrooms. In the evenings they serve free wine and cheese from 5-7, which is a great time to relax after a long day. And we even heard them offer to send up a complimentary cheese tray to a guest who had arrived later in the evening. No gym on premises, but they give out passes to NY Sports Club a few blocks away.The rooftop terrace is beautifully done and is the perfect place for a quiet breakfast. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simontski
<Content>Library Hotel A pre christamas break and a little retail therapy is an ideal way to spend time in New York. Staying at the Library Hotel was a joy. Its location is fantastic, the rooms were chic, stylish and immaculate. The breakfast was a bonus as was the cheese and wine offered in the evening. But the cherry on the icing on the cake were the staff. They were so polite, helpful and all looked so happy in their work. A big thank you to them all. I am tempted not to recommmend this hotel, as I would like to keep it as my little secret. But they did such a great job, I feel compelled to sing thir praises.As for tshopping, steer well clear of on off digital opposite the library, I think it is on 5th. The guy is a crook. Having bought several electrical items from here during the week, he decided to rip us off by sellin us an i-pod, but claiming that we needed extra cables to make it work. Having parted with over $100 for the cables we found out that they come as part of the i-pod package. We returned to the store, explained what we had learned, and the assistant said  tough, i have to make money some how, no refund .....no exchangeI know ...I should have punched him, but hopefully if we all avoid this store, and pass this story on to our friends, this will hurt him more. The guys over at CompUSA were far more helpful, I would go there instead.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>timajacksoin
<Content>absolutely great but small rooms Stayed here recently and had a wonderful time. Location is amazing as is the overall service from the breakfast to the all day nibbles and free cheese and wine in the evenings. Our room was very small however - even by NYC standards but very pleasant all the same. Highly recommended  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very, Very Nice We stayed there for 4 nights this weekend and liked it very much. We had a small (even by NYC standards) room but it was well-organized and comfortable. It was spotless and we had no shortage of towels, pillows, robes, etc. The common areas (library and terrace) are wonderful, although the terrace and penthouse areas were booked for several parts of our visit. The all day/all night coffee and snacks is a nice touch. The breakfast and wine and cheese were just ok quality but very welcome and well attended. Great, safe location and friendly staff. The little details--e.g., a loaner umbrella--were nice. I'd stay there again easily.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant--will definitely stay there again! The thing I liked about this hotel was not only the Library theme and it being so near all the shops we love to visit (41st and Madison), but also that it is small, has a relaxed atmosphere and of course the complimentary beverages and snacks!! Let's get down to it -- what you'd like in the city is a hotel where you don't have to pay extortionate prices for every drink. Also a place where you can relax and BE yourself (but also HELP yourself to complimentary wine, cheese, lemonade, nuts, cookies, pastries and fruit with classical CDs playing in the background after a drop-dead day shopping! Not to mention papers and all the reading material!) :)My husband and I both liked it very much. The only reason I didn't give it an excellent is because we spent a lot of time trying to get a cab at Grand Central Station. The Library is not a big enough hotel to have its own line of cabs and although it has a doorman, he needs to hail a cab also. The location means that it is a hit or a miss whether you get a cab quickly because most of them are taken. But obviously, that's the luck of the draw.Certainly it is the nicest hotel I have stayed in in New York-- and we have stayed in the Hotel Intercontinental, Soho Grande and The Regency to name a few. One hint--get the Deluxe room. It did us fine, but I suspect that the petite room would be too small. Also--no hassle with traffic noise (we were on the 7th floor Music Room). I brought earplugs having read others' reviews and never used them. Book early--about 1 month or more in advance.The staff are friendly and efficient, the small penthouse terrace, conservatory and den with a fireplace are great places to catch up with New York friends.Absolutely recommended!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Booklover's Retreat with Millionaire's Terrace My wife and returned to the Library Hotel in November 2004. The thermostat in the room that you controlled functioned simply and efficiently. Two bathrobes hung in the closet with hangers that said we trust our guests. I know this does not sound like much; however, upon returning from Italy and having none of the above, we were elated.Each room is stocked with books on specific categories and a VCR. The terrace reminds one of some photo shoot from a glamourous magazine. You can purchase a bottle of wine from a well-stocked shop on Madison Avenue and 40th Street and have sent it up the terrace. Smokers can indulge. We had Chinesedelivered to our room and enjoyed our cozy room two blocks from the NYC Library and Grand Central Terminal in the opposite direction.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an oasis It was exactly as the previous tripadvisor user said, after a crazy day or tourism in the city, it was a complete balm to your senses to come back to the quiet and calm of the Library Hotel. The staff was great, attentive when needed, unobtrusive when not. The rooms were tiny (but it's ny so...) but very nicely decorated. The high ceilings definitely helped alleviate the sensation of being in a small space, so we barely noticed after our initial shck (from tx where space is hardly ever an issue). The location is GREAT, couldn't ask for better. WE didn't get a reat discount rate or anything, but we did not regret the money we spent. LOVED IT.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ZebraMc
<Content>Theme carried off well, not over the top The Library Hotel is in a great mid-town location. The rooms are a good size by NYC standards. Buffet breakfast was good and evening hors d'oeuvres a welcome start to a night out. The room was clean, the bathroom modern and luxurious enough to warrant the four stars. Staff helpful but not in your face.There is a great restaurant on the ground floor which was a bonus.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well, I liked it... The good: I am a woman and I was traveling alone. I felt the hotel was extremely safe. I felt safe in my room and in all of the public spaces.The staff was courteous and very nice to me.The wine and cheese evening offerings and the morning continental breakfast were tastefully arranged and the food very good. The atmosphere in the 2nd floor dining area was quiet and well behaved, and I felt perfectly comfortable there alone. Lots of reading material in the public areas and in the rooms themselves.The rooftop den and terrace are beautiful, with great views of the city. (Although, I certainly couldn't see the Empire State Building from the terrace, like a previous reviewer stated.) Again, I felt safe.Hotel is in a great location. The room I had was a petite room. Small, but fine for me. NIcely decorated in sophisticated beiges and dark woods. Bathroom is marble and tile. Both were very, very clean. The room decor was restful. Toiletries were good and they provide a clock radio, a hair dryer and nice towels.The not-so-good: I understand that parking is far away, and there is no valet. I did not have a car so it did not bother me. I was on the ninth floor and you can hear traffic. Again, this did not bother me. Understand that you are in the heart of midtown and New York is a noisy place. It wasn't unbearable noise, but it is there.The hotel is sedate. Might not be the best choice if you have a younger family with you. Most of the guests I saw spent most of their time quietly chatting, drinking wine or coffee, and reading.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tla719
<Content>Comfortable, service-oriented hotel We stayed over Labor Day weekend in the Architecture room on the 7th floor. We found the room very quiet and comfortable with nice amenities. While the room is not large, the details and service more than make up for the small size.The staff was very helpful and courteous. The complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and wine  cheese reception were more than we could ask for.The terrace provided a nice place to relax at the end of the day.We definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>looks great but bad service and lots of noise The room looked great but: the worst service ever and construction noise 24h every day. We got a special package that offered bubbly wine when we arrived; we never got that. We asked for wake-up calls but didn't receive them. Sheets were dirty (they said they had problems with the washing machines!). Shampoo, condidtioner bottles and toilet paper were not renewed!! we had to ask for them!!! And inquire if the construction noise has stopped before booking if you are still willing to risk it. We couldn't sleep for 4 nights.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRWNy
<Content>Good but not Great Didn't quite live up to the expectations and hype. Nice, but there were only about 40 books in the room I was placed in. First room was not yet cleaned, to their credit they upgraded me although the 2nd room seemed identical to the first. Lots of street noise from Madison. Staff were very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfully Cute (but tiny rooms) I stayed here for a night during March 2004. The room was lovely and super clean. Especially the bathroom, it was spotless. The problem was that it was so small, you could barely walk around the bed and there wasn't much room to put your luggage. The rooms are soooo tiny (and we even stayed in the Deluxe Room with a Queen bed). What I like about this hotel, though, and why I would recommend staying here, is defintely the terrace at the top of the hotel!!!! There is a little greenhouse leading to an outside terrace that is gorgeous. That, in addition to the free wine and cheese definitely sets the hotel apart from others. Those things were the only way that I validated spending that much money on a shoe-box of a room. Plus I found it to be better in the sense that the hotel is very intimate because of its size, which i enjoyed. I also have to add that I was slightly disappointed because when I made the reservation, the reservationist asked me if I wanted to request any particular rooms, as they all have their own themes. I did, but it seemed to be pointless, because I think they assign any room to you when you check in. My recommendations: (1) check out the website that they have --it has great pictures that really do reflect what it looks like, (2) definitely get a suite-sized room!! The Library Hotel has such charm and personality, but you want to spend the extra money for the space. If you like the non-commercial, intimate feel, stay here.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Succatash
<Content>A slice of serenity! This Hotel is a slice of serenity in the midst of the hustle and bustle of midtown. Step into the beautiful lobby and you feel immediately calmed and relaxed.Our room, a junior suite with king bed, was warm, inviting, and beautifully appointed. There were plenty of wonderful books all varied on the theme of the room. The room was clean, neat and simply superb. The bathroom was exquisite.All of the common rooms were also beautifully appointed, neat and inviting. The entire hotel is a calm oasis. The staff was superior - so incredibly helpful.I know one commentor wrote that this is a place is cute and a place for families. Well, not really. Serene and charming yes, but cute - definitely not. Also, this hotel seems to be more of a place for adults, although I'm SURE that children would be fine here. Overall, this place was wonderful and I would definitely go back.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mondialraf
<Content>An oasis of tranquility After a long day in the city there it is a pleasure to step into the serene Library Hotel. Especially the 14th floor lounges and terraces. A perfect place to decompress form hectic Manhattan.The rooms are small but comfortable and well appointed. Service was very good. Book selection second to none and the room themes are a clever idea. Depending on the motif for your visit choose between the Erotic Literature, Romance or Astronomy rooms. We stayed in Health  Beauty.It is a unique boutique property with a small above average restaurant on the ground floor and their offsite restaurant recommendations were very good and not the usual stuff.Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Left a bit to be desired I just came back from staying here this past week and frankly, I was a bit disappointed. They had told me a few nights before that the hotel wasn't full and that I shouldn't have a problem getting a room when I arrived early in the morning. That wasn't the case. They didn't have a room for me until 5 hours after I arrived and they said that since I had already checked in if I chose not to stay I would be charged for a night in the room. Nothing is worse than being in the city and having to walk around tired because your room isn't ready. The first queen room was the size of a closet and I demanded to move for $299 a night to another queen room, which turned out to be a bit larger, but to have two people stay in there one would have to stand in the bathroom or on top of the bed to walk around. The terrace was closed for 14 hours during both days that I was there and only open for the wine reception. The linens were dirty, with other peoples hair and there was blood stains on the pillow cases! If I were you, I would either stay at the W properties on 39th street, or spring for $100 more and stay at the Plaza or the Four seasons. Travel channel, you steered me wrong!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Cute to the point of missing the point. I'm not looking to stay in cute when I travel to NYC. I prefer the feature needed to get my work done and home. The desk space is small and the bath amenities are hardly high-end (I'd have to bring my own, if I ever returned). Staff seemed limited and, overall, likely a better choice for the weekender and family.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pw1007
<Content>Great Hotel but Cold!! We travel to New York 2x a month and thought we'd like to stay at the Library Hotel since we saw the establishment on the Travel Channel. My girlfriends and I visited the hotel for a long weekend. However, it was a cold weekend and the heat was just not sufficient in the hotel. Guests kept talking about the cold, we all wore our coats in the public rooms and froze in the bedrooms. People laughed each morning at the beautiful breakfast buffet about how they kept warm the night before. Hotel didn't acknowledge there was a problem till the 2nd day. The lobby staff even joked about the cold. Not a funny joke to a guest paying the bill. Quite unprofessional. Finally the staff offered portable electric heaters to guests for their rooms. Everything else was perfect. Clean, beautiful, crisp and charming. However, I wouldn't go back because the management didn't handle the heat problem in a professional, honest manner.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bekkiz
<Content>Excellent choice We recently stayed here for a long weekend trip to NYC. I had seen the hotel on the travel channel about a year ago, and had wanted to stay here ever since.I was not dissapointed in my choice. The hotel, while pricy (what in NY isn't?), is well located, full of extras and simply a lot of fun. We had reserved a Queen Room, but upon arrival were told that we had been upgraded to a Junior Suite. That was very cool, and we were happy to have the extra room. We were in the Ancient Languages room. At first I was nervous, as it was on a corner over Madison, and the traffic could have been noisy, but it didn't bother us at all.A few of our favorite things: free, in-room internet access; free bottled water in the room; breakfast was great; being a block from Grand Cental made getting around town super easy.I would love to stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LIFI
<Content>Greatly enjoyed Early this year I took my, grown-up children, for their first visit to New York  we stayed at the Library hotel: very enjoyable,  and easy taxi ride to almost anywhere, ( $4- $8). Since then I have reccommended the hotel to several friends. We come from an academic background, and LOVED the floating 10,000 books; in our room  various public areas. I am an interior designer and loved the decor, especially the high standard of bathroom fittings, (marble/granite etc). These often fall short of desirability in hotels. Our suite was charmingly comfortable for two, tight for three; but standard of room service made it bearable for us all. Other guests told me of VERY small rooms, and looking at the fire floor plans I suspect that large people shouldn't go for the 'petite' rooms.Breakfasts delightful, as are 'wine receptions', in the charming Reading Room, or on the Roof Terrace, ( from which there is a view of the Empire State Building).We enjoyed the facilty of the Academy Award Winning Video Lbrary, (albeit with holes), and the Carry-Out menus for Chinese, Pizzas etc. The on site restaurant we found great; both service  food, although a limited menu.I could not complain of any of the staff. Some I found inordinately helpful, others more ,'Yo Man'. Most just ordinary. But definitely NO complaints.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, will return; and continue to suggest my friends visit.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merlynne
<Content>Lovely hotel   showReview(1548134, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WendyWal
<Content>Stay Here!   showReview(1531423, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>golemlee
<Content>Cute idea, nice location   showReview(1526188, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous Little Hotel!   showReview(1519951, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Gem of a Hotel   showReview(1495006, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming, but expected more   showReview(1490834, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>v99
<Content>Stay here!   showReview(1438668, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Library Hotel, New York's Best kept Secret   showReview(907430, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gutdoc
<Content>Unique Decor   showReview(753156, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Quiet elegance in the heart of Manhattan   showReview(473527, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Voyager-xx
<Content>bello e ottima posizione   showReview(22610747, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Nyere
<Content>Precioso hotel Boutique en el centro de NY       Pettite Room  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Roby1969
<Content>Bello ma.....   showReview(21350888, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nolly_ny
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇仺銇︺倐鐙亜銇戙仼娓呮綌銇у揩閬?#x201d;   showReview(20580368, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Maverick66
<Content>Un piccolo Paradiso in Midtown   showReview(20462215, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Juan_Garea
<Content>Fant谩stico boutique hotel   showReview(18990143, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>132severine
<Content>un accueil chaleureux et personnalis茅   showReview(18129876, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel, une remarque...   showReview(17740101, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lili50
<Content>Hotel charmant   showReview(15982252, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MineroMadrid
<Content>Fant谩stico! Muy buena calidad       Desayuno  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Melandri
<Content>Pasqua a New York   showReview(14766496, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Mikelainen
<Content>En la Gran Manzana como en casa   showReview(14492721, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monicaelenamaria
<Content>veramente delizioso   showReview(12763436, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Macdave70
<Content>Excelente y muy recomendable hotel en Nueva York   showReview(10076007, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marinao
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(10021265, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>triplover2007
<Content>assolutamente fanatstico!!!!!!   showReview(8547701, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Agme
<Content>Peque帽o gran hotel   showReview(8205249, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

