<Author>rsterling
<Content>Great Staff and Great Service What a wonderful hotel. We stayed here for 6 nights over Christmas 2008 and the staff and atmosphere was awesome. Our 18 month daughter was sick all Christmas Day. They were very quick to freshen up our room and after going out on the 26th to see the many attractions, they had left a get well gift for our daughter. Just a little something above and beyond what they needed to do. The room was great, the staff was very helpful and the hotel is located within a 15 minute walk from all of the major sight seeing attractions.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>CPUK
<Content>Understated Luxury Stayed for one night on a weekend visit to London for a theatre performance. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus underground station at the end of Lower Regent Street.We arrived at 1.pm but our room was not available until after 3. We were, however, given a voucher for tea (and, a scrummy mince pie!) in the Rose Lounge (we can stll smell the roses) which was a nice touich. Staff on Reception and throughout the hotel were friendly yet professional and the room was lovely overlooking the road at the front of the hotel yet with no noise from it. As with other Sofitel hotels the bed was truly wonderful.As others have said the hotel has many French staff and visitors (so handy if you wish to practice your French!) and the breakfast (included in our good value Weekend rate) had some nice French touches (wonderful pastries).We enjoyed a drink in the bar which had a pleasant restful ambience. The complimentary nibbles were very tasty.So, overall, the hotel has no gimmicks, nor flashy ingredients but it provided all required for a truly pampered feeling at least for two of it's guests!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WorldEventPlanner
<Content>Most brilliant - top place to stay in London! this is absolutely a gem. it has the most brilliant location (2 minutes from the Picadilly Underground--also the line to Heathrow, 2 minutes from the National Gallery, 2 more minutes to the theatre district and just in the middle of the happening), the customer service is wonderful, and the actual accommodations are top notch. the bed (featuring a delightful featherbed), the size of the room (comfortably sized, high ceilings, large windows), the amenities (robe, slippers, soaps, etc.), the housekeeping (prompt, effective and just spotless) are all part of what makes this hotel so fantastic! a bit pricey, yes, but worth every single penny. book here and enjoy being pampered and so close to most entertainment venues.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gloucs
<Content>A true gem in London city This was a special trip to celebrate my sister's forthcoming 70th Birthday and the Sofitel was outstanding. Reception was very friendly and efficient and our room was most inviting and spotlessly clean. I do like their smart muted colour schemes and the beds are sooo comfortable!.( We had no view to speak of from our window but to be honest we did not miss that as we had so much to see and do )All the staff seemed genuinely pleased to greet you - none of this pretentious nonsense you get in some hotels. They left us with a chocolate cake decorated for my sister's birthday and it was all so beautifully and thoughtfully presented as well as being delicious!Everything was done so discreetly and professionally it ensured my sister had a special time. Thanks Sofitel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rhine-and-Roses
<Content>Great Service Doesn't Compensate for Tiny Room This hotel was in a really fabulous location-three minutes walk from Picadilly Circus or Trafalgar Square. Yet hotel was quiet. The staff were largely French, as were many of the guests. I almost felt I was in Paris, not London. The hotel was nicely decorated. The lobby was small, and not really set up that you could converse- just wait. The Rose Lounge was a sweet place for afternoon tea and they did a lovely job with the offerings and the service. We also had a drink in the bar- about the same wildly expensive prices we experienced at the Marriott Park Lane earlier this year. The very tall doorman was charming and incredibly helpful and friendly. I wish I had got his name to compliment him to management The room itself was teeny-tiny, with a view of an opposing set of windows. Neither the size nor the decoration was what I would expect in a 5* hotel. The room was so small that the door to the armoire had clearance slightly smaller than the span of my small hand. Even a child could not fit between the open door and the wall. The armoire could hold two coats and a few items in the three very small drawers. The remainer of the armoire was filled with an extra bathrobe, blanket, pillow, safe, and tea service. That's because there was NOWHERE else in the room for them. The nightstands were cubes of wood, with no shelf or drawer- just a slide out tray. The table/desk had a vanity and mirror, but the chair could not be aligned to the mirror due to lack of room. The desk had a drawer, but it could only be opened 4 inches due to backing up on a night stand. There was no luggage rack, nor was there room for one, even if they had left one in the room. At turn down, the housekeeper had to throw the plaid on the floor under the standing lamp as there was no other place for it. That would have been the case even if the room had been empty. Lest you think we travel heavy, we each had one carry on bag, so the lack of space was not for what we brought with us. There was a full length mirror by the armoire. In order to use it, you had to move the floor lamp that was behind you. Otherwise, you were too close to the mirror to be of much use. There was an iron/board in the room. There was a tea service, which was replenished daily. I missed the shortbread the other hotels I've stayed at also included with the tea/coffee. There was also a pricey mini-bar. TV with chanels in many languages.The bathroom was lovely- beautiful and roomy enough. It had a great shower head, but it was a bit hard not to shower the room, too. We had a few puddles, which housekeeping took care of. I did not like the doors to the bath (which were two small doors that opened in the middle because one door would have been too wide for clearance into the room.) Part of the bath was visible between the doors- not nice for privacy. There was no ventilation in the bath. Towels were large and plentiful. They were not fluffy- dried without fabric softener, which is how I like them, but others might complain. There was a second robe in the bathroom. Beautifully shined chrome, and black stone surfaces. Hermes toiletries were a lovely touch. There was no place in the bathroom to plug in the hair dryer!!! Housekeeping was very, very discreet. Never a cart, just an occasional young woman with a basket of cleaning supplies. They clean with the room closed, and a small note on your door so you don't walk in surprised. Housekeeping did an excellent job. The room and bath were immaculate.Although the hotel staff could not do enough to make our stay enjoyable, basically, all the amenities and good will in the world will not make up for tripping over your own feet in the room. I am a tiny woman, and I felt uncomfortably crowded in the room. Maybe it would have been acceptable for one person; it was totally inadequate for two. I've stayed at other 5 star and 4 star hotels in London, and all were a good bit larger than this room. As nice as this location and hotel were, I'd probably not choose to stay here again. I did ask if they could give us a larger room but we were told that would cost an extra 50 GBP! The clerk seemed to have heard before that this room was inadequate. I hope M. Jacque reads these reviews and asks Sofitel to consider space next time they remodel. Until then, just putting drawers in the nightstands, adding storage above the toilet for extra linens to free up the armoire, and adding an outlet for the hairdryer in the bathroom would improve the stay significanly. A 5 star room should NOT be this tiny and crowded.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>BlahBlahScotland
<Content>Sofitel St. James - Very good Booked Sofitel St. James for a romantic 4 day Xmas trip (24-28 Dec). Arrived from overseas at the hotel at 8.30am having previously requested an early check in and was amazed to received just that, no issues. I had booked a Sofitel Suite (average about 300/night) and was told that this room type came with complimentary mini bar and Wi-Fi. Had room 517, was pleased with it but it's not a suite or anywhere near it. It is larger than your average London hotel room and had a sleeper sofa in there but it's not a suite.Bathroom was nice, Hermes products (although I buy Molton Brown 'cos she loves them..aaawww) separate bath and shower...huge rain head shower and other, 'normal' shower head in there but the door leaked like a sieve. Water, literally all over the floor, swimming after I showered away the long flight which was annoying. I headed out shortly thereafter and spoke with the front desk who said they'd have someone check into it but it remained the same for the 4 days...went through a million towels, not eco friendly.Mini bar was stocked well with bubbly, whiskey, gin, beer, soft drinks, wine, nuts, Green and Blacks chocolate bar and muesli bar, 'Survival pack' (condoms, aspirin, tampons etc), water (still and fizzy), funky juices etc...really well stocked and re stocked throughtout my stay....hammered it to the tune of about 230 pounds. My only complaint was the performance the woman at the front desk went through at check out pointing out that she was 'comping' ALL (her emphasis) my mini bar charges...I pointed out that they came with the room rate, she proceeded to somewhat snarkily say that I had gotten a good rate already...hhmm....bit of a sour taste as I left but they did honour the complimentary stuff and quite why a front desk worker would care I have no idea. 300 quid a night is hardly cheap and other than having another couple of friends come over one night and have a drink each from it, we mostly drank the Voss water, sodas and ate the snacks...over 4 days it didn't feel like we abused this apparent 'priviledge'...except as we left when I took the choc bar and a water and she took the nuts, a water and a soda for our trip.Not much hanging space and only 1 robe which I always find weird in hotels. The second half of the wardrobe space is taken up with a nice tea/coffee/hot chocolate making area. Teas came in a lovely wooden box and looked yummy but I never got round to them. there was a safe in there too and an iron and ironing board..which was okay but no steam so not great. Was asked at check in if I wanted a newspaper in addition to the FT, I said yes, never received it but didn't care enough to follow it up.TV has Sky movie channels, Skysports etc but no pay per view although a DVDplayer and mostly kids movies (shrek, Madagascar etc) hotel.Bed was lovely and had installed hypoallergenic bedding as the lady is asthmatic, as per my request. House keeping was subtle...no carts in the hallways or noise, total respect for the light that you put on (a switch inside the room turns a green light on for 'make up my room, or red for 'do not disturb' in a smal panel by the door). Room was always spotless and made up, the lake in the bathroom gone etc.Had room service one night; arrived promptly (30 mins) was expensive as every hotel is, but was lovely, well presented, table brought in and set up and removed within minutes of calling at 2am which was good. Had steak sandwich, hand cut chips, risotto and an apple crumble..all was lovely and hot.No ice machines on the floors but it (and flutes) arrived promptly from room service on Xmas morning for our champagne.Doormen and concierge were attentive in getting cabs and aswering questions.At check in was given a voucher for 2 drinks at hotel bar...we had a cocktail each, probably 13 pounds or so each, so that was nice and they were good with fresh fruit etc. Cocktail and drinks menu looked good but didn't go back.Hotel is ideally situated at the corner of Pall Mall and Waterloo Place which is 5 minutes from Trafalgar Sq and Leicester Sq/Regent St etc but is a very quiet area.Overall, really enjoyed our stay, hotel was lovely but I wouldn't pay extra for this 'suite', seems like a waste of money unless you use the mini bar and Wi-FI as we did which probably still didn't make up the difference in tariff for the room category down but felt like a bonus if you know what I mean?  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>nycthing
<Content>Great location/interesting hotel I really liked this hotel although it was far from perfect. Housekeeping was terrible - lipstick stain on the pillow, make up stains on the towel, hair in the shower. Nevertheless, I loved the location and the property itself was quite impressive. Staff was friendly - I arrived early before the room was ready and they were quite accomodating. The rooms were nice although design was erratic - a collision of London and Paris, new and old. Didn't quite work but wasn't horrible. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	1	5	5	3	

<Author>Mensallen
<Content>Great Location and very nice room We travel to London 4 or 5 times a year and this is probably the best hotel we have stayed in for the price. As always, the Sofitel Staff are very good (I think as good as Four Seasons). Room was spacious and decor was very nice (even in the hallways). There is a nice selection of Breakfast Cafe's, coffee shops and restaurants in the area - and the location could not be better for Regent Street shopping. The bar is expensive for both food and drink - but you get so much more for your money here that I give it 5 stars. We have paid far more for small, drab rooms in London in the past (prime example would be the Jumeriah Carlton Tower).  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>3LittleFonzys
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Service On recommendations written on this site, I reserved a room at the Sofitel, St James.Was not disapointed, it was very enjoyable indeed.The location is outstanding and very accessible, the foyer and the reception staff were always very welcoming and friendly.The room, number 106 was a Queen sized room, I'm guessing this is a more basic room, but it was a very nice size and was of an excellent standard.The best thing by far, is the bed, it has to be the most comfortable bed, I have ever slept on. I took one of their advertising cards displying different packages of bedding that you can buy from manufacturer - it was blissThink we paid about 165 pound per night.For a couple of nights away, I would thoroughly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>natalyat
<Content>Loved I stayed at the Sofitel London St.James at the beginning of November 2008 and really enjoyed my stay. The hotel staff was friendly and very hospitable. It has a very elegant, English feel. Good location, close to shopping and historical districts. When I return to London I鈥檒l be choosing the Sofitel St.James again, and recommend it even for choosy travelers.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>K_Crockett
<Content>Class Act! The Sofitel St. James is fabulous and in such a perfect location. So many major monuments, galleries, and restaurants are within walking distance. The hotel is pure luxury. Breakfasts were excellent, as were dinners. The rooms we booked were spacious by any large city standards. Beds were very comfortable. The concierge recommended very good restaurants nearby and booked excellent seats for us at Wicked.We found a great deal on the hotel website, which beat anything offered by the discount brokers. We received 3 nights for the price of one, one free dinner, one free tea, free breakfast every morning. We also stayed over the weekend, when the prices are much lower than during the weekdays. All those freebies and our stay over the weekend drove the price down to something that was very affordable. (By the way, this excellent deal was not available on the hotel website until just a couple of weeks before our stay - so keep checking back.)The hotel staff, front desk and restaurant personnel were very professional. We had a bit of a mix-up on the free dinner. Apparently, there is a special menu for the free dinner, which we weren't given when we sat down. Instead, we were given the regular menu. Not knowing any different, we ordered off that menu and purchased a bottle of wine (48 pounds). The bill was 200 pounds (for 4), but we figured everything would sort itself out, since we did not expect that we would actually have to pay for the dinner in full, nor did we expect the wine to be complimentary. When the restaurant was closing out, they realized their error in giving us the wrong menu, called us up and asked us if we could come back the next night for our free meal (meaning we would pay in full for the first meal). We said, no, we had other plans the next night, but we would talk to the front desk about it in the morning. The next morning, we raised the issue with the front desk. We said we wanted to be fair - could they please just deduct the value of the free meal from our restaurant bill? They said they would talk to the restaurant. When we got our final bill, we saw that not only did they deduct what probably should have been the value, they deducted a full 150 pounds. That was more than fair. In fact, that was exceedingly generous. We were so impressed with every aspect of this hotel, that we will always try to stay here whenever we travel to London. This is a hotel where the guests clearly come first. Sofitel St. James is the ultimate, and there is no need for us to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanuka
<Content>Visit in London just in the Sofitel St James the best hotel i ve ever been. The service is amazing.I loved the harpist payer in the rose lounge: It was nice drinking pink champagne in the pink room. The athmosphere was amazing. The flower decoration!!!The room I had was spacious. And I liked the style of the hotel. The breakfast was great as well.There was nothing they could not do for me.I will always stay in the Sofitel St James when I am visiting London,It was perfect.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LindaEdinburgh
<Content>Pure Luxury Loved ths hotel I would return again and again! Room was beautiful, modern but classy and cosy. Complimentary champagne and petit fours on arrival added to our enjoyment. Visited during the Xmas period and the foyer was decked out in lovely white xmas trees and decorations. Did not eat in the hotel but the menu looked very good. 5 minute walk up to Piccadilly Circus so very handy for getting around. We ate in Bentley's (Richard Corrigans) restaurant which was literally a 5 minute walk away. If you are in the area you must go here it is a real treat and worth every penny.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stickyMelbourne
<Content>Wonderful, Wonderful Experience My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel St James hotel during October on 4 different occasions during our 5 weeks in Europe on business and pleasureWe loved the everything about the hotel, the staff were just fantastic nothing was ever to much trouble, the beds are excellent and by far the most comfortable beds we sleep in during our time in Europe, the location is the best in London close to transport and good shopping and walk to the parks and the rooms are a very good size for UK hotels Look no further for a hotel in London and go straight to the Sofitel St James  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tabascogs
<Content>Excellent Experience at the St. James I stayed at the Sofitel St. James for a four night business trip starting on October 19, 2008. I booked two luxury non-smoking king rooms for my stay, one for myself and another for my client. I was booked into room 602 for my entire stay and was very impressed with the quality of furnishings, fixtures and the lay-out. Bed was very comfortable, as was the room overall.From the start, everything went perfect with one misstep along the way. Staff was excellent and contrary to other comments, I found the staff to be professional and very conscious and caring of our needs without being overbearing. In other words, I did not see staff until they were needed and then they seemed to appear from nowhere to assist and then disappear almost as quickly so as not to be in your face constantly. Housekeeping was simply amazing in this hotel. I never...ever...saw cart, linens or a housekeeper anyplace at anytime however the hotel was constantly spotless. I went to the lobby to meet with some business associates and realized that I had forgotten something in my room. When I returned to my room to retrieve it, my room was cleaned and spotless. This was all done in 15 minutes time and I never saw a housekeeper anywhere along the way. Room service trays and tables disappeared within minutes of being deposited in the hall, again almost magically. The hotel is in THE perfect location and is impressive from our first entry into the lobby. Hi quality and very comfortable but not overbearing or over done.We did not use the restaurant or other in-house services as we were trying something different for every meal out of the hotel. The one misstep and the reason I dropped one star on my rating was that the hotel put my client into a smoking room which should not have happened. While I intended to make a change in rooms with the front desk for my client, my client actually insisted that I not do that as he did not want to unpack and make a move etc. I have no doubt that the hotel would have made the change without a second thought other than to ensure that I was kept happy. Even with that error, my client told other business associates that he had found a new hotel for all future visits to London.I have stayed in several London hotels including, Radisson Edwardian Hampshire, London Hilton Park Lane, Conrad Chelsea Harbor (now Wyndham), Rubins at the Palace, Hilton Heathrow, Hilton Hyde Park and One Aldwych; the Sofitel was the best experience of them all. My room size was excellent, location and view was excellent, quality of the room and bathroom were excellent as was the hotel in general.Unless something really goes down hill on my next visit in four months, this is my new hotel for London visits.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyHappyH0lidays
<Content>Very fancy! We stayed at the Sofitel hotel for one night in October, on the third floor.First and foremost, the location of this hotel is amazing. It is only a couple of minutes walk to the National Gallery, really close to Embankment, the London eye, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace. We didn't have to use public transport at all, as we were close enough to walk everywhere we wanted.Our room was lovely - super clean, a really comfortable bed and a fabulous bathroom with a brilliant shower, lovely fluffy towels, slippers, dressing gowns, Hermes bath stuff and a heated mirror, so it doesn't steam up!Overall we thought this was a lovely place to stay. I would love to stay here again and would definitely recommed it to friends.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vaneegh
<Content>Overrated       View from the room (almost no daylight)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>backpacker64
<Content>Really nice Autumn Break - Good Location  Just spent a mid week break at this hotel - an absolute dream, perfect really central,good location, good food, a really nice autumn break, to be recommended.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travellersMidsUK
<Content>Absolutely Perfect It is a pleasure to stay at this hotel. From the first point of contact with their reservations staff you immediately get a feel for their professionalism and their attention to superb personal customer service. Nothing is too much trouble. As soon as you arrive, the stresses and strains disappear because here the staff really do care about their guests. We have stayed here with our children and this was the only hotel in London that would guarantee at the time of our reservation that our rooms would be interconnecting. The rooms are well equipped, spacious and with excellent bathroom and shower facilities - plenty of extra towels and toiletries. Everything is spotless and welcoming. The hotel have arranged babysitting services for us, and even had personalised welcome gifts for the children on our arrival, as well as complimentary drinks when their meal arrived with room service! Housekeeping also arranged for a DVD player to be available in the children's room during their stay. This made a huge impression on the children, who while staying at other hotels have sometimes felt as if they were not really welcome. Not so here.....the children were even entertained with their favourite tunes, by the pianist who plays each evening on the first floor balcony.The services offered from room service and housekeeping were efficient, speedy and always accurate. In fact all the staff seem to be keen to help out with every little request. Breakfast which is served at Roux (which is within St James Sofitel) is presented as a buffet offering cereals, fruits and continental style breakfast, but there is also a menu option offering individually requested breakfasts, including kippers or eggs Bendict if you so wish. The staff at Roux are once again extremely attentive to every request. This is a relaxed and pleasureable start to the day, so different from many hotels where one has to queue to even get into the breakfast room.Also worth noting is the valet parking service offered - which means that there was no problem arriving in London and having to worry about were to park your car.The hotel is located in a wonderfully elegant square and is perfectly situated for the west end museums and theatres.Yet it is peaceful, relaxed and elegant. The Rose Room is a perfect venue for relaxing with afternoon tea and a good book (the bookcase has many to choose from, if you have forgotten to bring your own).I highly recommend Sofitel St James for business or pleasure and for guests with children. We certainly look forward to returning again and again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldflyer08
<Content>A traveler's dream hotel       Sofitel St. James, London, U.K.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IamJay
<Content>lovely great hotel, great service. good personal attention.bar service disappointing. some rooms might need a little renovation.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hendes1
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. I booked the hotel after looking on Tripadvisor and then going to the hotel website. We got to Trafalgar Sqaure and walked to the hotel. The location of it is excellent - a great base for walking around London. When we arrived at the hotel at around 1145 am we asked if they could look after our bags for us as we were a little early to check in. The girl behind the desk said that she would see if our room was ready and gave us a complimentry coffe while we waited. After a short while we were told our room was ready and that we had got an upgrade to a superior room. We went up to the room and were so pleased with how nice it was. There was everything you would expect - a flat screen tv, tea and coffee making, a minibar (we didnt use it as it was very expensive) bathrobes, slippers and an amazing bathroom with a seperate bath and shower . The bed was huge and very comfortable. We looked out over Pall Mall and the room was really light. We went down to the bar to get a drink and the bar staff were all really polite and friendly. We then went out to enjoy our day. When we got back up to the room there was a note on the desk from the manager welcoming us to the hotel and two peaches and some water - a nice touch. We didnt eat in the hotel other than breakfast which was great. The best eggs benedict I have had in a long while. The breakfast choice was huge - a bread basket brought to the table and then a choice of cooked from the buffet but also a choice of eggs, kippers and vaious other bits from the menu. Checkout was hassel free and they looked after our bags for us for the day while we were out.All in all this hotel was fantastic. It wasnt cheap 拢282 for the night however as it was a special occasion we felt it was worth every penny. I was so impressed I have cancelled my forthcoming stay at the Gatwick Hilton to stay at the Gatwick Sofitel instead. I cant recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swampduck
<Content>Oh happy days! We stay for a two night break at least 2 or 3 times per year in London and normally around Bond St area. We stayed here as somewhere a little different and we WILL be coming back! We had a Luxury King room and it knocks the socks off many of its contenders. The service was fantastic yet discreet and the room was really spacious and fantsatically quiet. Cleanliness is always a gripe for me in any hotel but this was pretty much faultless. The bed was great and I was so pleased at how comfortable the pillows are - I am the saddo that takes her own when I travel (which is frequent) and I didn't need to this time. The Hermes toiletries were a nice touch and the free standing shower divine. If I were forced to moan I would say that there wouldn't be enough wardrobe storage space for longer than 2 or 3 nights... I still love this hotel though.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>Very disappointed As a satisfied user of Sofitel in NYC, Chicago, and Washington, I was quite disappointed in the London branch. The hotel has an excellent location near the royal parks and is convenient to the tube. The staff is quite friendly. However problems: (1) my room was in an airshaft and received almost no sunlight (it was actually quite sunny in London during my stay). The gloom was quite depressing (2) One Aldwych and other hotels in London no longer charge for WiFi. Sofitel's charge of 15 poinds is about the highest you will pay anywhere in the world. (3) the exercise room had only one machine, no free weights, etc. Sofitel improved the exercise room in NYC and should do so here.Bottom line: in this class of hotel there are much nicer hotels in London.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>funboyfour
<Content>An excellent choice for afternoon tea. We had afternoon tea in the Rose Lounge. This is a truly tranquil setting in the very heart of London. We had tried a reservation at all the usual Tea-rooms but found them booked out. This is a very very good alternative. Very intimate surroundings with a touch of class. Excellent value for money and a came out feeling refreshed and ready for the theatre. An excellent Harpist also played and added to the ambience. Well worth it.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anneandmarc
<Content>Top Class Hotel Wonderfull hotel, great location, right on the center (5 min. away of Picadilly). Perfect service, staff very helpfull and smiling. Food for breakfast and dinner excellent and it's a miracle for London. Room are big and very quiet, with nice furniture. Sure that next time we are coming in London we will book our room in Sofitel St James. Absolutly no souci, simple but perfect.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>csmac
<Content>Rooms getting tired, staff still great Have stayed at the Sofitel St James on more occasions that I can recall. The welcome from the staff has always been first rate, and the service continues to be impeccable. The free (for which read, included in the price, but not itemised) Internet access and mini bar are worthwhile.While the public areas remain in excellent condition, the rooms are starting to look somewhat shabby and worn.My most recent stay was in a junior suite: while of a good size, the furniture was chipped and marked; the sofa showed considerable wear, with stains on the cushions. It's all looking a bit tired, which at these prices is unacceptable.The Sofitel St James used to be *the* place to stay, now its fading. The quality of the rooms needs improving if they want to stay ahead of the pack.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Trinman80
<Content>The Perfect London Hotel? Everything about this hotel was perfect. It is upscale and a bit trendy, but even if you show up in t-shirt and jeans the staff give you 5-star treatment. There's no snobbishness. Great value (I paid about $350/night and my room was upgraded), and perfect location - steps away from Piccadilly Circus, but still in a quiet corner of central London. Also steps away from St. James's Park and Westminster. The bathrooms are particularly nice - heated towel racks and a shower system requiring a post-graduate degree to understand. Highly, highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>disneyhokie
<Content>Loved this hotel! Wow! I just returned from a trip to London and could not be happier with my stay at the Sofitel St.James. The staff was very friendly beginning at arrival and all throughout my stay. The hotel is beautiful, classy, but not stuffy. I did not partake in the breakfast in the hotel restaurant because I thought it was too pricey (24 pounds per person). They upgraded my room on check in. The room was big compared to what I've heard of other rooms in Europe and had an impressive bathroom and nice tolietries. The bed was very comfortable. BEWARE of the heated towel rack! It's nice but don't grab it! I almost did and that would have hurt. The view wasn't too wonderful- the side of a building. But with London to see, who sits in the room too long? The room service menu looked pretty extensive and the mini bar was stocked with anything you'd want (If you wanted to pay the high prices). The location of the hotel was so perfect. It was within walking distance to many area attractions and tube stops. I really can not say enough about how pleased I was with the location. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Genvive
<Content>Elegant luxury in the center of London Only a a few steps away from the Piccadilly Circus tube station, this hotel is very centrally located. The rooms are very elegant, and have probably the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in a hotel. All of course comes at a price (as everything in London!).  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bugalumps
<Content>Central Location, Great Service The Sofitel St. James is a great hotel. Our room was a very good size, (for London). The beds were very comfortable and there was ample closet space. The bathroom was very spacious and they had very nice toiletries. The Continental Breakfast is good but it's not cheap at 21 pounds per person. The staff were very helpful, especially when we arrived early in the morning. They got our room ready just an hour after we arrived. Overall, the Sofitel St. James is a great hotel and I hope to come back soon.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swelch
<Content>Wonderful stay - highly recommended This is a truly fantastic hotel with great service and a great location, just minutes from Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square.The room was large and well furnished. The hallway of our room was larger than some hotel rooms in London! The room itself was spacious with a desk, couch, coffee table and very comfortable king sized bed with plenty of open floor space. The bathroom was also quite spacious, with a large stand up shower, plenty of counter space, numerous plush towels, robes, comfy slippers, a hair dryer and Hermes toiletries. There was enough room for a roll-away twin bed for our daughter, although we had brought our own portable crib for her. Which leads me to another great point about the Sofitel: excellent service. Upon arriving in the room, I asked that the roll-away bed be removed and that the mini-bar be emptied so that we could store food for our daughter there. Two separate people arrived to take care of each issue, each within 5 minutes of our arrival. They were quick and polite in doing their tasks. Additionally, later in our stay the stopper in our sink became stuck and would not drain - again, someone from maintenance was there to fix it within less than 5 minutes with speed and courtesy.The room was smartly designed with a single switch by the door that turned off all the lights and an electronic version of the do not disturb or service please sign - quite ingenious. Numerous other nice touches abounded 鈥?umbrellas, good storage space, wireless internet, a flat screen TV, etc.We had dinner from room service one night during our stay and were pleasantly surprised by how good it was.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>paulos1
<Content>Fantastic This was the first leg of our five week Europe excursion and it was simply superb. The loctaion was as good as it gets and overall couldn't be faulted. All staff were so helpful, deluxe rooms incredibly spacious with the beds being the closest thing to heaven. I read all the review and i thanks to them i decided to stay here. Trust me you won't be disappointed. I am travelling back to London next year and won't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FL12
<Content>Great hotel. Great location Great hotel. Great location. Great room which although classes as the standard room and so the smallest was perfectly adequate. Much bigger than other hotels I have stayed in for more money in London.Hunt for a great room rate as can save lots over published rates. We used expedia about a month before travelling,Beware the bar. 拢9 for a class of wine. Pop to the local Tescos instead and buy a bottle to bring back.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>njek
<Content>A fantastic hotel well deserving of its 5 stars!       The Rose Lounge, very luxurious at a price!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>highlandheart
<Content>Sofitel St. James - An Oasis Upon checkin we were greeted by the lovely fragrance of fresh flowers adorning the lobby, friendly and professional staff. Our queen suite was superb with lovely tub and separate shower. Ahhh! After an 8.5 hour flight from Canada it was heaven on earth!The exquisite bed was heavenly and our room was equipped with all the comforts of home. Room service luncheon was nicely presented and promptly delivered. Breakfast buffet in the dining room, though costly at 21GBP each, provided a variety of english breakfast and continental choices. The lovely Brasserie Roux is a fine choice for a lovely dinner.For those wishing to save some money on meals, the St James is handy to pastry coffee shops for breaky, pizza and takeout fast food and Tesco market for groceries and snacks on Regent St, and, of course the pubs and restaurants of the Picadilly Circus and Haymarket areas.Location was excellent! An easy walk to the Palace, St James Park, Green Park, Picadilly - where you can hop on any of the city tours, 10-15 minutes up Regent St. to shopping on Oxford St. We also easliy walked to the original Hard Rock Cafe down Picadilly for dinner.While in London we experienced 30 degree temperatures and our hotel was an welcome oasis of cool. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing a central location to attractions, a luxurious accomodation, safety and security. Pricy but well worth it!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chilternwelshman
<Content>Good location, nothing to criticize A hotel in the typical Sofitel style, despite extenal appearances! Room was large and had typical Sofitel furnishings. Bathroom was particularly spacious and well-fitted. View was onto a blank wall not var away - though I wasn't there for the view, others might want to check when booking if they want to see something more interesting.Location - just off Piccadilly, not far from Trafalgar Square - is handy for tourists.Prices are a little steep (with rooms that expensive, should we really expect to pay for an internet connection these days?), but what else does one expect in London?  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Al_Wiltshire
<Content>Excellet hotel and amazing location We stayed at the St James for a romantic night away and had an excellent time. The hotel itself doesn't look particularly special from the outside but is in a lovely location within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Picadilly Circus.The inside of the hotel looks very high quality and has a modern feel to it. I don't know if it has had a refit recently, but it seemed to have been very well done - lots of modern touches but also seemed to retain a fair bit of its history.Our room was great, a nice size for the centre of London. The bed was massive and very comfy. The bathroom was excellent and the shower amazing. The shower head was about 30cm in diameter and just dumped water on you ... so refreshing. Certainly didn't have the low water pressure and lack of hot water that alot of other London hotels have. The Hermes shower gel and body lotion were also a nice touch.All the staff at the hotel were very friendly though we didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the restaurants. While we were in London, we stopped in at The Dorchester which is a much more expensive hotel. From what we saw, it came nowehere near the St James for the quality or service.The only slight problem I had was that I made the booking at the last minute but not through the hotel's site. Apparently they hadn't received payment for my room even though I had prepaid it. I was asked to pay again when I was checking out but, when I queried this, the junior member of staff called over a manager and he resolved the issue instantly.This is probably the best London hotel I have stayed at and I would highly recommend it over many of the more famous names. It's clean, modern and excellent value.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Faxao
<Content>Just perfect       Standard room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MirandaAsh
<Content>Beautiful We booked the hotel as an anniversary treat for one night - wish it has been more as it is such a lovely venue. Located just a few minutes walk from Piccadilly and Trafalgar - very well located. We were given a free upgrade on arrival to a deluxe room that was huge with a gorgeous big bathtub and walk in shower. Every aspect of our room was perfect, except for no view as the room looked out on to a roof, but that didn't matter as the room more than made up for this. The staff were helpful and attentive. Room service and the mini bar were (as usual) overpriced so we didn't make use of these. For what we paid, we felt like we were in luxury - extremely good value and well worth a return visit.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yblodyntatws
<Content>Lovely Having stayed in the Sofitel in New York and thoroughly enjoying it - I decided to give the London one a try - and I wasn't disappointed.Very simply it was lovely!Concierge - helpful and friendlyFront desk - friendly and efficientRoom - absolutely lovely - particularly the shower! and spotlessly clean. Also really quiet due to very good double glazing - so between the quietness and the comfortable bed I had a fantastic night's sleep.Bar area - friendly. I was slightly worried that they might have been a bit pompous - but not at all!I would be delighted to have an opportunity to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AssociatedPress
<Content>Central to everything! I was here for four days, the room was small, but I expected that. The location is near-perfect, close to everything - I walked the entire time I was in London! I did have a problem with the bed having some hairs in the sheet - the duty manager came over and changed the sheets himself! Other than that, the hotel was fairly quiet considering it's location to Piccadilly and the hotel staff was nice and friendly. I would return to the Sofitel to my next visit to London. Plus it's really close to Fox and Davidoff - two cigar shops!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Nkoy
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We moved to the Sofitel from the Walforf Hilton where the hotel was dark and dingy...The Sofitel by contrast was inviting, light, spacious with a courteous and very professional staff. My room was a junior suite and was spacious with a large bathroom, two closets and a window on Wellington Place. The windows are old fashioned sash models that open so I could enjoy the cool London breeze.Everything was first rate and the prices were better than any other four star I saw North of the river.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bmoranville
<Content>Really Liked this upscale Hotel This is a lovely Hotel located near Buckingham Palace. It has wonderful amenities like HDTV Flat Panel TV's, Robes, Slippers, Newspaper Daily, Great Bathroom with telephone, excellent wardrobe for your clothes, a secure safe and fast elevators. The only downside is that it is not REAL close to a tube stop. You have to walk a great deal of stairs to take the closest way from the Palace or walk around for a couple of city blocks instead. Overall it was more than worth the money. The Doorman got me cabs quickly and was very friendly. Word of warning: The minibar is pressure sensitve and if you lift a drink to look at it, it is charged to your room. Another problem was that someone charged an expensive meal to my room and we were not even at the hotel. It was taken off my bill after they verified it was not my signature or even my name.Really loved this place and hope to return. I give it an A+  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CD_in_geneva
<Content>Fantastic I stayed there for 1 night coming from New York. The extremely courteous staff took care of my bags immediately. At check in i requested a room with an open view. After 7 hours in an aircraft i thought a window facing a wall would quiet upset my stay here. I was very elegantly told that superior rooms (the one i booked) would not offer such a view. They offered me to upgrade to a deluxe for 30拢 which i accepted and i did well. The room was large, facing Waterloo Place. Exactly what i needed. Spotless room and bathroom. Great great bed!The bar is rather dark and more french-like. Did not try the restaurant. I took my breakfast in my room. the room service was right on time. Again, very courteous not intrusive at all. 24拢 for a very tasty english breakfast was reasonable (i paid more in London and elsewhere for much less quality and quantity). The location is just perfect. 5 mn walk from Picadilly circus without the crowd and the noise.I'll definitely stay there on my next trip to London.Note that most of the staff is french thus if you speak french (i do) it could be a plus.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seven_Continents
<Content>Great experience Was here for four nights on a great deal from laterooms.comWas first put in room 534 which was literally a shoebox with a bed in it, there was truly exactly one foot of space between the bed and the walls on two sides and the bed and the desk on the third, with a sloping ceiling. Very claustrophobic for four nights, and even though I was on a cheap rate, I asked to be moved. With some resistance they moved me to a great room. No view, but a large window and lots of space. The bed was really comfy, water was left every evening at turn down. Not much storage space for clothes but everything else was really nice. I was lucky enough to have one of the bathrooms with a separate shower stall and bathtub which was enjoyable with the large rainfall type shower head and separate hand held shower head. The towels were great as was the towel warmer which seems to be standard in London high end hotels. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from the Picadilly tube station (Lower Regent St. exit) and less than 10 minutes from Charing Cross tube/rail so location is ultra convenient. People were uniformly friendly. Depending on your budget this hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>KP&TP
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, couple of Problems Stayed here for 9 days on a business trip. This was my second stay at this hotel.First, the bad. The view was terrible - facing a brick wall for 9 days (at least it was private in my room!). Also had a problem with the shower, it was a shower/tub combo and there were so many knobs for the different options - there was a rain shower head, a handheld shower wand and a bath tub, plus different knobs to turn it on/off and change to the different water supplies and the hot/cold. Well, the first time I turned on the water the hand held device was pointing up over the top of the shower and it shot out like a fire hose, completely dousing the opposite side of the bathroom. It was actually quite funny, luckily they supply a LOT of towels in the loos there and maybe I was a bit hysterical after the 13 hour flight but it was funny. The shower had a folding door that was supposed to keep the water in, but it didn't really work no matter which shower head you were using, and the handheld head moved on it's own, so I pretty much gave up trying to use it after it flooded the hallway...I do travel a lot for business so it's not like I don't know how to use a shower. Several others in my party had the same issue with their showers. Last time I stayed at the property, the shower was separate from the tub, liked that MUCH better.The room service was mixed, the people were very courteous and the service was prompt. However, the first time I got a salad and wine, they brought no butter for the bread and also no ice water. For $70, you would think those items would be included. The second time I ordered room service, I specifically requested ice water but still didn't receive it. Not that big a deal, but again, for $75.00 you would think they could add that to the tray, especially when asked.The gym was never crowded which is great since the equipment is old and there's not much there - I used the treadmill but it's not exactly modern state of the art equipment as the web page notes.The great things about this hotel are The service, everyone is very friendly and responsiveThe bed is very comfortable, room amenities are nice, love the coffee/tea serviceLots of fluffy towels in the loo, also like the shower gel and lotion they providedGreat maid service, early and thoroughEfficient and friendly check in/check outWoud I stay here again? Most probably, but I would be sure to ask for a room with a separate shower next time :)  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kowala
<Content>Great location, good hotel We spent two nights at this hotel. We upgraded to a Deluxe room on arrival which was good and as other reviewers have said the bed was very comfortable. The reception and breakfast service was particularly good. The maid service and late night bar service seemed overstretched and not up to a 5* standard on this occassion. The gym was small. Overall it was a good stay and we would return to this hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>plrm
<Content>Location Location Location We stayed the night of the 18th May at the hotel in a dbl upgraded room, although as the previous correspondent said ,it didnt have a walk in shower, but the bathroom was lovely nonetheless. A very nice hotel, attentive staff - but expensive drinks. However, when you balance that with a very competitive 拢20.00 3 course price fixe menu it balances out.Breakfasts are also quite expensive, but we chose to eat a 100 meteres up the road at Marios, all inclusive for around a fiver, and very nice - allbeit not as grand as the Sofitel. I would stay at the hotel again, just for the beds !  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>alesofin
<Content>Wonderful stay We stayed for 2 nights at the Sofitel St James during a business trip in London. We were a party of 3 persons and we booked a suite and 2 sglb. Our experience was great. The rooms, even the sglb were quite comfortable and equipped with all amenities. I have stayed in many London hotels and I have seen sglb to be a kind of cell. The staff were very polite and helpful. The concierge booked us in a very good restaurant in Kensington. Sofitel staff thank you for the wonderful stay. We 'll be back.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Net1
<Content>Great stay Stayed one night for our wedding anniversary having secured a good deal for a superior room through the hotel's own website. On arrival we were given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room, however the room was still on the small side and didn't have a separate shower (as is advertised on the website) so I think we got one of the less deluxe, deluxe rooms!! The greetinbg we had was fantastic though - very friendly. Having said that, the room was fine, the bed - what can I say - the MOSt comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Allergy sufferers beware - there are feathers everywhere! But if I could've taken the bed home with me, I would have. You can buy the whole thing for a mere 3,000 euros according to the booklet left in the room!Fabulous location - about a 5-10 minute walk to Charing Cross Station, 5/10 mins to Soho - I'd recommend going there for dinner. The bar prices are pretty steep - I work in London and am used to the prices, but 拢18 for a glass of wine and a beer - ouch! Buckingham Palace is about a 5 minute walk and you can stroll through St James' Park which is lovely on a summer's afternoon. Overall we had a lovely time at the Sofitel and would happily stay there again if I could get a similar rate for a room. Not sure I'd pay the rack prices though.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mat12345
<Content>C'est magnifique! A wonderful location and a very nice stay overall. The little touches to welcome us were a nice surprise, such as the fruit in the room and the welcome letter and drink in the bar. The room was large and very well-equipped. The bed was wonderful, it was very hard to get up in the morning! We did have a couple of minor complaints such as the cleaner spending a long time cleaning the room even though she knew we wanted access, and the lack of towels next to the shower but these are minor problems compared to the whole experience. We'd both love to return very soon!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>roj
<Content>Excellent Hotel My wife, daughter and myself have just returned from a 3 day stay in Sofitel St James, and thoroughly enjoyed all aspects of our stay at the hotel. The location, staff and rooms were second to none, with incredible attention to detail. We requested a cot for my 15 month old daughter, and found a baby bathrobe, teddy, baby bath and rubber duck in the room - such a level of service. I really cannot fault the hotel and will definitely be staying here next time I visit london.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>R4chyroo
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed the Sofitel St James My Mum and I were given some free train tickets and decided on a shopping weekend in London.I booked this hotel via LateRooms and got a great deal so was really excited to be going - the hotel didn't disappoint. It is very well located and is in easy walking distance of Piccadilly Circus, Regent Street, the Theatre District, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square - the list goes on.We went for a superior double room which was a little on the small side but perfect for our purposes. The shower was excellent and the bed exquisite.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and we enjoyed a lovely afternoon tea in the Rose Lounge.I wouldn't hesitate to go back to the Sofitel St James again and in fact, my Mum and I are planning our next trip!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tramp08
<Content>Thumps up! Very nice. My husband and I stayed in Sofitel St. James for 4 nights. We have only good things to say. All the personnel was very helpful and friendly, always greeting us with a smile. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in in a hotel. I didn't feel the weight of my body on the mattress at all, even after a long tiring day. There were also several nice touches, as small bottles of water by our bed for both of us every day, slippers, bathrobes, and towels were renewed even in the late afternoon, if we had used them during the day. Instead of the welcome blaring from the TV set, there was a letter on the desk from the general manager of the hotel addressed to us.Location, location, location. Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, St. James' Park, Buckingham Palace etc. all in walking distance. One night we went to a theatre, and just walked there and back. We found some interesting shops and cafes for lunch in the neighbourhood. Also right next to Piccadilly Circus on Regent Street there was a big grocery store, Tesco. Many times in big cities it is difficult to find a grocery store, (for example in New York). The hotel is also the straight shot from Heathrow Airport on the subway, Piccadilly Line. You can take the tube to either Victoria Station or London Bridge to catch a train to Gatwick Airport.The hotel room was not huge, but it was big enough and tastefully furnished. The shower was also amazing. The hotel was very peaceful, no rowdy groups. I would definitely would like to stay there again next time I am going to London.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Happytraveller
<Content>Lovely hotel, good location! We stayed for just one night in late March and really enjoyed or stay. The most comfortable hotel beds we've experienced for ages. The staff were all efficient and courteous and the decor was lovely. I especially liked the Rose Lounge where we had afternoon tea!Very close to St James' Park, Piccadilly etc etc. Would definitely stay here again when we next visit central London.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bertie
<Content>Simply the best! Stayed one night at this fabulous hotel and can only say good things about it. The service is exceptional - all staff were welcoming, friendly and efficient. It is also well located for London's main attractions.The room was fab with the most amazingly comfortable bed, excellent bathroom with extra towels which was a real treat - wanted to stay another night the bed was so comfy!!Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zryder
<Content>Fabulous I booked this hotel through a Priceline Name your own price deal, and on previous stays at other hotels we have been allocated the smallest rooms with no view etc. Fine - you get what you pay for! However, at St James I had a totally different experience.For the price of a three star hotel in central London we were able to stay at a superb hotel in a pefect location - just round the corner from both Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. Not only that but we were upgraded on arrival - what a bargain.Having worked for a competitor five star hotel chain several years ago, my standards are somewhat exacting to say the least. I honestly could not fault the hotel in any respect.Service levels were exceptionally high, and always with a smile. The one thing that really stands out in my mind though was the copious supply of towels in the bathroom. Your usual allocation (two bath towels, two hand towels, flannels and bathrobes) were on display, and under the sink unit were another couple. A superb touch - not that we needed them being conscious of the environment.We didn't eat in the hotel but took cocktails in the bar - again superb.I would highly recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again myself soon.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>magentahh
<Content>Great Location       Deluxe Room  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FlyingFinn
<Content>Mostly exellent Perfect location for central London, rapid and friendly check-in, a bit small but elegant room (standard queen, 6th floor, nice view over the roof tops), friendly staff, suits to honeymooners and businessmen alike.However, there were minor problems, too: bathtub had a drainage problem, a maid rang the door bell 8.30 in the morning, a staff member wanted to fill in my minibar 2 minutes after I had arrived after a whole day out from the hotel, and finally incorrect bill (with minibar items I had not touched). This was quickly solved, though. Oh, and the tea mugs in the room were stained.Anyway, I do recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leiceterboy
<Content>Great location, lovely beds You can't beat where this hotel is located, very near to St James Park. The rooms are nice and clean and the beds are fabulous. Very quiet as well. Value for money wise the place is excellent.Small criticisms. Due to the nature of the building it feels a bit dark and enclosed. The decor is a bit old fashioned. Locally for breakfast I recommend the Inn in the Park, nice location and a 5 minute walk away.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	3	4	3	

<Author>OOOooodeeeEEE
<Content>Fantastic hotel I cannot believe how quiet this area of London is considering it is literally a stones throw from Trafalgar Square !!!Fantastic hotel, modern rooms, stunning beds, great staffJust a great hotel in every way  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>willip
<Content>Elegant Hotel with Great Staff and Service We stayed a weekend at the Sofitel St. James, choosing it based on our previous experience of the brand in New York. Relaxed but elegant charm just about sums up the experience here.Arrival and check-in were effortless and we were told that as our room had no street view we could change it if we wished. The room was more than acceptable and we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the decoration and furnishings. Our rate included a complimentary drink in the bar and staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly.The bathroom had a separate shower cubicle and all was well stocked with Roger  Gallet toiletries. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the room not too crammed with unnecessary furniture.Breakfast in the Roux Brasserie restaurant on the ground floor was pleasant beyond words. Both in quality and quantity the food was among the best hotel breakfast offerings I've experienced and served by friendly and approachable staff is an unfussy way.A hotel I'd recommend without hesitation and to which we'll return again.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nickdodger
<Content>A good choice for central london Our experience reflects that of other positive reports. This is a very nice, well-run hotel. Yes, an attempt was made to up-sell upon check-in but that can be good if they are offering good value, the money they don't earn tonight will be gone forever. We chose not to upgrade and the room was fine, well furnished but in line with London hotels it wasn鈥檛 large. The location is very convenient to Trafalgar Square, The Mall and Piccadilly. While the hotel is tucked out of the way taxis were easy and the surroundings pleasant; this is a great place for a hotel. Housekeeping was good the staff acknowledged us when we entered the hotel each time and the concierge cheerfully provided the services we asked for. These people know their business and we will return on future occasions.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raikesend
<Content>subtle changes This is a good hotel, we have stayed many times. It has changed it's policy and now looks for higher value clients, with high occupancy being of reduced importance. So although they are less busy they are making more money because they are getting more per customer. They were keen to upgrade us when we arrived even though we had organised a deal with them on a specific room. I felt there was a subtle pressure to extract more money from us which spoilt some of my experiences there. I feel I will need to shop around more when stopping there again or maybe I will need to check out other hotels.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Contessa
<Content>Our favourite, affordable, pied a terre in London We have stayed at The Sofitel St James many times and just love it more each time we go.We have tried many 5* London hotels but Sofitel SJ is the winner for us. Yes it's a big hotel but the staff are so well trained they are hard to fault for eg upon arival we were a little early for check in but were given complimentary refreshments in the gorgeous Rose Lounge whilst we waited 10 mins before we were shown up to our room.Our room was as comfortable as ever with a gorgeous bed and lovely fabrics. We had complimentary fruit and water waiting for us and all the staff we encountered went out of their way to be hospitable and accommodating including the porter who whisked our luggage up in no time at all.We found we had no language problems I am glad to say.The bathroom was deco inspired and was very easy to linger in with delightful French toiletries as you might expect.. Dining in Brasserie Roux is highly recommended as it is both very affordable with a set price menu of 拢25 for 3 courses including 2 glasses of wine and extremely good French food.Breakfast is quite expensive if you haven't bought an inclusive package but well worth the investment if you have time to linger. If not Mario's 5 minutes away is the perfect spot for an economical start to the day with wonderful coffee.The atmposphere is always buzzing when we are there and we always star spot  because we have never stayed there without being in famous company usually actor's or television presenters, which is a fun pastime. The hotel always has magnificent flower displays and over the Festive Season the lobby was quite beautiful.The atmposhere over New Year was super and is it any wonder with it's prime location to view fireworks from St Jame's park and on the route of the great fun New Years Day Parade, just by the commentator for prime views. It's location is simply the best in London for us, 2 mins away from the beautiful St James's park, 10 mins from Buckingham Palace about 7 mins walk to The National Gallery and Fortnum and Mason's as well as all the beautiful little shops in the arcades in and around Jermyn St . We even walked back from the Royal Opera house on New Year's Eve because of road closures and it took 12 minutes.Sheer bliss at very good and affordable prices.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BobMQC
<Content>Very good, solid hotel, but reflected in prices This is clearly a very good hotel; hard to find faults with it. Perfect location, clean, good rooms, fantastic bed, great bathrooms, all necessary amenities, excellent food at the restaurant and good service (contrary to some other visitors I found the service attentive and very efficient). One negative for me was that the room I had was facing the internal yard and at first glance looked slightly depressing because of that, the lack of light, darker decor and a relatively small size (but not that small by London standards). Later this was not a problemAnd finally, the quality and location of the hotel are amply reflected in the prices.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>peyles
<Content>A good base for 1 night in the Smoke... We stayed here for 1 night of our honeymoon stopping off between New York and the Maldives, and it couldn't have been better.The room was a decent size, the bathroom was huge (bath AND seperate shower) and noise was non-existent. Breakfast was pretty expensive (and not included in the room rate) so we bundled to a small place just up the road (a French owned cafe which served an excellent choice of continental style breakfast treats...!).The location is the best though, right near Oxford Street, Soho, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, etc. Also, just a short walk from Picadilly Circus (direct tube ride to Heathrow a real bonus...!).I agree with the comments about the staff...a little non-existent to say the least but pleasant enough (this is London after all).A little tip - if you are staying, join their privilage club (for free) before you go. That way you get a free drink in the bar (up to the value of about 拢12...!), a bottle of water and free gift in the room (although we didn't get the latter...!).  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Piiicky-traveller
<Content>Weird hotel conveniently located We've stayed in this hotel for 8 nights in January. It is perfectly located for tourists and shoppers with lots of opportunities for eating out nearby.What was strange there is staff. Absolute lack of motivation! No attention to negative feed-backs. Seems that they don't want to be there but just have to. As a guest you have a feeling that you are unexpected alien whith stupid bothering requests (which actually need to be made several times in some cases there). It鈥檚 a very unpleasant feeling, especially when they charge you heavily for the room. Moreover you expect this hotel to be technically perfect, but it鈥檚 not as it had TV sound not working + shower and lavatory faucets were a bit used. The bathroom door had significant gaps so it is very smell-transparent for those who are outside the bathroom, therefore it's not right choice for romantic pairs. I will never come back to this hotel as there are several much better ones both for business and leisure.P.S. They charge for the broadband internet  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Late-Starter-7
<Content>Great Location We went to London for New Years Eve. The hotel was very well situated to Charing Cross Station, Leicester Square, Hyde Park and Covent Garden. All the places we wanted nearby to avoid costly taxi fares.The staff were pleasant but we found they were all heavily accented and we found it diffcult to understand them at reception and at the bar.The rooms were not overly big and the bathroom was quite small. but it was lavishly decorated in Black and Chrome. Very clean. Perhaps a little over expensive for what you got - but then I guess you are paying for the prime location.We enjoyed our stay but there was something missing from the hotel that we couldn't put our finger on. Atmosphere, ambience? We have stayed at various 5 star hotels in London which all seemed to have something extra special about them - this one did not.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hollyfairy
<Content>Classy, good location, expensive and very French This is a classy hotel. Location is excellent. But it is expensive - 拢21 per person for Continental breakfast and 拢24 per person for full English. We thought this was included but wasn't and to be honest I personally cannot justify spending 拢48 on breakfast when I have spent 拢245 per night, per room, so hubby and I walked along to Apostrophe and had paninis and great cappucino for just under 拢6 each (turn right out of hotel - about 100 yds). Having said that, we got back really late on New Years Day and fancied a snack - Club sandwich and fries 拢15 per person, but it was excellent. Housekeeping is top notch. Beds ar so comfortable. All Staff we came across were French, nice to see that Sofitel look after their own, don't often see that in British hotels.I would return, but tend to get just as good rooms/service at Red Carnation Hotels and breakfast at a cheaper rate.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>maddeline
<Content>Lovely Stay I stayed here for a long weekend with my mother- we had a lovely room with a river view. the bed was amazing, better then mine at home. the lobby is quiet and the staff is helpful but not particularly friendly. I think the location is perfect if you want to explore London but not that easy to get to the airports from here. take advantage of the breakfast- its fantastic.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>welshgalCardiff
<Content>Perfect Location! We stayed here the weekend before Christmas and had a wondeful night stay. We only had a small overnight bag and so enjoyed the 20 min walk from Victoria station to the hotel. We arrived an hour early but our room was ready for us. Very cheerful reception staff.The room was fairly small (we were offered an upgrade for an extra 拢50 but as we were only staying one night it wasn't necessary), but was full of everything you could possibly need for a comfy stay. Hairdryer, bathrobes, iron, ironing board, tea/coffee making facilities, mini bar, t.v. safe. The bed was extremely comfortable. They must have many compliments on the bed as there is a catalogue from which you can purchase mattresses and pillows! Great bathroom although the water was only on the verge of being warm and not hot. There was a large choice of food and drink on the room service menu but we stayed clear due to the prices - 拢190 for a bottle of Jack Daniels! We had a pre-theatre meal in Brasserie Roux which is the restaurant attached to the hotel. The food and service was excellent, as was the price. Just 拢20 for a three course meal plus two glasses of wine!We also noticed that we had had a turn down service when we returned from the theatre which was a lovely touch. They had even left a note next to our bed letting us know what tomorrows weather was expected to be! Newspapers were left in a bag outside our room in the morning.The hotel is in a perfect location, just a few minutes walk to the theatres and the shops are even closer so no need for using public transport or taxis.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel - 拢21 extra. Instead we went to a lovely cafe just to the right of the hotel called apostrophe, definitely recommend it for coffee and pain au chocolate!We booked through the hotel and payed 拢120 for a classic room. We had this low price as it was paid in advance and non refundable if we cancelled. Will definitely be returning to this hotel again!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>IONACARR
<Content>a little piece of paris in london! I booked this hotel through american express travel service after first checking comments on trip advisor! We arrived early so our room was not ready, but had a lovely brunch in the bar. We were then given keys to an upgraded room at about 12.30.The room was very well equiped and beautifully decorated. The staff were all charming and most seemed to be French as did quite a lot of the guests. The hotel is very well located especially for the shops! and we didi not feel the need to travel by tube,during our stay which is always a bonus in London. Our only small gripe was that on our first night we were told we did not need to book a taxis,we arrived 30mins early for the doorman to get us a taxi,but due to torrental rain there were no taxi available,and threfore we had to cancel a dinner reservation, which was fine but if you have theatre tickets as some guest did, MAKE SURE YOU BOOK TAXIS!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>HollywoodNorthTO
<Content>A Classy Gem! Luxury, location and service with a smile!!!We tend to enjoy the Sofitel chain of hotels we have not been dissappointed yet...this was no exception. Travelling to a european city with 2 children has its challenges! This property is located in the best possible location for all siteseeing..everything is walking distance and a cab is never more then a minute away. Your removed from alot of the traffic congestion that goes with every big city. Staff is very accommodating (lots and lots of umbrellas for everyone). Its not overwhelming ,subtle luxuries...like the beds and linens ensure a goodnight sleep! Restaurant may be alittle pricey particularly for a breakfast our family of four 200 pounds I nearly fainted!!! However this place is surrounded by great places to eat and shop!!! I would not stay anywhere else.You can't go wrong!!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AmsterdamMec
<Content>Can businesstravelers trust Sofitel St James London?! I booked my stay at St James Sofitel London 1,5 month prior befor arriving. I choose a comfortable delux or something room and booked on the Sofitel site self. All went well and i got my confirmations. A need to know: I also have a priority guest Sofitel card. All set and done i thought.The booking resitriction were clear for me..... but were NOT for Sofitel apparently. A few hours befor arrival, i got this telephone from booking. If i was planning to come by myself or with 2 persons? I answered that i was traveling alone. we cannot offer you the room that you booked because many people want to sleep at our hotel this weekdend and we will put you in a small one single bed bedroom. You can take one drink from the minibar as complementary drink - do you accept this offer? And sorry Sir but you have no other option.I was stunned. And angry. And argued. I made my reservation, seccured by creditcard and as a preferred guest. And for that moment it was not possible anymore to get another room elsewhere. Angry because I cannot trust Sofitel!! St James did choose for the money, as they could book my room to a couple and push me into a prison room of 4m2 or something with the most tiny single bed i ever saw in my life (maybe 1m80 x 90cm). They disregarded our agreement!I really looked forward on my stay at this hotel, but feel betrayed by Sofitel. How can they do this to preffered guest cardholders - i still cannot figure this out.Overall experience: i was not happy at all here because of how they treated me. It felt as if i was a B-guest instead of a preferred guest. I will use the Sofitel hotels worldwide, but not the St James anymore. Because i serieously doubt. A SPECIAL WARNING TO ALL BUSINESSTRAVELERS AL ONE: CAN WE TRUST SOFITEL ST. JAMES??? beware of this hotel, because if they wish, they they change agreements by the snap of a finger.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>saldav9
<Content>Fabulous I can't fault this hotel. Service was superb. Room was lovely. Breakfast was delicious. We'd definitely stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kristin1878
<Content>Fabulous Wonderful hotel in a great location. Centrally located with super quiet rooms. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lily100
<Content>Enchanting Loved the whole atmosphere of this hotel...and on top of that it also had the comfiest bed I've ever slept in, the best pastries ever found outside of France, a superb location, and excellent service. I could quite happily live here!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FatBoySteve
<Content>Up to the usual high standards For a great location in London, with service to match this is the hotel to stay in. I have stayed in the hotel sevearl times over the past few years, it is still my number one choice for overnight or longer stays in what I would say is one of the most exciting capital cities in the world.This time my wife and I took our six year old daugher with us, as we went to see King Tut at the O2 and then on to see Joseph the musical. The hotel staff made a fuss of her even leaving a teddy bear on her bed. The location of the hotel makes walking to Oxford street, China town and the various shows more than easy.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BarbaraBec
<Content>GREAT! Great hotel! Great location, professional staff, very clean, good room size. Would recommend the hotel to everybody!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sharonalyse
<Content>My Favorite Hotel Anywhere I have stayed here four or five times for two nights on business overthe course of the last 18 months. Everytime I return, the staff remembers me by name. When you ask for something obscure, they will get it for you at no charge. When I checked in this last trip, there was no water in the room, and within five minutes, room service arrived with a large bottle of Evian at no charge.I recently lost a shirt in the hotel (either it got mixed in with the linens, or I misplaced it). When I inquired if they found it, they immediately reimbursed me for a replacement, no questions asked.The bed is the most comfortable bed I have EVER slept in. But be careful, you won't want to get out! I highly recommend you have two wake up calls. :) The heated towel racks are a nice touch as well. The location is great in central London, convenient to the Tube. The bistro in the hotel is nice as well but a bit on the pricey side.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>voyager69
<Content>Wonderful base in London Having stayed in Sofitels in France and liked their style and extremely comfortable beds we decided to try Sofitel St James, and have just been back for the second time. The location is superb for theatres, opera, upmarket shopping and art galleries yet just away from the main crowded areas, in a former bank on Waterloo Place overlooking Pall Mall and historic statues. The largely French staff don't seem to mind the address and on both our visits have been friendly, welcoming and helpful. If you arrive by car the concierge service offers valet parking (拢40 for 24 hours). Check in and out very efficient.The style is quietly modern, black  chrome and glass feature strongly, the bedrooms and bathrooms offer everything you would expect with impeccable standards of cleaning.Minibar prices as usual are punitive, but we tend to avoid them anyway. The bar and restaurant (Brasserie Roux) are undeniably expensive but of high quality and Central London prices are high generally. We shall be back.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>newharp
<Content>Sofitel was perfect! Many people have noted that they would not recommend this hotel for travelers with small children. We stayed 2 nights with our 7 year old son. We were upgraded to an executive room which was very spacious. The roll-away bed was not in the way. The staff was very courteous to our son. Contacting the hotel directly, I was able to get them to include breakfast in the room rate (which was very expensive, but it's London, after all.) The room was the same price without breakfast. At $42 US/per person, there's no breakfast that good! It was a wonderful breakfast, though, and the breakfast personnel were perfect and professional.At a price such as we paid, I would have liked to have had real cream and real coffee in the room instead of powered stuff. A French press would would great with the electric kettle.I also had trouble, as did another reviewer, with water coming out of the shower pan. That was probably operator error, as it only occured on one of my showers. My son loved the big tub, and living in South Alabama, he'd never seen a towel warming rack! Ah, the education of travel!Little bitty kids might be uncomfortable (or make their parents uncomfortable--it's a pretty swanky place, after all), but well-behaved kids will feel right at home. Don't be put off by comments about not bringing a kid here.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nakina
<Content>Great Hotel But a Few Problems We stayed 3 nights in September with the weekend rate of 120 pounds being very good and the 320 pounds Monday night rate not being good at all. First the positives - the hotel property is modern, new and beautifully appointed. The service was excellent and the location being a few yards off Pall Mall and a 4 minute walk to Picadilly Circus top notch. Notwithstanding its central location the hotel property and street was quiet and no noise from the hall or other rooms was heard. As others have said, the beds are wonderful. The checkin and checkout were very efficient. I guess some people like being sat down at a desk and going through a 15 minutes checkin process like some hotels do but I like getting it done as promptly as possible. I like Sofitels generally and this one is a great representative of the chain.The negatives - paying 15 pounds a day for wireless internet when you are paying 320 pounds for a room is unacceptable. There is wireless internet in the lobby and in the business center but you have to pay there as well. We stayed at 41 Hotel in London earlier this month fo 275 pounds a night and the internet was free.The other problem was when I got the bill I saw that I had been charged on two different days for multiple bottles of juice and energy drinks. We had had none of them and I couldn't figure out why this mistake had been made on not one, but two, different days. What we had done each of those days was lay in the mini-bar a bottle of wine we had purchased to keep it cool. When I asked about the charges they told me that they have sensors on the bottom of the holders that the drinks sit in and as soon as you move them in any way a charge goes on the bill . While I appreciate the technology what I don't appreciate is them putting it on the bill and then waiting to see if you will object or not. Hardly a fair way to do business. She did take the charges off the account but why the onus is on me to object is beyond me.Having said this, it is a great place to stay , especially if you don't open the mini-bar and if you don't want to use the internet.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ksrose
<Content>Great beds, excellent location, but high prices We enjoyed three very comfortable nights at this hotel over the Labor Day weekend of 2007. This is a five-star property, and the service was five stars, but as I will explain below a shock with some prices dampened my overall enthusiasm.My first impression on flopping down on my bed was that it was the most comfortable bed I ever had been on. I kept that impression. Feather mattress, big feather pillows, feather comforter. Beware allergy sufferers!Other things I noticed right away: fresh roses, a view over London, windows that opened widely, a very fancy bathroom with two showerheads, heated towel rack, beautiful artwork.It is hard to overestimate the high quality and professionalism of the service staff. I never saw a maid's cart, but our room was perfect. The front desk and room service were very prompt. The concierge desk is very fully staffed. An example of their service: I had a problem with a CPAP (medical equip.) machine I use to help me sleep. I asked to borrow some pliers or tape. Instead, they took it, gave it to their hotel engineer. He sent someone out to get a new cord. The whole machine, fixed, was returned to me in less than an hour. (There was a preapproved five pound portage charge added to my bill for making a run to the store and back.) I was SO relieved.The location of this hotel literally could not be better. The main London tourist office is about a block away, where I was able to get some advice on a train and purchase tickets. Trafalgar Square, the beauiful St. James park, Picadilly Circus (3 blocks), the Theatre District, and so on are all extremely close. There s a grocery store almost across the street, and numerous cafes nearby.Cons: Although there were many kinds of tea in the room, there was only instant coffee and powdered milk. I guess I could have called room service, but their prices scared me. I ended up getting coffee at McDonalds. Also, minibar prices were extremely high. A coke costs four pounds. Restaraunt prices also seemed high, but probably are average for this type of hotel. At any hotel in the USA I would have an ice machine and coke machine in the hall. I missed that. Finally, I won this hotel on Priceline for $240 USD. That seemed like a lot to me, until I checked at how expensive London hotel rooms are. When I checked in I told them I needed two beds, and not one. I had to pay 110 pounds extra for this (total) for 3 nights. At other hotels I won on Priceline, I never had to pay extra for a second bed.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bowdoin
<Content>Great weekend deal We were able to stay at this 5 star hotel (their rating, not mine) for 120pounds per night which in London is really a great price.The weekday price is much higher than the weekend rate. It is all you could ask for; quiet, helpful staff, clean, chic, nice bar, great breakfast, cool lobby and the dreamiest beds in the world. This may not be the Ritz or the most cutting edge find, but the price and the location were great and we would surely stay there again. We were there for a wedding and when I mentioned the price to other guests from out of town, their jaws dropped! They were mostly paying twice that at other hotels.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nenepoos
<Content>Superb What a find.We like our comfort. We rarely get away from the kids, so when we do we treat ourselves. We booked this on the back of the New York Sofitel being so nice. Wow we were not dissapointed. This was better. Room was really comfortable, bathroom was really big and beautiful. location was 200m from Picadilly Circus yet nice and quiet. A bit expensive maybe but worth it. Breakfast was also perfect.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alodge
<Content>excellent location, great experience Just back from weekend in London. Booked this hotel fromrecommendations on this website. Thank you! From themoment we walked in the door we were looked after. The location is ideal to explore London. The staff were extremely helpful, our room whilst small had everything we required. If I had one complaint it would be the service in thebar was extremely slow....but this is really only a very smallcomplaint. Breakfast was excellent, dining room very tasteful.Loved it and will stay again!!!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SherlockB
<Content>Great Hotel in Perfect Location for London Tourist We spent two nights at the Sofitel St. James in late August 2007. The room we stayed in was a bit small, but it was extremely clean, comfortable, and quiet. The staff was also very helpful in accomadating our travel schedule (early check-in and early check-out with a cab awaiting) as well as advising us about touring London (restaurants, shows, etc.). The hotel is in the perfect launching point for a London tourist - a few blocks from Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, and a short stroll to Leicester Square and the Theatre District. Its also a few blocks from the double-decker tour bus stops.We booked our stay through Priceline.com (directly - not through the bidding process) and after all of the fees and taxes, it ended up being about $400 USD a night. This was the most we had ever spent on a hotel room, but believe it was well worth it (especially considering how expensive London is).  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>slj60
<Content>Just Wonderful - always       The fabulous My Bed  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mimi27
<Content>Worth every penny! Was fortunate to have stayed at the Sofitel New York last year so knew it would be great. We spent just 2 nights in London, without the kids, so wanted it to be perfect. It was. From the time we arrived at the Sofitel (10am and way too early for check in) they had a room ready for us. Amazingly polite staff. The Rose room was even prettier in reality. Even the public toilets were immaculate and really well decorated. We didn't eat at the hotel but had beverages in the Rose Lounge and bar a number of times....excellent service, fabulous decor and potent cocktails! The decor in the bar is very dark and masculine....perfect for late night drinks.The room was a pleasure.....exactly as the website shows it. The best part was the location. Turn left at the hotel exit and walk 2 minutes to St James' park/5 minutes to Downing St. Turn right at the hotel exit and walk 3 minutes to Piccadilly Circus.The porters are a credit to this hotel. They were hailing taxi's as we asked for one!Despite the hotels ranking and room rates, there are no unpretentious airs and graces.Would be happy if I could always stay at the Sofitel......somehow, I think the experience might be different with a toddler and a 4 year old!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agreyworld
<Content>Fantastic trip I cannot reccomend this hotel enough.Having had a disasterous experience at The Academy (see write up) at Easter we braved a return journey to London May bank holiday.We got a pretty good deal and when we arrived were upgraded to a better room which was huge. We were showed round by really friendly staff and felt really special the whole time we were there.Reyurning to our room in the evening our bed had been turned down with drinks and slippers left for us, classic FM playing in the background. The bed was just so comfy it was difficult to get out of it in the morning.For us it was fantastic and the food at breakfast was simply gorgeous. We reccomend the eggs benedict.Cannot say too many good things about this place and will certainly be returning.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>xienc
<Content>Excellent Very nice hotel in the heart of London. Staff are very friendly and efficient. Rooms kinda small but have everything you could need. Would definately recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sheryll
<Content>Great hotel - great location We spent four nights recently at the Sofitel St James and were delighted with our experience. As Sofitel card holders we were upgraded to a larger room and given the complimentary drink and also late check out (well worth paying $200.00 Australian per annum for this card if you travel frequently as always get upgraded).The Hotel was centrally located just minutes walk from Picaddily Circus, the Concergie staff were very helpful and the staff in the bar were wonderful as well as having a great sense of humour.The rooms were comfortable and modern and the bed was great, typical Sofitel pillows and mattresses (which we love).The bathroom was bright clean and functional, only issues was that the shower did not have a deep enough tray at the bottom and water would go through the door onto the floor. Simple solution roll bathmat up against the door, this was annoying and we advised the hotel of it, but not enough for us not to stay there again. Simply put its what you expect of Sofitel Hotels.The location is great as you can walk to Buckingham Palace and all the other sites, London Eye, No 10 Downing Street, Big Ben.Quick tip: dont eat breakfast in the hotel, expensive, nip around the corner to Eat where you can take away or eat in a great breakfast for a couple of pounds.Nice touch was that the hotel had free orange juice, coffee and crossaints next to the front counter for early morning departure guests.Would stay there again and recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Traveler_60540
<Content>Perfect Experience       Bed at Sofitel  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MichaelEdinburgh
<Content>Great hotel - still a shame about the staff There is a clear common theme running through many of the reviews of this hotel. First, the positives:- fantastic location, ideal for a visit to London as a tourist- the beds really are that comfortable- the rooms are among the best soundproofed I've ever stayed in, so you should have a very good chance of an excellent nights sleep- good rooms, good bathrooms, plenty of space- decor is interesting and fun, even if not to everyone's taste- food good.Overall, I would recommend the hotel, and would like to stay again because the positives are many.However, the negatives that other reviewers have reported were all present and correct on my most recent visit (of three stays altogether).Firstly, those chambermaids are still in the habit of bursting into your room for no apparent reason. One of them appeared at 5pm while I was in the shower. She quickly disappeared and never came back to do whatever it was she was going to do (presumably turn the bed down).Secondly, the payment systems still seem to be a bit of a mess. This is not helped by reception staff who are still fairly offhand and seemingly clueless about how their systems work.I had booked 2 rooms, one for myself and my wife, the other or my parents. My parents arrived before we did and checked in. When we arrived, we checked in and were also asked to check my parents in too. It took some time for the staff to grasp the concept that the latter had already happened ('are you sure you have checked in?' - yes, here's the card; 'did you check in under your own name?' - no, we just made one up at random etc).On the morning of departure, we had breakfast, and as we were paying for the rooms, my parents offered to pay for breakfast, which they did direct with the restaurant manager. However, on checking out, it took a good half an hour to verify that breakfast had been paid for, even though we could produce the receipt from their own restaurant. The restaurant manager eventually appeared as a 'character witness' to verify.Finally, my wife and I left before my parents, having handed in the completed express checkout form for both rooms. When my parents handed their key in, they were practically accused of trying to leave without paying. It took another half an hour before the reception staff found the express checkout form and, without apology, let my parents go on their way. Needless to say, my parents were very upset by this shoddy treatment. I should add that I called to complain and did receive a very gracious and unreserved apology for this obvious breakdown in their systems, but it is a pity that the hotel seems to do this sort of thing consistently.So, my advice would be: - turn the lock on your door - this appears to illuminate a red light outside the room which presumably tells ther chambermaids that you are in - they may not burst in then, although you may then forego the turndown service.- avoid booking more than one room - if you have to, test the reception staff's understanding of how you are going to pay and make sure they note this down on your records- charge stuff to your room - don't try to pay separately for anything  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>pyar
<Content>Great location is the best part We stayed here for two nights in early July and absolutely loved the location. This hotel is a stone's throw from Trafalger square and Picadilly Circus and we felt we were right in the middle of the action. The hotel itself is sophesticated and well decorated and the most of the staff seemed friendly. We booked this online on priceline and booked a queen bed which at home usually accomodates our two small kids who love to sleep with us whenever they can. The website never asked if we had kids and we thought nothing of the matter until we got to the hotel and were told that we could not be given our room because it was against fire regulations and that the only way anyone can book a room like that is if we had said we had no children! We thought that maybe we made a mistake and they gave us a suite which cost as much extra as we had already paid for the original reservation. Once we were home, we found that we could make the same reservation without being asked once about kids but there is some small print about double occupancy. Anyway, we just want future travellers to beware.Except for this which ended up costing us a lot, the hotel was nice and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ssdriscoll
<Content>Overall Okay - but faced serious customer service challenges I stayed at the Sofitel St. James this past April for a long weekend after being in south England on business. As this was my first time in London (other then flying in and out) I choose the Sofitel based on the reviews from this site and I have to say that overall I was pleased with my stay. The location is wonderful, the rooms are exceedingly comfortable (I don鈥檛 think hotel bathrooms get better then this!) and the staff is pleasant and helpful 鈥?I should know! I do however have a slight bone to pick with them. My check-in proved to be a nightmare! After arriving at around 10am (much earlier then the posted check-in time) much to my pleasant surprise a room was available and I handed the very pleasant woman behind the reception counter my credit card and that my friends is where the troubles begin. While trying to pre-authorize my stay their system declined my credit card, I explained to the receptionist that this is impossible, please try again, and she did 鈥?declined again, ultimately she tried three time, three times their system declined my card. I finally handed her my personal bank card and after declining that two times their system finally accepted it on the third attempt after breaking down the room nights. Now stay with me here because that now totals 6 attempts by the hotel on two different cards at around 1400.00USD per attempt. I finally made it up to my room and after getting settled I got on the phone with my credit card company to try and resolve the issue and they tell me that they see the transactions and all the transactions have been approved, the Sofitel has now charged (are holding) me 3 times on my credit card and 2.5 times on my personal bank card! Their system was wrong. I make it back down to reception and try to explain what my credit card company has told me and request that they release the excess charges. You would think that this would be a simple matter for a hotel such as the Sofitel 鈥?45min later it proved that it wasn鈥檛 so simple. Ultimately I was on their phone in reception for the better part of an hour bouncing back and forth between my card companies, the Sofitel receptionist and their VISA vendor trying to explain to the Sofitel that the charges had been approved, even supplying the approval codes to no avail. FINALLY 鈥?after much headache the problems were thought to be resolved and I was able to go on about my evening. This is where I feel they dropped the ball a little bit: I understand that technology has it鈥檚 glitches and things don鈥檛 always run smoothly but the problem was not with my cards, it was with their system, and after fighting this for much longer then the hotel or I cared to did they offer a bar credit to buy me a drink? Maybe comp a breakfast? Did they offer any kind of extension of service that showed that they truly regretted the inconvience I faced upon check-in? NOPE!! While I was not looking for a hand out, some token of appreciation for my patience as a valued customer would have spoke volumes! I must take a moment and say to the credit of their staff that the young women behind the counter during this nightmare was very helpful (given the fact that she was just as frustrated as I was). Fast forward a few days and upon my check-out I was assured that all matters had been resolved, the correct card had been charged (I had asked them to remove my personal card from the file after all had been sorted with my credit card) and it had only been charged once. Wouldn鈥檛 that have been nice!I get home back to the States only to find out that they have charged my personal bank card once and my credit card twice. To try and make an already long story short it took multiple conversations and faxes and emails over months to finally remedy the situation and never once did I get anything more then a haphazard apology tag line on the bottom of an email. And while yes, I do believe that a sincere voiced apology can be more then sufficient (maybe a phone call guys?), when you are in the service business and you stumble to this degree sometimes a little extra bit will go a long way to ensure repeat business, especially in such a competitive business as London hotels go.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	1	5	4	

<Author>russellhill
<Content>Less than its parts I have stayed here twice and I agree with many of the positive points made by others: location, housekeeping, those beds(!), perfect sound attenuation, stellar air conditioning, food quality etc. This hotel can be a good value, especially on weekends, but is nowhere close to a true five star. Service: On my second trip, I arrived in the evening with two large bags and a giant briefcase. There was not a bellman to be seen either outside or inside the hotel. A staff member came out of the hotel to get a cab for someone but did not think to alert anyone that an arriving guest might need some assistance. At check in, the very pleasant young woman told me to put my bags over THERE at the unoccupied concierge desk. Check in took at least 15 minutes as she hunted for a non-smoking room that had been requested and confirmed. It turned out that - voila! - all the non smoking rooms had been given away. Food: The restaurant is surprisingly good and, it being central London, not badly priced. Breakfast is a princely 21 pounds. That gets a decent buffet. The menu shows a cooked breakfast being available from the kitchen, but no server requests an order (nor are orders seen being delivered to other tables). At breakfast on both visits almost a year apart, there were tiny insects flying around the sweet rolls on the buffet. Appetizers arrived before pre-dinner drinks on two occasions. Attempting to get the bill in order to actually get to the theatre on time required more persistence than any hotel guest should have to go through.鈥淭he look鈥? The mix of pseudo-classic and modern furniture is pleasant but doesn鈥檛 quite work. There are hints of Kelly Wuerstler鈥檚 鈥淎lice in Wonderland meets the Queen鈥?genius as exercised in some California hotels, but these are only hints and, in the end, what could have been a spectacular mix of the old, the new and the very grand comes across as none of these. Ultimately, these are nits. Despite all of my misgivings, would I stay here again? Absolutely.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Luv2Travel
<Content>Loved, Loved, Loved Sofitel St. James!!! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel St. James 05/17-05/21.The minute we arrived... we were greeted by a friendly doorman who took our luggage while we handled the check-in process.We arrived to the hotel an hour before the check-in time, this was not a problem as our room was readily available. The check-in lasted all of 5 minutes before we were off to our room.Our room was very clean and nicely decorated. As soon as we were in the room I had to lay on the bed and rest a little while as the jetlag was setting in. As others have mentioned here on tripadvisor...the bed was soooo comfortable!!! This was just what we needed after sitting in an airplane for 11 hours. 2 out of our 4 night stay at the Sofitel St. James, we had drinks at the hotel bar. The hotel bar was not very big...but very nice and comfortable with great service and great martinis.  The location of the hotel could not get any better. Sofitel St. James is a few blocks away from the Piccadilly Circus, and Trafalgar Square. It is also a short 10-15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace and to Covent garden. If you are looking for a great hotel in a great location...look no more and stay at the Sofitel St.James.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>anneville
<Content>gorgeous hotel Everything is just right here from the location in Regent St to the feather beds and shiny bathrooms. Add the welcoming staff and you have a recipe for a delightful stay in London.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JadedDeb
<Content>Old world feel with Modern Amenities Had a great 3 night stay. Hotel is in an old bank building but has been updated with modern amenities. Front desk staff was very helpful. Excellent location in St James/Mayfair. Not the charm of the Connaught or Claridges but I'll take the modern plumbing and air conditioning systems in a heartbeat. Brasserie Roux excellent for breakfast. My new first choice for London.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Jade2007
<Content>So Bed for life - BEST BED EVER I went to stay at Sofitel St. James for a weekend. I have never been to London before, and this was a fantastic choice by my partner. The decor has an old, elegant look to it, but the rooms were spectacularly modern as well.The rooms were immaculately clean and I'm a perfectionist and anal for organization, so I was extremely impressed with how the housekeepers organized all of stuff. I loved the little weather forecast ticket/bookmark thing, it felt very personalized.We ordered breakfast for room service and it was pleasantly surprised at how much food there was (who wouldn't be happy waking up to the arrival of fresh breakfast?)! We took the bag of pastries back to the airport and they were so good!My partner was impressed that we received The Independent and/or The Financial Times in the morning over The Guardian or The Times (He just wants to look smart.). But the best feature of the entire hotel experience was the bed. I was so happy to find that there was a brochure given, in case we wanted to buy a bed for ourselves! The bed is all the hype! It is so soft, I felt like I was sleeping on a bed of clouds and definitely the best bed I have ever slept on in my life. Sofitel may be expensive, but it was totally worth it. Try it out!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>fishygal
<Content>V. happy with stay - loved it We stayed here 3 nights in May 2007 and loved it. Great location - walking distance to many major sites and theatres. My husband said it was the most comfortable bed he has ever slept in. Arrived around noon and front desk staff apologized for room not being ready. They offered us a complimentary drink at the bar or in the tea room, as it would just be a few minutes. After a long overnight flight, and then the tube to pic. cir. stop (hotel is about 350 metres from the stop), we were anxious to check in. As promised, the staff came and found us when the room was ready, and we were still enjoying our tea. Room was superior category (their low end) and beautiful. Very spacious. Manager sent up some fresh figs and bottled water. Water was replenished each evening at turn-down. Check-out was smooth. Will be the only place we stay in London.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VacactionC
<Content>Fabulous I had the pleasure of staying at the St James Hotel for 1 night; I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, we were able to check in early and the service was outstanding. The hotel is in an excellent location, we walked from Buckingham Palace back to the hotel. The rooms were very comfortable and fairly spacious. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>urbunk
<Content>wonderful stay I never post reviews but after using tripadvisor to find a hotel that could fit my fickle demands for a short business trip to London without bankrupting me (and my client really who was paying for it), this hotel lived up to its reputation. I got a great deal on priceline after placing a blind bid and was glad I got stuck with the Sofitel.Rooms were clean and comfortable, the bed was like a cloud, bathrooms were fantastic. They even gave you little slippers that that I still have. The tea room is also cute and I had a great cup of oj. The LOCATION is right where you want to be. A block from all the action which is around the corner but off the main drag so it is more quiet. Picadilly,tube stops, movies, shows bars etc are walking distance and in other direction is a park and historic palace where they keep the royal horses or something like that. Great hotel!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>megster
<Content>Very good We booked in for our anniversary based on our fantastic experience of the Sofitel Silom in Bangkok.The hotel is in a great location in London. We got a free upgrade to superior and the room itself could not be faulted.My only gripe is the ridulculous prices on the breakfast menu, I still keep laughing now at the thought the anyone would pay 拢15 for a bacon sandwich, or 拢6 for a bowl of cereal. I guess that summarises rip off London for you though.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NicholaSwallow
<Content>Most Comfortable Bed in London!       Our Room  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>warthog
<Content>My Favorite Hotel in Europe My wife and I stayed at the Sofitel St. James in August 2005 on the first leg of our European honeymoon. We found the staff to be courteous and responsive, hotel to be clean, and the room (their most basic with a single queen bed) to be the most comfortable we would end up having on our entire trip. This Sofitel, like the others I have stayed in, also has a fantastic scent to it as well. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet, which was fresh and had good variety, but was very expensive. I returned again in October, 2006, needing the hotel for a single night before relocating to a friend's flat (they were away from town the first night). I made the mistake of taking the regular subway from Heathrow to Picadilly Circus (took a crowded and hot hour, with dozens of stops), and walking the two blocks to the Sofitel (easy  down hill, but the last straw after 7 hours in an airplane and the subway experience -- take Heathrow Express into the City and then a cab!!). By the time I got to the Sofitel, bags in tow, I was sweaty and exhausted. The welcome I received as a returning guest was like none I've received in Europe. They took my bags from me, upgraded me to an executive room, escorted me to the bar, and gave me a cold drink on the house. They then came and found me after my bags were ready for me in my room. The upgraded room was lightyears better than the room we loved so much on our honeymoon. It was a corner room with two floor to ceiling windows with privacy shades that let some light in. It had a huge soaking tub, separate shower, and the standard (which is to say fabulous) Sofitel bed. I took a long hot bath, showered off, and went to bed. I woke up the next morning for a massage I was able to schedule on arrival the night before (they have a small massage room next to their fitness center). They contract out the massage services. The woman who arrived was in her early 20's, and gave me the best deep tissue massage I've ever had. My only complaint about the entire stay was that gratuity was apparently included, but the form I was given to sign after the massage had another blank for gratuity, and I gave her a full tip twice. I'd have been more upset if the massage hadn't been so good. (My only other complaint about the hotel is the lack of a pool or a hottub; if you can get a room with the soaking tub you should be able to make due without).On checkout, the bellman promptly hailed me a cab, and loaded all my things for me. I see no reason to ever stay at a different hotel in London, and will make the Sofitel my foreign home on every future trip.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>princessbanana
<Content>great room, great location We stayed overnight the beginning of march in a deluxe king size room. Excellent room - very large bathroom with separate walk in shower (with a large shower rose but not much room to move in the shower). Fresh figs and water provided after we returned from lunch. Signed up for Sofitel membership, which enabled an early check in and late check out (4pm) - not many hotels offer this and was relaxing not having to check out early. Membership included a free drink each, which we had in the bar post theatre. Pre theatre food was ok. Water menu was interesting! Great location, great room. Would def stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>de_livio
<Content>bliss spot on hotel, if you have the money to burn stay here as it is very expensive BUT it is worth it, luxury at it peak. bellissiomo  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigbird01
<Content>CIty Break Location: Quite good location in the West End. The hotel is just at the bottom of Regent street near Trafalgar Square. Easy walking distance to shops, need a cab to get further afield.Food: Only had some room service but food was very nice if a touch expensive.Service: Check-in was very efficient and they even upgraded us to an executive room. Throughout the rest of our stay the staff were very pleasant and courteous.Room: Sofitel beds are great, you can feel yourself just melt into the pillows. Rooom was nice, decent TV but no pay-per-view. Bathroom was marble with seperate bath and rain shower. Overall a nice room.Overall: A nice hotel for a a week-end break, close to shops, lovely interior and good service.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NIMURA
<Content>More then so-so Location: perfect and quietRoom: nice and comfortable, ceiling is high and good size for London, nice decor exept strange wall paper around the entrance.Bed: comfortable ( if you prefer duvet )Bath room: clean and niceReception: nice if they are working for a bank.Concierge desk: there was a queue, so must be popular. Door man: Cheerful and helpful.  but sometimes not around the front door,Maybe I expected too much after I read all reviews beforeI stayed at the sofitel st james, my opinion is its just an average 4* hotel, not lower or above average.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>matorg
<Content>just fantastic The hotel in a first part is really good looking and i can even say beautiful in many points , on a second part all of the employees were very helpfull and nice .The hotel location was great , you can go to main attractive points without a car .I will come back to Sofitel London one day ,but only for few days cause it s a little bit expensive.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thea_007
<Content>When can I move in? I honestly cannot fault this hotel. If I can move in I would. If you're a visitor to London, then this is the place where you want to stay. Walking distant to Soho, Covent Garden, Piccadilly etc. But I also don't think you'd want to leave your bed as it is soooo comfortable. The staff are very friendly and the hotel has the most beautiful entrance. Try the rose room for tea and champagne. Lovely. Even though we live in London it was the best treat for Valentines.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lsbuffs
<Content>Great location, quiet, most comfortable bed I've ever slept in               More photos  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>howrd23
<Content>Great rooms/service, small gym Wonderful hotel staff, beautiful rooms, great location. I didn't really like the gym, it was SUPER small w/ only about 4 machines... but I guess it was acceptable. I stayed here and the meridien and would return here but never to the meridien. Only stayed one night, though, so didn't really get to see the restaurant or anything else. Staff was nice and they give you a free paper. We asked for two beds at check-in and they didn't give it to us which wasn't nice.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LilVoyager
<Content>A true 5 star experience, real value for money       Room  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AndersCopenhagen
<Content>Top-class business hotel       Glimpse of Trafalgar  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovetotravelhk
<Content>Second stay marred by an unpleasant experience I had posted a fantastic review of this hotel back in 2005. We recently stayed at this hotel again and we thought it was fantastic until a very negative incident occurred. Our advice is to flag your own cab and never ask Concierge to arrange a cab.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jennius
<Content>Absolute Perfect Location and Great Room - at a great price! My husband and I stayed here over the Christmas holiday and would highly recommend the hotel to anyone. We booked directly through to hotel website and got an awesome deal - $120 USD a night. The hotel is located just down from the metro stop at Picadilly Circus and a few blocks from Trafalgar Square and one block from St. James Park. Walk to the National Gallery, the West End Theaters, Westminister Abbey, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace. Easy ride on the metro everywhere else - or walk if you want more exercise. Hotel is very confortable with a great fluffy bed, a modern bathroom and satellite TV. Staff is very friendly and concierge was very helpful. Perfect for the London tourist who wants to be close, have a confortable place to rest at night (and even in between sightseeing) at a great price.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reviewguy
<Content>Brilliant hotel. Highly recommended At under one hundred pounds including all taxes, this was a steal, courtesy Priceline. Cosy (not too tiny, just ample) room, luxorious fittings, ultra comfortable bed and pillows that you just sink into, black and white marble/granite everywhere with olive green tapestries, heated towel racks, a CD clock radio, and generally a well designed room.This is an old bank converted into a hotel, steps away from Picadilly Circus and about a 3-4 minute walk from the tube stop. Bus stops are just outside. The British and London Tourist Centre is across the street, a Tesco supermarket is about a 2 minute walk. Very convenient for the theatre going crowd and for tourists in general. The concierge was helpful with all basic requests. The doormen were cheery. And walking in and out of the place, one just felt grand.Slight inconveniences: the (wonderful) rainshower was adequately warm at the hottest setting, no more. Probably a one time anomaly.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SPGmemberSingapore
<Content>The Elegant Hotel We booked 2 Classic Rooms which cost us 175 GBP + 17.5% VAT, for 4 adult and 2 childrens, included breakfast for 3 nights stay.Its stunning hotel which is located in the former home of Cox and Kings bank in the very heart of London, England. Right on the corner of Pall Mall and Waterloo Place, within walking distance of St. James鈥檚 Park.The best of all, we had experienced having breakfast at the award winning Brasserie Roux restaurant which offers first class French brasserie cuisine every single morning. Beside the food, the service was excellent. The classic rooms we got, were comfortable accommodation and extensive amenities. The stylish chrome fittings and elegant black marble is marvelous. The extra bed for our kids had been settled when we arrived. They were so attentive to our request.Our room has no view, as was offered by the deluxe rooms which have views overlook Waterloo Place or Pall Mall. The front office and concierge is helpfull.Look around, we found the Rose Lounge, a traditional tea lounge that pretty, feminine d茅cor with a subtle colour scheme of pink and cream, deep wool rugs and a fifties chandelier, creating a delicate and fresh ambience complemented by stunning displays of fresh roses and the sound of a harp. Its wow hotel. We Love it....  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>muncus
<Content>Smart and central A very smart, clean, modern hotel, not the most characterful, but everything works and it's very comfortable. The bathroom was particularly well equipped, with a fabulous shower. Staff are polite and helpful if not over friendly. The location is wonderful, with the west end on one side and St James park and Westminster on the other-London is on your doorstep. Breakfast at 拢20 each for a continental version looked laughably bad value so like other reviewers we skipped it.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>keentraveller13
<Content>Wonderful experience I arrived at the hotel at 9pm during height of Xmas party season.I hold a Gold card and had booked online at fairly short notice. Arriving at 9pm following a drinks party I was told there was no record of my reservation. I looked at my printout and realised I had booked for January by mistake!Front desk managed to find me the last room in hotel, very impressed. Lovely meal in the Roux Brasserie (have the salmon followed by skirt of beef)  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwitravelling
<Content>Nightmare service My partner and I had to attend separate work Christmas parties on the same evening and I thought it would be wonderful to cap off the night with a hotel stay in London - as well as being safer than trying to get home late at night. i booked the Sofitel through a bookings website and I had other 5 star hotels to choose from but chose the Sofitel because we had a lovely stay in the Beverly Hills Sofitel a couple of years ago.What a mistake!I had called ahead to explain that we would check in late and separately so they would be prepared. When I arrived a 9pm, they knew nothing of it. Explained again, wrote my partner's name on teh form where the receptionist asked me and retired to teh room. I was then awoken by a call shortly after midnight to say my partner was in reception and was it okay to send him up. they sent him up without a key so I had to get out of bed and let him int he room. So much for a restful night!The next morning a staff member burst into the room without any warning while we were washing and getting ready. I was naked at the time. We then found that there was only 1 bath towel in the bathroom so we had to share it. We found the room to be quite grubby - the curtains were stained. There was no view that others have mentioned - we looked into a back alleyway. The room was tiny compared to the glorious space we had in LA. The shower screen didn't work or was broken. The toilet roll holder had been attached on an angel so that the roll slid off every time you touched it. I had ordered a newspaper on checking in and that was not delivered.In all - not a 5 star service. I complained and was offered a measly 25% off the 拢195 + VAT room rate.Now I find that the authorisation they asked me to do on my debit card is still showing despite the room charge being deducted! I can't get any money out of my account until it clears. Absolutely hopeless service.Needless to say, we will not trust another Sofitel. But if you're ever in Berlin - try the Swissotel whcih I am reviewing!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Insightful
<Content>Peter-Pan like eyrie above the rooftops This hotel wins on virtually all counts. First of all, the location - just five minutes walk from Trafalgar Square - is very central and many areas of London - including the National Gallery, National Portrait Gallery, Leicester Square, the West End theatres, the Charing Cross bookstores, the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye - are within easy striking distance of the Sofitel. The second bonus is the comfort of the place. Yes, the central heating in the lobby might be a little overpowering. But, as is the norm, the bedrooms come complete with adjustable thermostats, so you can choose the degree of heat which meets your particular comfort zone. The lighting in the room is superb with a wide range of different lamps and spot lighting which makes the place very warm and inviting. Many middle-aged people find it difficult to read under the lights provided by most hotels. But the two small spotlights above the headboard of the bed really help you to read with ease,Thirdly, my room (which cost me 拢160 sterling + 17.5% VAT) was full of engaging small touches which added to its lustre. There were two pieces of original artwork in the main bedroom and the bathroom respectively and both were quite striking. I also liked the small potted cactus plant which was growing in the bathroom and the vanity mirror with the illuminated surround, like an artefact you might expect to find as part of the plotline in an Agatha Christie murder mystery. Also, to make like easier for joggers, they've thoughtfully provided them with a small map which delineates the different jogging routes in the vicinity of the river Thames and St. James's Park. Fourthly, the room was on the sixth floor and it afforded me a great view of the rooftops of London. I've seen many views of London over the years. But this perspective brought back childhood memories of Peter Pan and the rooftop environment invented for him by J.M. Barrie in the opening stages of the eponymous book. It also reminded me of some of the scenes in Mary Poppins and I half expected a younger Julie Andrews to tap on the window of my sixth floor eyrie and drop in for breakfast with me at the Sofitel. So, in a nutshell, the top floor of this hotel has the capacity to turn seasoned guests back into children again, albeit in their imaginations.Finally, breakfast in the Brasserie Roux was very tasty, with the full range of English, Continental and Healthy eating options available in buffet style. The staff are great and they provide a very efficient service with unobtrusive elegance. Also the check-in staff have a certain charm of manner, which seems to spring from a genuine desire to help their customers (as opposed to the artificial bonhomie affected by the staff in some of the other major hotels). In a snapshot, the Sofitel takes care of you with a high degree of professionalism and empathy from the moment you enter its portals.This the second time I've stayed in a Sofitel. My stay in the Presidential Suite of the Sofitel in Washington is documented elsewhere (on the tripadvisor Washington pages). Although my room in the Sofitel, London was a bit more modest, I loved the place and I'm truly sold on the Sofitel way of doing things. Just wish that I had brought someone with me to share the experience !  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonAnorak
<Content>Did not dissapoint Husband and I decided on a last minute trip to London, usually get a child-free night down there two or three times a year. Always stay five star and always come home with a least one niggle about the hotel. Not this time, booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews on this site and we were not dissapointed. Booked online the Sofitel Excellence Package 拢250 plus vat for a delux room, bottle of champagne in the room and full breakfast. Location, service, staff, room, breakfast even champagne were excellent. Got to be the most comfortable beds in London - will definitely stay again - very soon I hope. Off to the Marriott County Hall with children next weekend, see how that compares!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NT_UK
<Content>Sofitel St James A stylish conversion of an old bank. with the knock on effect that the rooms vary a lot even within a category, avoid the rooms near service lifts or be woken at 6am, corner rooms are often larger, join the Sofitel privelege scheme and even on the first stay they will offer an upgrade if there is space.It has a great location, people who don't know London well can get their bearings by a short wander round this area which leads you to so many tourist attractions/theatres/restaurants within a 10 minute walk in almost any directonThe beds are excellent, hotel bar is expensive but all 5* London hotel bars are and it's normally a relaxed place for a nightcap or a pre theatre glass of Champagne, although it does offer a fine range of cigars so if that puts you off bewareOften available for around 拢150 and in my opinion probably the best hotel in it's price range, if I have 拢100 more to spend I stay at Covent Garden Hotel if not this for me is a great alternative.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>womblecity
<Content>Exceptional My Husband and I spent one night at the Sofitel St James, this was booked through Expedia, note that the cost would have been doubled if it had been booked through the hotel directly! I note the other review re problems with VAT charges, our booking made it clear that Taxes may or may not be included and when we checked in we were advised that VAT charges would be added to our room rate. We were in London for our 2nd wedding anniversary and were going to see Phantom of the Opera, I'm not kidding you, the hotel is less than 3 minutes walk to the theatre!! We were so glad that we decided to push the boat out and book a treat of a hotel. The Reception area is very classy - as is the rest of the hotel, we were gobsmacked, never stayed anywhere like it before. The decor of the hotel is calming and elegant, and even the stationary in the rooms and tea cups etc match the decor of the corridors! The Bathroom was awesome, sexy modern and luxurious! The Bed was the comfiest I've ever slept in and they even sell the room furnishings etc in a magazine in your room. The photos of the hotel are not misleading, what you see is what you get, our room was exactly like the photos on the website and those posted here. We had room only, as expected for a five star hotel the breakfast was very very expensive but it was high quality and the breakfast service was outstanding so was a nice treat. I would certainly recommend this hotel to all my family and friends if budget permitted, top quality hotel, staff were exceptionally friendly, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would love to return. Mr and Mrs J  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>nearywaldron
<Content>problems We were impressed by the other reviews on this site, so decided to book an overnight stay for a theatre trip. As others have commented, it is rather expensive, but we booked for a Friday night via Laterooms, for a total of 拢170 (~$300), which included VAT (a UK tax of 17.5%). We also asked for a room with a decent view when we booked, and told that the hotel would try to accommodate that.When we checked in however, the receptionist insisted that the rate did NOT include VAT. I checked with Laterooms, who confirmed that VAT was included. I rang reception again, and was told that I was incorrect, then asked if I could provide written proof! I insisted that the staff check their own records - reservations confirmed my story, but no apology was forthcoming. To compound the irritation, the room we had been allocated had a view of a wall so we had had to agree to extra payment for a better one. I spoke to the manager, who was pleasant and apologetic, and eventually agreed that the room upgrade would be complimentary. The hotel is in a great location, a short walk to Picadilly, Trafalgar Square and St James' Park. The room was perfectly nice, and the bed extremely comfortable.At checkout, however, the receptionist again repeatedly queried the charges, this time the complimentary upgrade, even though it was clearly documented on the bill that had come to our room that morning! I thought about speaking to the management again, but by then I couldn't wait to leave. As far as the reception staff are concerned it appears that the customer is always wrong.I stay in London regularly, both for business and pleasure, always in 4/5* hotels and have never had such an unpleasant experience. Needless to say, never again....  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>renbabe
<Content>Wonderful! Booked for me by my partner as a decadent birthday surprise..absolutely fabulous. Wonderful hotel in a great location. Fantastic room and all staff friendly and helpful.Breakfast in bed a must! Recommended!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dominic8
<Content>Loved the hotel and location...disappointed with the customer service. We stayed at Sofitel St James for one night (Saturday). The hotel was great and we were given complimentary drinks voucher on arrival, upgrade from standard double to deluxe double as well as a late check-out time. We booked the room online for 拢145 (+VAT) including breakfast for two. As previous reviewer mentioned, the location is excellent being easy walking distance to Trafalgar Square (with the National Gallery), Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden etc.However, we were not impressed with the receptionist's service when we was checking in. As he could not understand our query, he became abrupt and unhelpful. Furthermore, even though the breakfast menu was good, the service was not. No one offered us toast or how would we like our eggs etc. We waited for 10 mins until we requested these items (pancake, eggs, sausage, etc.) and had to waited further 15 mins for the food to arrive.Its a real shame that this was not the same level of service we expected compared to other Sofitel hotels that we have stayed in. OK, aside from the service, its a great hotel in central London and would consider staying here again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>aber-fan
<Content>Extremely comfortable, excellent location The stay was a birthday treat for my wife - I would not normally stay in this class of hotel! The on-line discount price of 拢120 (room only) was really good value, though the booking agent should have made it clearer that VAT of 17.5% was NOT included.For those not familiar with London - the location is excellent, being within easy walking distance of Trafalgar Square (with the National Gallery), Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden etc.The room was large (for a London hotel), quiet and very clean and comfortable - brilliant bed and bathroom. Staff were helpful and friendly; those who do not have English as a first language need to speak more slowly, though.The Roux brasserie, which forms part of the hotel, provided a very tasty meal at competitive prices. However, the service could have been better - we were served by a clearly under-trained girl, who could not even remember the one item we asked for to start (having to return to check whether we wanted still or sparking water), and later brought the wrong dishes to our table. We also observed her wandering around, looking lost, unsure where to take an order.This is a very minor grumble - the hotel is excellent, and I'm sure the brasserie staff can be trained. Don't eat your breakfast in the room downstairs, though, unless you consider 拢21 each to be reasonable - it is possible to order a la carte from room service, or take a short walk up the hill to a very decent cafe.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sdrawkcabekiM
<Content>Good hotel, good location We stayed here for 3 nights mid-week in August, 2006.The hotel's a good hotel for central London, the staff were friendly and courteous and the room was good although a bit small but then it's central London.My top tip would be to skip breakfast in the hotel and go out of the front door, turn left, walk 5 minutes to St James' Park and have breakfast in the Inn on the Park which does a breakfast better than any hotel these days and is about half the price plus you get to be in their nice building in the middle of the park.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travellotte
<Content>Excellent Choice! What a wonderful hotel to stay in while visiting London. It is excellently located (approximately a 10 pound taxi ride from Paddington station, handy if using the Heathrow Express) in the heart of London. Close to all the major city center attractions.The hotel itself is very well appointed and the deluxe rooms are just that. I stayed in room 527, very nice but it has no view at all. So if you want a view ask for it. The beds are to die for, no problem sleeping in them!The maid, room and turn down service is all very efficient. The front desk staff were pleasant and did not dawdle about check in and out. Also, I found the concierge to be very informative.Room service prices are typical for London, if you have a business expense account, knock yourself out; if you don't there is a Tesco Metro just a couple of blocks away. You can pick up anything you might like to eat or drink there and save a small fortune. Also, there are plenty of restaurants around, so no problems in finding a reasonably priced meal.All in all probably the best hotel stay I have ever had in London. I would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Obeeja
<Content>Excellent Hotel - be wary if using Valets to Park your Car ! Excellent service. Hotel is very clean and tidy and worthy of a 5 star status. Breakfast is amazing too. So all in all I would recommend it. Just be mindful when leaving your car to be parked by the Valets. I would recommend getting a copy of the form once your car has been checked and you have signed it. Basically we have noticed that one of our alloy wheels has been badly damaged and it certainly wasn't damaged before then (they're expensive alloy wheels and due to the type of wheels all four wheels have to be refurbished at the same time - costs in the region of 拢500.00!). The wheel has taken such a hit, that whoever was driving would certainly been aware. We are currently in discussions with the hotel, however, they haven't been very forthcoming when returning calls. It wouldn't stop me staying there, but, I would think twice about leaving my car with the Valets again !  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jacktors
<Content>A class act ! I recently stayed here with my girlfriend for a night out at the theatre and couldn't have been more impressed. The location is fantastic , slightly away from the hustle and bustle but near enough for a short stroll to the action . The room( deluxe ) was excellent , large and well furnished and the bathroom very spacious. We enjoyed the small touches like the wider range of channels on the tv , the lovely comfy bed and the evening turn down service which meant when we returned at night the room was tidy and the slippers and nightime drinks were out ! To add a touch of realism to the review though my only small complaint was the view (or lack of ) from our room but next time i will request one with a view but that aside it really couldn't be bettered.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rparkhk
<Content>Great Hotel .. Great Location We stayed one night on our way out of UK.. picked it based on Trip Advisor reviews. We found the hotel to be in excellent location and the hotel was terrific in all areas. The check in was very smooth and quick, room was clean and well stocked and the best, I felt, was the location. We were just off the theatre district .. just far enough way for it to be quiet, and close enough for the 5 minute walk to all the excitement.If I had to be picky and look for something negative .. just for credibility .. I would say that one should make sure that the breakfast is included in the booking .. at $40 it is pricey and I was not all that impressed .. the price for a premium congnac was the double of what I paid the previous night in Edinburgh.I think I will stay at this hotel in all my future trips to London.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AUSSIETRAVELADVISER
<Content>Best Hotel In London (But Not Cheap) A wonderful hotel. Great staff, excellent facilities, maginifIcent location. Only slightly marred by an airconditioner which would not keep the room cool.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gerald1969
<Content>Excellent Spent a single Saturday night at the Sofitel (cost 拢145 b+b) and was very impressed:Very quietVery cleanExcellent room seviceBeautiful interiorFriendly, professional staffThe dining room was temporarily closed and so may account for slight difficulties at breakfast.Mini-bar laughably pricey  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Billiebob
<Content>Great location, nice room and helpful staff We had a very nice experience at the Sofitel St. James. We booked the Dream Package which included a bottle of champage, 2 hours with a chauffeaur, a lunch or dinner from set menu (food was 5 stars) and english breakfast included which is easily a $80 value (per breakfast) and it can be room service too. The staff was very helpful. William, the concierge, gave us some great recommendations for dinner. The check in staff was very helpful and friendly. The location is awesome if you plan to go the theater. The location is also great for a walking tour of Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JC2
<Content>Modern, sleek, quiet I stayed at the Sofitel St. James for three nights in early August. The lobby is sleek, modern and calm -- a wonderful respite from the chaos of nearby Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. I loved the room because it was perfectly quiet and the beds are very, very comfortable. The bathroom is huge and modern with a separate tub and shower. The a/c works great, which is increasingly important in London as the summer temperatures are getting warmer.The staff was very professional; the bellmen were particularly helpful and available to carry bags and hail taxis. The location is excellent -- just two blocks from Picadilly, maybe four or so blocks to Trafalgar and just a couple to St. James Park. Despite their training, two taxi drivers were not familiar with the hotel, so it helps if you know the cross streets (Pall Mall and Regents).As with all upscale hotels, the extras are expensive. For breakfast I opted to run to the Boots (groceries downstairs) at Picadilly or the Pret a Manger on Haymarket for yogurt and fresh fruit instead of the 21 pound breakfast at the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkpebl
<Content>The Bed of Dreams I stayed here on the weekend of 29/30 July 2006 as a birthday treat from my partner. We managed to get a fairly good rate through a discount website, so we knocked about 拢100 off the cost of the room. However, this meant we had to pay for breakfast, which we did outside of the hotel.The welcome was fantastic - the staff were extremely polite and helpful - the hotel was air conditioned after a very warm 75 mile drive - and although 2 hours early, they let us book into our room with no problems. They sorted out our luggage and parked our car (which whilst cost us 拢40 for the car park for a 24 hour stay, we would have paid that anywhere and the stress of trying to find the parking was completely taken away from us).Our room was absolutely spotless - very very clean - the bathroom was immaculate and well stocked with toiletries, bathrobes, slippers etc. And as for the bed - pure heaven......best nights sleep I have had in months!This is a 5 star hotel in the centre of London, so it won't come cheap - but you get what you pay for. Try St James Bar in the hotel for a cocktail - it's very pleasant!All in all - 5 star all round! Perfecto!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anfieldrap
<Content>Just as good the second time around.... This is our second visit to the Sofitel St James this year. We loved it so much the last time, we decided to book it for another night's stay on our weekend trip to London.The staff were equally as professional and attentive, the quality still as noticeable. We had a smaller room this time, and if we were staying more than one night, we might have upgraded for the extra space, but it was more than ample for one night.I think the thing I love most about this hotel is that it is so close to the centre of town, being an easy walk from Picadilly Circus, Regent  Oxford Streets, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace....the list goes on, but it is in a relatively quiet spot on lower Regent Street, and it just makes it feel really intimate and peaceful.The bar is lovely, quiet, and relaxing, and the Rose tea room equally as peaceful. There aren't a lot of people coming and going like some of the larger hotels, and you constantly feel as though you are getting personal attention.If you were thinking of booking this hotel, I would highly recommend it. It beats anywhere else we have stayed in London hands down.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chloworm
<Content>Oh so romantic Wow! We stayed for one night at this luxurious hotel and were so impressed with the service, room and especially bathroom. There was a separate monsoon shower cubicle and a bath which were spotlessly clean and modern. My boyfriend proposed in our room and it was a perfect place to celebrate in! Very close to shops/restaurants and the staff could not have been more professional.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Hotel I have stayed at this hotel twice now.My partner took me there last year for my birthday and I loved it so much we went again this year.The hotel is in a brilliant location,close to tube stations and Oxford Street.Every where is within walking distance and the London eye is 10/15mins away.I stayed in a Superior room which was more expensive than the standard room but it is bigger and you get a massive shower.The only problem is the shower just doesnt get hot enough.We paid about 拢500 for 2 nights.One downside is that it costs 拢40 a day to park your car but thats London prices for you!!On the first night we had room service for dinner.It is expensive 拢20 for fish and chips but the food is brilliant and is brought to you within 30mins.Little extra's like a table brought in for you and flowers on the table are nice touches.The mini bar prices are very expensive so I would advise you to walk 2 mins up the street and there is a Tesco where you can get snacks.If dinner is too expensive there are millions of resturants within walking distance that are all at very good prices.The first morning as it was my birthday we had breakfast in our room.At 拢24 it is a silly amount of money but if you can afford it I would recommend it.You get way much more than what you can eat but it has to be the best breakfast Ive had.Worth 拢24,maybe not but excellent all the same.As it was my birthday my partner got the staff to make a cake and bring it into my room for me which was really nice of them.(At an extra charge,he wouldnt tell me how much!!)Spent an evening in the bar and again it is very pricey, 拢9.50 for a cocktail.Not really my kind of place as its more like a gentlemans bar and there were mostly business men there, but you can hear the piano being played from reception which is really nice and relaxing after a busy day's sight seeing.We had a leak in our room from the ceiling which we reported to reception and 10mins later the maintence man came and fixed it straight away.At 11.30pm I was feeling hungry and ordered food which was brought promptly to me 20mins and the quality of the food was still excellent.The hotel is on a busy street but you can hear no traffic from your room.The air conditioning in the room is the best I have ever experienced.Nice touches like weather charts,free water and free newspaper make the hotel special.On departure you can have a express check out if you are in a rush and we were given excellent directions on how to get back on the motorway.Overall this has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in.Yes it is over pricey but if you can afford it why not.I will definetly be going back and when ever I leave,Im always sad to go.The only downside for me,on a personal note is me and my partner are young.He's 21 and Im 19.At the hotel its mostly older ppl and sometimes it did feel like we were being looked down on as if they were thinking how can you afford this!! But a beautiful hotel,excellent attentive staff,definetly 5 star.Oh and how can I forget the beds are so comfy.You just sink into the bed.I want one!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tarmyjay
<Content>Up there with the best of them Stayed at this hotel last weekend with my wife and another couple. I can quite honestly say that the stay was faultless. The room was pretty average in size for a London hotel but beautifully decorated with all the ameneties you would expect in a five star hotel, plus an amazing bathroom. The hotel has two bars, we used the 'St James' bar which was very relaxing with large leather sofas and a real fireplace. The location is great, right next to leicester square, so there are plenty of bars and restaurants right on you doorstep. Breakfast in Brasserie Roux (the hotels restaurant) was wonderful, the best eggs benedict ever!! All in all this was a lovely weekend away in London and we will definately return to the Sofitel St. James as it far exceeds the quality of other five star hotels we have stayed at in London.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hershey31
<Content>Lives up to expectations This property certainly met my high expectations when I stayed there recently. Rooms and service levels were very high and the much talked about beds and duvets were a treat. Would recommend this for people wanting to stay in the St James area and who are comfortable paying the relatively high room rates. The rates though are reasonable given the market. The gym is small but the access the to gym next door compensates. I had to change rooms as my air conditioning was not working and that was accomplished without any issue at all.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joannetravel
<Content>Fabulous Hotel--great location I spent hours searching the net for a hotel at a good rate and I am fussy. Well, the Sofitel St. James was FABULOUS! The concierge was incredibly knowlegeable and helpfull. Hotel was full when we made a very early morning arrival, but front desk got us a room by 9:30 and checked us in early. Fellow who checked us in recognized us in the evening and asked how our rooom was. Room is not large, but very well appointed, lovely bathroom, lots of extras, water bottles nightly, slippers etc. Comfy bed, luxurious! Had dinner at the restaurant and the food was excellent and very reasonable, though it was a weekend and the dinner was a special rate, set menu. Not sure if it is also available during the week. But it was fabulous and would recommend going there on the weekend for the regional menu...French (24 pounds for appetizer, main, dessert, two glasses of wine, coffee... really a bargain)Also, the hotel has excellent rates for weekends, 120 pounds. Weekday rates are high though. Location is perfect, a few minutes walking to Trafalgar Square, St James palace and Piccadilly. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent鈥ry the afternoon tea! I have just returned from a two-night stay at the Sofitel St James London, which I picked after reading the reviews below, and I would have to mirror most of the comments on this page. It is a lovely Hotel right in the heart of London with attentive, professional staff and small but comfortable high-class rooms. It CAN be very expensive if you order room service or sample the lovely afternoon tea (hey鈥 was on holiday) but I felt that with so much choice just outside the door (the area is overflowing with great restaurants and bars) I never had to spend any more money in the HotelI got a very reasonable rate for the room at 160 pounds sterling and although I have stayed in cheaper Hotels in London which have had a more modern set-up (no Plasma TV or even a Pay-for-View) The Hotel was ideal for a quick getaway near everything you would want to see in London in two days and I will defiantly consider it again.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice, but very expensive I been staying at the Sofitel St James on a regular basis for business reason.The hotel has a perfect location, 2 minutes away from tube station. And hundreds of bars, restaurants, theatre at their doorsteps.The hotel has very nice rooms, do not be afraid of staying in front rooms, because they are very very well soundproof and you will definately not hear the street noise at all.Rooms are in pristine conditions, and they have the most comfortable bed in whole London.Luxurious bathroom (shower and bath separate) and good amenity. Turn down service every night.Staff are rather freindly and professional. Usualy very efficient with every request.But despite being a new hotel you will not find Plasma/LCD TV screen, neither on demand video, neither DVD player, and I had experienced a lot of problem with their Internet. No wireless either. Definately latest technology is not their priority.And if you wish to bring your kids, dont forget your playstation because you will not find one. But I guess this is more a business hotel than leisure (althought is perfect for leisure stay).But the most disapointed in all it's the prices for room service and minibar. Basicaly my company do pay all the charges. But recently our HQ run an audit on my expenses and found that my bills were on increase. We found out a few surprises like a bowl of cereal which was 拢4 is now 拢6 and still the same product nothing changed but an increase of 50% , breakfast went from 拢21 to 拢24....! Minibar they charge 拢3.90 for a can of Coke, celebration chocolate30gr at 拢7 ! If you want a drink /snacks there is a Tesco down the road offering the same for 1/3 of the price.nowadays breakfast is very pricey. Well if you have money to waste, go for room service, their service is very efficient / fast but at a very high cost.Anyway I will recommend Sofitel St james. This is hotel is a true jowel in heart of London go for it. But be careful of the extras (minibar)  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sammi-loves-shopping
<Content>Gorgeous Peaceful Hotel with a Great Restaurant! My Husband took me here as part of a theatre break as a birthday present in June 2005. Initially it looked like we were on course for disaster as the hotel claimed that they currently had no clean rooms available for the price we had paid and offered an upgrade but on our insistence that they made good our booking a room suddenly became free. I was so impressed with the hotel for the price that my husband paid on priceline. The bedrooms were a reasonable size (for London) and the bed was soooooooo comfortable.We had a pre theatre dinner deal in the restaurant before going to see our show. The food and the price were amasing and i have been ribbing my husband ever since to take me back.The only small detractor was the cost of drinks in the hotel bar but as everything else was so perfect we couldn't complain!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A luxurious quiet oasis in the heart of London Just returned from a 4-day vacation. The hotel lived up to the great reviews here. Large, very comfortable and very quiet room, polite and knowledgeable staff (friendly but not intrusive), spectacular location. (and the bathrooms were great - best water pressure in a hotel in many years.) If you are looking for a quiet, luxurious but efficient retreat, this is the place. (But, if you are looking for a bustling hotspot this is not it.) Also, like most things in London, quality does not come cheap. PS- only drawback is the very pricey breakfast - skip it, there are several excellent cafes on the same block with wonderful cappucinos at a fraction of the cost.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>my favourite in london I travel to London almost every week on business. I have tried many hotels in the area (eg. 41, cavendish) and think that the Sofitel is by far the best. Likes- Rooms are navigable, clean modern design and not overloaded (so it's easy to find all your stuff spread in the room on departure)- the most comfy beds of all hotels I've ever stayed in (only the Regent in Berlin is on par) - Terriffic showers - Great location - Very friendly staff (caveat: bar see below), but not to the extend that they are to intrusive. I like that little bit of anonymity: being treated friendly is fine. But feeling obliged to do small talk with the lady at reception is going too far (see 41). - Nice bar - Good food- Fast checkout- Professional conciergeDislikes- Expensive: you are very lucky these days if you get in below GBP210- If you get a voucher for a welcome drink, the bar men tend to be overly critical as to what you can get for that and what not. It's stupid. Especially given the room prices. If they disappoi nt customers there, they shouldn't give them vouchers in the first place. - Limited selection of TV channels- For those who care: no pay TV- Only low quality beer in the mini bar (I am picky, admitted). Same for whiskey.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CobberUpstateNY
<Content>Easily surpassed very high expectations Just returned to the States from a 10-night stay and from start to finish, everything was spectacular and easily superior to a recent weekend at the NYC Four Seasons. Have stayed at many London hotels, the Sofitel St. James' location was superb and close to everything that is London. Just a two-minute walk to Trafalgar Square, Nelson's Column, The National Gallery, and Piccadily Circus is at the top end of the Waterloo Place that joins onto Regent Street. The Mall that leads to Buckingham Palace is just one block away, and just a little further to Whitehall and Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament with Big Ben and Westminster bridge that crosses over to the south embankment and the London Eye (the big wheel!!) Highly recommend visitors try the Eye and one of the many cruise boats that board along Victoria Embankment near Big Ben.Back to the hotel, the quality of service and attention to detail from reception through housekeeping was magnificent and well deserving of their five-star status. Especially impressive were the very friendly and helpful consierge. The star for me was Danny as he is truly a stand-up chap and went above and beyond the call of duty even remembering my name face-to-face each time I stopped by.The deluxe room we stayed in was tastefully decorated and actually looked better than the brochure/on-line pictures. The king-size bed was truly the most comfortable I've ever experienced with four big pillows and a superb covered duvet - no annoying top sheets. The bathroom, too, was spectacular and, for me, the glass-enclosed rain shower just awesome. My wife though preferred the huge bathtub and very soft towels and robe. In the room, attention to detail and little touches that were consistent day-to-day were impressive. I especially liked the benefit of a cordless phone with a very-easy-to-use voice mail system. Plus, a favourite of mine was the in-room complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate and daily newspaper of choice. Even the hair dryer was top quality.Didn't use the somewhat pricey in-room fridge for supplies especially as a Tesco-Metro supermarket just two minutes walk up the road towards Piccadily Circus that is open late 'till 11 p.m. nightly plus has a vast wine/champagne selection too.Other highlights that often aren't elsewhere were not having to wait for anything including the fact the hotel has three individually decorated (and fast) elevators. The 24/7 gym was more than adequate - depending on the weather, there are excellent walking/running circuits right outside the hotel entrance. Would be nice, however, if the steam rooms remained open later than 9 p.m. Only suggestion is perhaps offer an alternative to the large (as in approx. 3'x5') canvas artwork that adorns the wall opposite the bed as the modern block-paint style not everyone's cup of tea and definitely not when waking up after a very very late night!Mentioning night life, the hotel is within easy walking distance of many theaters and Leicester Square (home to Rendevous the best ice cream/yogurt/cofeees that offers indoors and patio seating). The room window is massive and opens fully and features excellent window treatments plus double-glazing that makes the room soundproof at night. Would highly recommend Sofitel St. James for business and pleasure and couples looking for luxury and outstanding service that doesn't cut corners.Thank you for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SFO_94109
<Content>The perfect place near Piccadilly Square This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. The staff was warm and helpful. The room was impeccably clean - and a good size. The bathroom was fabulous - the shower was perfect. The linens, robes, and slippers were lush. The bed was so very comfy. Furnishings are updated, modern and clean. Absolutely no noise from other guest rooms - we stayed on the top floor. Windows are soundproofed.Great location near Picadilly Square and many restaurants and shops. But off the beaten path so very quiet street.We did not eat at the restaurant, but the menu looked enticing. And there's a very quaint tea room near the lobby. We didn't go there either but the guests that were having tea looked like they were having a nice relaxing time. There's also a bar on site that looked nice.I would definitely stay here again. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lovely location, but v expensive Great location, nice room with sofest bed I've ever slept on, but not exactly worth the money. If you can get it for a good price, I would recommend it, for list price maybe not.The harpist is the rose lounge is great whilst having a coffee and danish.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lisettemc
<Content>Gorgeous hotel!!! I have just returned from this hotel. I booked it for me and my mum for mothers day.I have to say that the staff were extremely professional and the rooms were gorgeous. Sometimes modern hotels can leave the rooms feeling a bit cold, but the rooms were funky and homely at the same time.It is true what other reviews say about the beds, its like sleeping on a cloud!Only warning i advise of is the price of the mini bar. Make sure you check before you pig out, as i was presented with a 拢20.00 bill for 2 cans of coke, a packet of pringles and a little pot of chocolate.On the whole the hotel was amazing and i would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LouAndrew
<Content>Comfiest Bed Ever!! We stayed in an Executive room. Lovely room/fabulous bathroom, both immaculate. Had a kingsize bed which must be THE most comfortable hotel bed we've ever slept in (imagine being completely engulfed in fluffy down, and you get the picture). Hotel is in a great location for entertainment - literally 2 mins walk from Piccadilly, 5 from Leicester Sq, 10 Covent Gdn. Didn't eat in the restaurant, so can't comment, but bar  snacks ok. Good breakfast in room, nice staff.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Sofitel We stayed at the Sofitel St James in London's Theatreland for a long weekend (birthday treat!), and nothing is too much trouble for the excellent staff of this 5* hotel. The room was lovely; bed so comfortable I wanted to take it home with me! We only had the breakfast, but everything anyone could possibly want was provided. Even specialist diets were catered for with Soya milk and health foods available, in addition to everything else for English, American or continental tastes. The breakfast service was fantastic over the weekend, although we noticed a difference on the Monday morning, with less staff, a different 'workaday' atmosphere and no constant refills of coffee or juice offered. Apart from this minor point, loved the hotel! Would definitely go back!! (Tip: We found it a lot cheaper to book through an agent rather than the hotel direct as prices are high)  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamandgary
<Content>Superb room in central London Loved it. Very comfortable, modern and clean with a friendly service. Room size much better than other rooms I had stayed in before in London. I was a lady travelling alone and I felt like I was being well looked after!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended If you are looking for a superb hotel in an amazing location in central London, then book the St James. My wife and I stayed there for one night - it was so good we considered barricading ourselves in the room so they couldn't get us out!Here's why the St James was great for us (in no particular order):* The bed. The most comfortable we have slept in anywhere. Not the largest (king size) but definitely the best.* The shower. Large overhead shower and great water pressure. Perrin  Rowe are the manufacturers - it was so good I'm going to find out where we can get one!* The room. Tasteful and expensive decor, with dark lacquered furniture. * The toiletries. My wife was very excited about these ;-)* The staff and service. It was my wife's birthday, and when we returned to the room before going out for food we found a delicious piece of chocolate cake with a 'happy birthday' made of icing and white chocolate waiting for us. A thoughtful touch that you rarely find in large hotels.* The breakfast. In the Brasserie Roux. We were late down, but they had everything available and fresh - delicious.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>d017030
<Content>Small room, many technical problems, very expensive Arrived 4pm - no room available. Got a free coffee in the bar. Got the roomkeys at 4.45 which didn't work. Went to the reception, got new key, didn't work either. 3rd try, didn't work. Reception opened the room for me. Went to the bathroom, sink was plugged. Took 2 hours to fix it. Blinds didn't work as well. The alarm started at 4 o'clock next morning. I don't have to say that I didn't set it..Positive: Design of the room and locationPrice/quality ratio is terrible  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mehith
<Content>This is how it should be done I have been staying at this hotel for at least a few days a month for the last couple of years. I have stayed for both business and pleasure. I love it and can't fault it, but want to give some points that might help others make their choice.The rooms and the staff are excellent. They are highly professional, friendly and unobtrusive. True, they are from all over the world, mainly France or North Africa, but so what? It's a French hotel and they are trying to keep that identity instead of becoming an identakit international hotel. Kudos.SOME POINTS THAT MAY BE OF INTEREST:- Nice for a female business traveller: In many hotels I feel like the exception and it is clear they mainly cater to business men. I don't feel that here, the atmosphere is lovely and little things like a big, powerful hairdryer make me feel less like I'm in a man's world!- The beds are out of this world; complete luxury. Light, warm, fluffy... a dream. Lots of pillows.- Most rooms are very quiet and peaceful; fans and AC can be turned off easily.- Decor throughout is very tasteful. - Housekeeping is excellent. There are always extra towels in the room and two fabulous robes. The evening turn-down service is lovely, with water, weather report card and slippers left. Free bottled water is a luxury these days!- Room-service is quick  friendly; - The bathrooms are fabulous;The showers are great; not all standard rooms have walk-in showers, but even those in the bath-tub are powerful. - The door-men are all just lovely and the reception staff are very professional.- In two years I have had no cause for complaint so, happily, I can't say how they handle those! This fact alone is a rarity as it is natural that things can go wrong from time to time.- This is even nicer than the Sofitel New York; the decor, rooms and staff.SLIGHTLY LESS THAN WONDERFUL:- There is no trouser-press and the iron does not get very hot.- Rooms at the very end of the corridor on the Piccadilly side of the hotel can be a little noisy as there seems to be an air-vent running up the wall at that point.- Piano is played on the 1st floor in the evenings so if your room is near there, the sound does penetrate.- Lighting is very subdued; I like this a lot but it might not be to everyone's liking.- The bar is ok, a bit small, nothing to get excited about but perfectly fine.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply fantastic Excellent hotel and very kind staff. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jonontherun
<Content>Chic style and location location       Rooftop view from room  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great central location with a wonderful room A London stay on a European business trip - with my wife accompanying me. Immediately upon arriving the front desk staff offered a free upgrade to our room. The room was exceptional - large for European standards; with lots of closet space and an incredible bathroom.Concierge staff were both friendly and professional, and went beyond expectation in reserving tables at London restaurants.The only negative, and a small one, was the somewhat aloof, or indifferent, service in the lobby lounge.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MaryLC
<Content>5-star hotel in 5-star location Reception: very pleasant, cheerful and friendly. Not overly well-informed: had not heard of a particularly well-known London department store. Arranged for concierge to ring up to my room with info but no call came.Price: reasonably good price obtainable by booking on line. 150 pounds sterling approx. for a room in a hotel of this ranking in central London is not bad. Room: was automatically upgraded which was nice. The superior room was surprisingly not that spacious although perfectly comfortable and clean. The bed was particularly relaxing. They also respected the requests made when booking, which was also nice. Had asked for a quiet room which meant the view was a brick wall, but not a problem, and room was very quiet. The bathroom was lovely, with a phone on the wall by the loo. Showerhead impressive, but bath taps designed in such a way that water was never that hot. Good range of courtesy items. I like a turn-down service as much as the next man but please, dear hoteliers, instead of putting a tea-towel thingy on the floor by the bed and turning on lights and music (which scared the life out of me), please also arrange for dirty cups and glasses to be removed and wastepaper bins to be emptied before evening. The minibar was well-stocked and also terrifying: touch anything and the computer system makes sure you have to pay for it. There is a button by the door which alerts cleaning staff as to when the room is free for cleaning: mine did not work and the girl knocked on my door at 8.15 a.m. Breakfast: can't comment here as did not have breakfast in hotel. At 23 pounds a head, it is not exactly cheap and there is a cafe over the road. Decor: decor is very subjective - I found the bar and foyer area to be predictable and not particularly distasteful, but the shocking pink sofas in the Rose Lounge were a bit hard to stomach. Location: couldn't be bettered - within walking of distance of Picadilly and virtually equidistant from the National Gallery and the Royal Academy. Would be happy to go back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LAPlatinum
<Content>Exquisite Elegance This hotel is prefection in every way. I stay here EVERY time I go to London (which is several times per year) and am never disappointed from the moment I step inside. The latest two stays this month were first with my grown daughter and then with my sweetheart. Everyone speaks impeccable English (as in my experience many employees are British!) and goes out of their way to meet your needs. Example: I wanted sold out theatre tickets for a couple of nights and yes, there was a premium charged for obtaining them, but the Concierge always finds me exactly what I need--and phenomenal seats, on top of it all. All of my theatre requests were dealt with prior to my arrival solely through email. Danny, my favorite concierge, always steers me to the most amazing restaurants. If you have not eaten true Indian cuisine, ask him for tips. You will be astounded. Truly unforgettable. Yes, the place is expensive. Yes, the drinks are outrageously priced. But everything is so, so delicious and gorgeous. The floral arrangements alone are to die for. I love the rooms with all of the amenities, from slippers to quality bath products. The hotel invariably upgrades my room and it is roomy and elegant. I cannot say enough about this show-stopper of a place that is just a stone's throw from all the action of Trafalger Square, Picadilly Circus, upscale Regent Street shopping, and the entire theatre district.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robspot
<Content>Beware Booking Online! I booked a Sofitel Excellence Package for our 5th wedding anniversary online. This package was supposed to include early check-in at 11am, late check-out at 4pm, champagne in the room and complimentary English breakfast in the room.We arrived at approximately 1pm and were told that our room wasn't ready. When I pointed out that it should have been ready since 11am the receptionist had to seek help from a colleague. Some twenty minutes later (after I had showed him how to take a swipe of my credit card!) we were given keys to a different room. The room itself was fantastic (deluxe I think), massive bed and luxurious bedding with a lovely bathroom. No champagne but I was told it would be put there in the afternoonWe then hurried down to the Brasserie where I had lunch reservations for 1.30pm (or so I thought). It turns out they had us down for 1pm and had given our table away, now I don't know who's fault this was but had I not taken twenty minutes checking in we may have made it in time. They asked us to wait in the bar (where I received the worst service I have ever come across) but after forty-five minutes we decided to go somewhere else.We got back about 5pm and still no champagne so I called reception and it arrived 1 hour later. Went to the Opera and came back to have room service. The food was delicious, some may think it's a bit pricey (拢15 for a club sandwich) but it's the best I have had. Breakfast in the room was a lovely treat and the food was pretty good but we didn't appreciate being interrupted by the maid who'd come to service the room - they just seem to let themselves in.Went out ice skating at Tower of London and returned about 2pm and we couldn't get into our room. Another trip to reception got us back in. Finally checked out about 3pm and they tried to charge us for breakfast but they took it off. I don't know if it would have been any different booking direct but they managed to foul up every single aspect of the Sofitel Excellence Package which turned what should have been a lovely experience into a bit of a sour one (especially at the price of 拢250 +VAT).The hotel itself is first class but the organisation (particularly reception) needs some work and so do some of the staff. We may stay again but certainly won't pay 拢293.75 for it.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!! I stayed here recently and was incredibly impressed. As soon as you enter the hotel you get the feeling it is going to be special. What really stands out is the Sofitel style - the building is an old bank in a fabulous location near Trafalgar Square and Picadilly circus - but its so modern and trendy inside. Our room was a standard, classic room (although there was nothing standard about it!) and was so decked out in black furniture, chrome fittings and white walls. It's so refreshing for a hotel in central London to be so modern in style and it really works. Bathrobes, CD player etc.. the room had it all, even a door bell which when switch to do not disturb glowed red and didn't allow anyone to ring it! The bed was wonderful with incredibly soft and luxurious pillows. It may seem strange to comment on these things but these are the things that really set one hotel apart from another. The room was in short immaculate!! Dining at the Roux Brasserie was great especially on a Sunday when for 拢24 you get 3 courses and 2 glasses of great french wine, wow! The location is excellent, you can walk to Buckingham palace, Trafalgar square, Piccadilly, Soho, theatres etc.. in a few minutes (even in chilly November) and I got all this for 拢120/night from sofitel.com, a last minute hot deal, watch the site for others). What a bargin! I've not stayed in other London 5* hotels so don't know how the others compare - although I do know you can pay a lot for a tatty worn-out place with tiny rooms. I had high expectations after reading the previous reviews on tripadvisor and I was not dissappointed one bit. The room was a good size, staff were friendly and I can't think of any complaints. Highly recommended  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NICKMLondon_UK
<Content>Wonderful hotel. All facilities, Good price. Great location. Friendly too! From the walk through the lobby, it was clear that this hotel was going to impress. They upgraded us to a deluxe room at check-in and the quality never failed to show during our whole stay.Everything you would expect from a top hotel - dual bathrobes, slippers, in-room iron + kettle etc. Lovely soaps and toiletries. Modern funky design details and the whole place feels brand new (LCD TV etc).A late check-out was no problem, which gave us more time to enjoy the experience. And the rate was very reasonable too, although the breakfast is pricey, so make sure it is included in your deal....  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anotherbusybee
<Content>Little Gem but Little minded managers Well, what can I say, this could be a little gem, but the staff or should I management really do set new standards, NEGATIVE ONES. The product us just stunning, beds are out of this world and the cleanliness (round of applause for the housekeeper) is just great. You do expect to have mutli-national staff these days but I'm not kidding when I say the entire place is french, they are all french... its quite scary, they speak it everywhere, even the hotel literature is in it first then followed by english. Had a few problems with service during my recent weekend visit, requested to see the duty manager, who i later found out to be the Sales  Marketing Director. She was just awful. No interest in my needs or what I had to say, just made excuses and constantly shrugged her shoulders. Constantly tutuing and typical french pphhheeeuu. What I am trying to say is if you have a problem, you probably wont get it sorted by the management at present, They are VERY arrogant, they know they have a great product but charge a fortune for it without the service ethics. The dress of the manager too was just shabby, is this the service you expect at a potentially number one 4star hotel of London? Anyway, so its obvious the accor management need to take the current management team and put them through a major washing machine and wake-up call, but the product is great, food average, service ok but needs serious management. Shame really  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>deuspronobis
<Content>Great Service, Great Location, Great Hotel We stayed at the Sofitel St. James from Nov. 16 - 20 and had a great stay. The price for the room varied considerably over the weekend (45 pounds/night less on the weekend) so overall the cost of our five days was on the low end for a 5-star hotel, which was a pleasant surprise. But this is a very nice hotel. It was opened in 2002 so it's relatively new. Almost the entire staff is French but they speak very good english. The staff is very professional and polite. The concierge was extremely helpful to us and will do virtually anything to assist with your needs. (We had a fragile oversized item that we couldn't carry back or check through and the Concierge took care of packing and shipping it back for us after we left.) The room was a nice size. We had a Deluxe King and had plenty of room. Very tastefully decorated, very quiet, very nice bath with large soaking tub and separate walk in shower (with killer water pressure). The only downer was the fact that the high speed internet wasn't free or even WiFi. You needed a cable and 15 British Pounds for 24 hrs. of service. The hotel has three elevators so there was virtually no wait getting between floors. The Tea Room was very nice and would rival any of the top end providers of afternoon tea at a very reasonable price (and the live harp music from a Royal Academy harpist made tea time even more enjoyable.) If you're into theatre, you couldn't ask for a better location. A walk of 5 minutes puts you right at the center of Picadilly Circus. There are 6 theatres within a 15 minute walk of the hotel (and if you go on a weekend evening, walking will get you home much faster than a cab, if you can hail one, or a bus. We've never seen such traffic or crowds of people and this was in November!) Fortnum and Mason is roughly a 15 minute walk away and fashionable Jermyn St. is 10 minutes. Trafalgar Square is almost on the doorstep. The only thing that isn't really convenient are top end restaurants but in our opinion, the hotel had that covered internally. We found the hotel restaurant, Albert Roux's Brasserie Roux, to be very good the two nights we ate dinner there. While some food critics might berate this or that, we had excellent food on both occaisions. And from what we found in other places in London, the price couldn't be beat for what was provided. They offer a two or three course meal. You have several selctions to choose from for each course. We opted for the three course meal both times. The meal includes two glasses of wine for 24 pound, 50 pence. That may sound like a lot to some, but in London where fish and chips at a sit down restaurant can run you 10 - 12 pounds by itself, it was a bargain. (There is a Tesco Express Grocery store about 5 minutes walk up the street if you need food items or other personal essentials and there is a small cafe almost across from the hotel if you want an inexpensive breakfast.) We'd go back to this hotel in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emma580
<Content>Gorgeous hotel in the lap of luxury in amazing location!! Valet parking here is a special treat, but takes all the hassle away and is not too expensive. Bar and public areas are sophisticated, smart, with a great ambiance and quiet buzzy amtosphere. Beds are the most comfortable I have ever stayed in. Rooms are beautifully decorated and cosy. Free prunes (?) in your room, fresh flowers and a handwritten note on the weather for the next day. Upgraded to a superior room as my partners birthday. Staff were beyond excellent. Bathroom has a tropical rain shower and lovely dark wood furniture. Location is second to none - quiet yet 2 mins from Piccadilly and the Mall. Great bar opposite called W'Sens - amazing cocktails and really cool furnishings. Paid 拢140 + VAT - not cheap but you pay for what you get. This was excl. breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>danielrawson
<Content>The best breakfast.....and the worst breakfast Just as good as all the reviews said. Excellent staff and lovely rooms. It was worth every penny to sleep in the bed which was the most comfortable ever. Even better than the Starwood Heavenly Bed. If only i good have packed it in my suitcase!!!Breakfast on the first day was awesome. Fresh and even organic with first class service. Can't think of many better in a hotel. Second day was opposite. Think everyone must have come for breakfast at the same time and they just couldn't cope. Ended up with money off the bill but it certainly wouldn't stop me coming back again and again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Stayed here for a special occasasion on Friday 11th and absolutely loved it. Staff were helpful and friendly, nothing was a problem.The rooms were stunning  comfortable and the location second to none.Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oexpert
<Content>upgraded! arrived about4 pm and room not ready. didnt complain but because i was a single parent with child ? they took pity and upgraded me to a suite!! It was fantastic... the ralph richardson suite ... ITS SO CHOICE  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VLAXKAMEX
<Content>Fantastic Location Good size rooms In London you do not get much for what you pay for. A recent stay I was pleasantly surprised with the Sofitel. Fantastic location reasonable rooms size (for London) and the rooms did not have grand ma's bed spread! I would stay again!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itzard
<Content>Best in London Simply the best in London. Rooms aren't very big, but very quiet and very comfortable. Very nice design too. Even though it may lack the grandure of some of the London super deluxe hotels like the Ritz or the Dorchester, it really is a lot better at halve the price. And very important, all rooms are good. No crappy single rooms in basements or near noisy airconditionning units. Very nice service and the best location imaginable. Quiet corner just behind Trafalgar Square. Not very cheap for a sofitel but worth every penny (pence).  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>J_and_A_1
<Content>As good as everyone says I have to agree with all the positive reviews of this hotel. We arrived early and were offered tea in the beautiful Rose room while our room was being prepared. The room was very nice, classic Sofitel in design. We booked a junior suite which is a large room, not two. The bathroom was spacious and very nice although the rain shower was a little much. There was no traditional closet, instead two armoires that looked nice and worked well. Our room overlooked Waterloo Place and was very bright. Many of the rooms in this hotel overlook small dark courtyards. The doors to the rooms were very quiet - Philly Sofitel take note - as were the rooms, no noise from the street. The buffet breakfast was delicious. The gym was nice but very small. The staff was very friendly and the location great.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel St. James a Gem! I stayed for 2 nights at the Sofitel St. James Hotel in central London and absolutely loved it! This is without a doubt the finest hotel I have ever stayed in. Everything was state-of-the art and modern. My room was large and very comfortable. The TV was very new, widescreen and digital so the picture was fantastic. The hotel was immaculate, the staff highly professional, and the ameneties were numerous. The hotel provided slippers and bathrobes, and Evian water every night at turndown. The big king bed was so comfortable and warm you don't want to get up, even though you have a hundred things to see in London, half of them within walking distance from the hotel. The theaters and cinemas of Leicester square/picadilly are only 4 blocks away, and the National Gallery is within view down the street from the front of the Hotel. This was a fantastic hotel, and I wished I could stay for many more days living like a king!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DPBird
<Content>Sofitel near Piccadilly Circus Though I reserved my room through a discount travel site, the front desk personnel were extremely welcoming and professional and treated me as though I had paid full price.Excellent location, within easy walking distance of Piccadilly Circus.Concierge was very professional and competent.Bed had super plush feather bed.Bathroom had heated mirror to prevent fogging after shower use. Tub/shower had a shower wand as well as an overhead rainfall shower head.Room was not large but that is typical for London.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel  Just returned from a long weekend stay in London. It was our first time in London, and we found the hotel to be very centrally located to almost everything we wanted to see. Hotel staff and service were excellent. Concierge made excellent dinner suggestions. Try Foliage and The Square for top dining. Our suite was roomy and very well appointed. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night on Saturday 27th August while on a theatre break.The hotel is in a fantsatic location for shopping and theatre - we walked everywhere and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It's also within a 2 minute walk of Piccadilly tube station.Staff were very polite, friendly and looked happy to serve you.Room was lovely - a little small, but that's what we paid for. We got an excellent rate of 拢120 per room per night which for a Saturday night in this class of hotel in London was very good.All round standards were very high and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in a nice hotel in London. We will be staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Recommend I recently stayed at Sofitel St. James for a month, and it was a very pleasant experience: excellent beds, nice bathroom and shower (do try NOT to touch the HEATED towel warmer unless equipped with very thick skin), lovely service, prompt room service, and as everyone has mentioned: excellent location.On the other hand, the view is a bit lacking in some rooms, gym very small, water drains slowly in the bathroom sink, hairdryer not in bathroom (but that seems to be the case in some of the other UK hotels I鈥檝e stayed).Overall, a lovely place, will recommend.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sdn123
<Content>Great Location, Good Value for London This hotel is beautiful from the lobby to the very well appointed rooms and glorious bathrooms. It is usually pretty well priced for a hotel of this calibur. The best part of the hotel is it's location. It is just a couple of blocks to Picadilly Circus or Trafalgar Square. Great base for a trip to London.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>texasnice
<Content>Great Staff, Wonderful Rooms, Great Location This hotel is a must stay in London. The staff could not be more helpful and friendly. The rooms are large for anywhere. The beds are soooo comfortable. When I go to London this is where I will stay.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>topsmed
<Content>Very good Sofitel I was pleasantly surprised by the high standards of this hotel, much better than I have seen previously at a Sofitel.Location is very good, on a quiet spot close to all the major sights. Service is kind (but could be more attentive in the dining room). Breakfast is a very good buffet, although, as usual in England, I missed good-quality bread.Here are some features I liked less about this hotel: overly renovated interior, strange design in the room (entrance hall too large for the size of the room, shower but no bath in the bathroom of a deluxe room, no hook in the bathroom to hang the robes, bed too close to the window, part of the view of Waterloo Place obstructed by the design of the window), small fitness room, corporate atmosphere.For the centre of London, and given the price and the overall performance, this hotel deserves a high rating. There are better, classier and more elegant hotels in central London (Dorchester, Claridge's, etc.), but they are also in a different price category.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>veebrad
<Content>Great London hotel! Loved this Hotel! So convenient to many great sightseeing places, 100 yards from tube station. Big comfortable room, big sooooooo comfy bed! great reception and concierge. Across the street is the London visitor office, and a great little cafe where you can get a cooked breakfst for 5 pounds - thus avoiding the 20-pound hotel breakfast. This is where I will stay next London visit!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Manhattanislander
<Content>Excellent, in spite of the blackout My mother and I stayed for four nights in June 2005. We loved this hotel for its location, service, and comfort, which were all outstanding. The bathrooms are lovely, the beds luxurious, and the service highly attentive. The only thing I would change would be to give more closet/drawer space for wardrobe. The bathrooms are quite nice. The hotel's public rooms are handsome and comfortable. The restaurant service could be a bit more organized, but then we had dinner in the Cafe Roux restaurant the evening after a blackout. What does a hotel do when its generator breaks down and there is no electricity, running water or phone service? That's what happened to us one night during our stay. Well, it began at 1:00 in the afternoon, and ended the next morning. The staff at this hotel did the best job they could under the circumstances. They had us move to the Soho House (and paid the cab fare) for one night. It was actually quite an adventure, as Soho House gave us a suite. Sofitel St. James paid for the difference in cost. We returned to Sofitel the next day, as they tried very hard to make this necessary trip as pleasant as possible. (We got free drinks, some free breakfast items, and numerous apologies for a problem they could not have helped really.) We dined in the restaurant the evening after the blackout, and I attribute the slight slackening in service to the fact that some of the staff had only had about three hours of sleep. I would definitely return to Sofitel. The location (near so many attractions yet so quiet) made it easy for my first visit to London. I slept better at this hotel than I have in years. I thought it was a very god value, given the dollar's weakness. Note, join the Sofitel's frequent stay program before you book your reservation. It gets you some extra perks.Cheers!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LMCTraveler
<Content>Elegant, Centrally Located Hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our recent stay at the Sofitel St. James. It was a bit pricey (拢300+) but that was the best price at the time. The price is generally much lower, but there were three of us sharing a deluxe room. There were many PROS and just a few CONS described below:PROS:1. Unbeatable location: it is within minutes of tube stations, and the hotel is near many attractions (i.e. National Gallery, Trafalgar Sq., Piccadilly Circle). For those who want to watch Phantom of the Opera, the theatre is literally behind the hotel. In fact, the hotel is located in the theatre district.2. Super comfortable beds with pillow top-like mattress.3. Extremely clean room with spacious bathroom, reflecting a relatively new, modern and well-kept hotel.4. Attentive staff (requests were fulfilled within minutes).5. Spacious deluxe room, even with an extra second bed in the room.6. Quiet location.7. Nice amenities, such as slippers and free small bottles of Evian water.CONS:1. Tub drains too slowly.2. Hairdryer is in a drawer underneath TV table instead of in the bathroom so there was no mirror (this appears to be the case in many London hotels).3. View of an office bldg and hotel generator of some sort, even though the hotel clerk indicated there would be a garden view. It was not really an issue since we were out sightseeing for most of the time.Overall, we thought it was fantastic hotel that is very clean and modern. I didn't give it a 5-star, as this rating, in my opinion, is reserved for superior resort hotels and true 5-star hotels with truly excellent service and amenities to match (i.e. Four Seasons).  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent We were in the Sofitel St. James hotel from the 12 th till the 15 th of may2005.We had a excellent stay and the hotel was one of the nicest I've ever stayed.Excellent location near Piccadilly. Very friendly staff. Because of my birthday I was upgraded to a deluxe room. We had very good breakfast and dinner and we were sleeping in excellent beds.The room was very quiet.Looking forwards to a next stay.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Stayed for one night for a very good rate as I booked online with Sofitel. Could not fault the hotel at all in any way. Rooms are spacious, gorgeous and have everything you need. Staff were excellent. Looked after our bags for the day when we checked out. Within working distance of Oxford Street, Covent Garden, most theatres. We didnt need the tube. Will be returning asap. One more thing the beds are so comfortable you wont want to get up in the morning!!  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RollingStone2
<Content>Best Valued 5-Star Hotel This was a very comfortable and quiet hotel. You could hear very little or no street noise inside the room which I've found to be unusual for any London hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I only eat breakfast at the hotel (which was good) but the restaurant had a decent menu. Price was reasonable at 拢120 excluding breakfast on a Sunday.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Will definitely return I will definitely return to this hotel, excellent location not two minutes from piccadilly circus and less than ten minutes to oxford st, we were able to walk everywhere and didnt need taxis or tube. the hotel itself is a 5 star, large classy rooms, lovely bathroom with extra strong shower, bathrobes, slippers, everything you might need. we had no trouble organising a late check out, extra hangers, nothing was a problem. when you come back at night they have cleaned the room a second time, emptied all the bins etc, turned down the bedsheets and left out slippers and a bottle of evian for each guest, very nice touch! newspapers are delivered to the room each morning.we booked online and got a classic room for stg 拢130 per night, i thought this was excellant considering i had stayed in more expensive london hotels which turned out to be horribly substandard (Grange Holborn, Jurys Kensington.) This was fantastic value for money and I will definitely return.The only negative I would mention is that the breakfast is extremely expensive at stg 拢23. We chose to eat out instead so I cant actually say whether it would have been worth it or not!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LBF123
<Content>Great Hotel! We spent 3 nights here last week, and had selected the hotel based on earlier comments in the forum. It's an absolutely fantastic property! Great location, the room was quite posh for the money - excellent bedding, and nice amenities throughout. Just a couple of blocks from Picadilly Circus with tube links to everywhere. I'd highly recommend this hotel - I was unsure if the room would be large enough by our usual US standards - it's absolutely big enough for a couple in a regular room! Very large bathroom with excellent fixtures and a great soaking bathtub and good toiletries! Have travelled extensively, and this hotel absolutely exceeded my expectations. It's one of those hotels that is nice, a touch of luxury, but not pretentious. That to me is a hard balance to have a hotel maintain - yet this hotel definitely does it well! Highly recommend this hotel if you're planning a vacation to London.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, Centrally Located Hotel We stayed at the Sofitel St. James for one week near Easter. The hotel was excellent. Clean, comfortable, great service, great plumbing (in comparison to other London hotels), reasonable price for the accomodations, and otherwise First Class. Would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bondosan006
<Content>Wonderful location and hotel Stayed 2 nights over a weekend in March 2005. Paid 140 Euros excl VAT. Nice room - small-ish, but not so that you feel uncomfortable and cramped. Par for the course in London.The room was quiet, beautifully decorated (especially the bathroom). The bistro style restaurant downstairs had a nice theatre dinner menu that was good value as well as being plain good. The location is excellent too - especially for the West End. And if you're travelling light, Piccadilly Circus tube station is literally 3 minutes walk away. I plan to stay there again on my next trip to London.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TMM
<Content>Nice touches at the Sofitel I was so pleased with my stay at the Sofitel in NYC last month I decided to give the Sofitel St. James in London a go. We live an hour outside London and stayed at the Sofitel St. James from 3/11/05 - 3/13/05 for a getaway weekend. The hotel is superb and I have to say, I am beginning to like the chain as much as I like the Four Seasons group. Not meaning that it is 5-star, but definitely worth the price we paid which was 拢125 per night.The small, but beautiful lobby is very inviting. The floral arrangements are so pretty. There is also an apple basket. My little one helped himself to an apple every time we went through the lobby. Upon check-in we were given our free drink card and our son was given a lovely Double-Decker bus metal toy which he carried every where we went. This gesture is a sure sign that children are welcome.As for our room, we had #116. Our room did not have a great view as it faced some sort of atrium roof. The room was a good enough size and we did not feel cramped with the cot for our son. Another nice touch was the dried figs and large glass bottle of Evian. The maid also bought two more bottles for the turn down service each night. The bed was heavenly and it was amazingly quiet at night. The desk and drawer space was ample. I preferred the decor of the bathroom in London to the Sofitel in NYC. My husband appreciated the heated towel rack. Just little touches that all add up.As for the food, it was pricey (we had room service). The service was excellent, but while my husband and son enjoyed their meals I only thought mine was okay. Being an American I am always quick to order pancakes when I see them on a menu in Europe. 9 out of 10 times they are not buttermilk pancakes, thus leading to disappointment. Otherwise, the coffee and bread basket are excellent choices.The bar is a bit small and cramped, but we enjoyed our free drinks. You can have either the cocktail of the day or a glass of champagne. We went with the cocktail of the day which were very good Cosmopolitans. Make sure you sign up for a Sofitel Privilege card before you go. Besides the free drinks, you also can have late checkout and how much you spend is converted to points. The points you accrue can add up quickly and we are already entitled to a 200 euro certificate. The Rose Tea room seemed very popular as it was always crowded.The hotel is in an excellent location. Walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, The Mall and many other sights.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TwinsAunt
<Content>High Standards Maintained - Worth Every Penny Second time staying at this luxury hotel (that in itself is a recommendation with all the choice in London) and it really does live up to the high rating in Tripadvisor. Just wish I could stay for longer. Pristine levels of cleanliness in all areas have been maintained since last time we stayed (just after opening nearly 2 years ago). The bedrooms are spacious with large comfortable beds - heading back to that mattress after a days' shopping, evening at theatre, etc is such a treat. You could have eaten your meals in the bathroom, it was so spotless with towels that felt like new. The staff are friendly and efficient and the public areas are classy - the floral arrangements particularly are beautiful. The hotel is popular with business travellers during the week but at weekends quieter with a number of continental visitors. Our breakfast was included in our room rate - was of a high standard. In my opinion it would still be worth it even if you had to pay the (agreed) extortionate standalone charge - that's hotels for you! The location of the hotel is perfect - it is c. 500 yards from both Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square yet reasonably quiet. I have stayed at a number of luxury hotels and Sofitel St. James more than compares with others - I can't recommend it enough. With the exception of a stay at the soon to be reopened, renovated Browns, I would be happy to stay at this hotel every time I come to London.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel, very honest staff I stayed here based on the tripadvisor views and it exceeded all of my expectations. When I checked in I was given a first floor street facing room which is expected would be noisy but it was NOT - quadruple glazed (4 panes in each window) and super quiet. I also mislaid my wallet one night in the business center while using the internet - it was returned to me early the next morning with all the cash (over 拢100) still in it - so very honest friendly staff. Great hotel and excellent value for money.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elznielsen28
<Content>Great Sleep I stayed here in January for eight nights. I booked this hotel because of what I read here on Trip Advisor. I am not sure if it is a five star luxury hotel but it is definitely a very pleasant establishment. It really is a great sleep, the best in all of my hotel experiences. The staff is very accommodating and helpful, especially the concierges. The location cannot be beat. It is near everything, St. James's Park, Tr. Square, Piccadilly, Covent Garden, but tucked away at the end of Regent Street around some other official buildings so it is quite civilized. If you are adverse to smoke I would not advise it as the bar specializes in all varieties of cigars which to my senses permeated the public areas of the hotel. That and some minor kinks because it is a newer hotel are my only criticisms. Otherwise, one can expect what you have read in these reviews. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Bed in London!!! A wonderful experience!!! Don't really want to say how great as I would love to keep it my little secret!! Staff amazing - front desk, concierge and restaurant. Wonderful bar - gentleman club style and the most beautiful pink Rose tearoom. Restaurant was lovely and the meal was great - really enjoyed my night!The Rooms - wow!! I was upgraded on both my stays and the sleep I got was amazing. The beds are named My Bed because they are sooooooo comfortable and I feel asleep straight away!!! Bathroom is gorgeous with massive bath and seperate power shower.The lobby is gorgeous also - showing some historical artefacts. The hotel was formerly a bank and it incorporates this. Location is amazing -can see Houses of Parliament from outside hotel. 150 yards to Piccadilly tube station, 5 minute to Traf Square and 10 minute walk to Covent Garden. I love this hotel and will always return when staying in London!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch I've stayed at the hotel on 5 or 6 separate occasions and the Sofitel St. James is a main reason I look forward going to London. The location is unbeatable, the rooms always in top shape and a staff that will do anything to make sure your trip is pleasant. It is admittedly an expensive stay (even if your company picks up the tab), but worth a splurge even if you stay just for a night or two. Finally, I highly recommend the breakfast at the Brasserie Roux (in fact I would go there even if you stay in another hotel) for the patisserie and french roast coffee.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little touches for Loyalty programme members I was reserved in this hotel by my office which is just down the street on Jermyn street. The hotel is very nicely located and has a good oldie feel inside. Though it looked so small in size as compared to any Indian 5 star hotel. The rooms were samll but good (I think London hotels are all small rooms type). If you are a loyalty card holder then u get a express checkin, a welcome drink voucher, free newspaper, free mineral water and even an orange! I liked the small touches like making my bed ready for sleeping in the evening with dim lights and slow music running. Breakfast is damn too expensive so I decided to eat out. Otherwise very nice hotel. I am already going back to it.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EB97756
<Content>Loved it, will stay again. The rooms are very comfortable. The staff is helpful. We felt welcome.I booked through the internet, and made a mistake on room size. The staff at the front desk fixed us up in a new room, and we checked in two hours early. They were nothing but nice about the whole thing.One of the best hotels where we have ever stayed.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sandiegotraveler
<Content>Great! Loved it! Perfect location! The bed was super nice, the hotel is beautiful and the staff is nice and accomidating. My husband and I would highly suggest you stay here if you are looking for a lovely place to stay in London.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Preview:My wife and I have couple of requirements for the hotels we stay in:1) clean 2) comfortable 3)space 4) locationWe stayed at St James Sofitel for 6 nights after 10 nights in Paris, and we loved it. Bed is ultracomfortable.Room was large with large all marble bathroom/great bed/night stends/writing desk, 2 armchairs and a coffee table (we got upgraded some i do not know how big or small regular rooms are)Hotel is very well decorated. Staff is helpfull (given that some are more than others but overall very helpful).Cigar bar and a separate tea room, both are excellent places to relax.Restaurant is ok - we had breakfast included, so we were their for the morning coffee and fruit salad - i thought that food was ok, service was good and convinience was great.Hotel is pricey, but i guess that goes for any similar hotel in London.Location is excellent. It's just behind the Trafalgar Sq. short walk to Mayfare and to Theatre district/Soho. We actually walked to Bac. Palace too and it was not a long walk (may be 20 minutes).Overall - great location (especially if you want to spend your evenings at theatres), very comfortable bed (probably the best we slept in, although we stayed at Westin's and Sheraton's and Hilton's before), price but excellent bar nicely separated from lobby, feeling of a solid hotel.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very comfortable I'd spent a long time trawling this site and others trying to decide on a hotel for a one night theatre trip to The Mousetrap* in December. After a very dissapointing hotel in Venice booked through Expedia, I didn't want to be let down again. Couldn't fault the location, although parking cost 拢40.00 for about 20 hours! To be fair to St.James, nothing to do with them and they still offer a Valet service. The Room was a Deluxe, 拢200 a night including their excellent but wildly overpriced breakfast - 拢22.00 a head. Needless to say, we ticked just about everybox available. 'More Black Pudding Darling?'Super comfortable bed, small-ish but clean and stylish bathroom with a nice deep tub and seperate shower with a large head. Roger and Gallet products were a nice touch, as were slippers.We had dinner in the Roux Braserrie, which was surprisingly good value. OK, it was the 'pre-Theatre menu' with a limited choice but at 拢20.00 (+ service charge) for three courses, half a bottle of wine and coffee, I was surprised. The bar, as always was expensive - 拢22.00 for two average drinks. And the Rose room with the Harp tinkling in the corner was all a bit pink and more pink. Fine maybe in a Jane Austin novel but somehow it looked a bit out of place.One tiny moment - on checkout they tried to charge me twice for breakfast which when seen on the bill was a bit of a shocker - 拢88.00 for two! But sorted promptly and without a fuss.All in all though, an excellent stay. Not the cheapest in town but a superbly quite room, attentive staff and a location that can't be faulted.*PS. The Milkman did it! PPS. There isn't a Milkman in it.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulPap
<Content>Fantastic, but not cheap! Well, yet another great Sofitel hotel. Gorgeous room, although a bit small, and a very comfy bed.Great bar, serving up wonderful cocktails. Being a Sofitel Privilege card holder, we got treated to a freebie champagne in the bar. Very nice.I'd live here, if I could afford it!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kgs
<Content>It's nice, however not a 5 star hotel yet We just returned from 4 nights at the St. James Sofitel and while the hotel is very pretty, it's needs some work. Here's our experience:--The rooms are very small. If 2 people want unpack and not live out of suitcases, advise getting the largest room you can afford. At the superior level, you need to ask for the larger superior rooms. Showers in bathrooms were a bit too small.--The hotel managment is generally good and wants to solve problems. We were moved into a junior suite (which is a larger room with 2 chairs/ottoman and closets in the entryway) because the phone system didn't work properly in our room.--In the junior suite, we had to call maintenance a couple of times because of burned out lights and blown fuses. The lights should be checked by housekeeping more regularly.--Staff: Ask for Angel at the concierge desk and Sally Ann at the front desk. They were great and helpful. The rest of the staff we encountered were only ok.--Needs a cab stand, particularly at busy hours. I don't think we'll return or recommend to friends.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SeattleWA
<Content>We loved the Sofitel St. James My twelve-year-old son and I stayed at the Sofitel for eight days and had a wonderful time. The beds are SO comfortable, the rooms are immaculate, the breakfast (especially the home-made pasteries) was the best I've ever eaten in a hotel.The staff was amazing and the little extras were wonderful. There is a big container with umbrellas by the front door and the staff will chase you down the block if they think it might rain and they feel you should take one for the day. The concierge called me at home in the states, twice, to update me on restaurant reservations.The afternoon tea was amazing. The only funny thing about it is that every bit of food in the hotel is made on sight and their French version of scones and crumpets was funny - although delicious.I could go on and on, but the best thing I can say is that after twenty years of visiting London I've found MY hotel and I'm never staying anywhere else. Worth the money  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Central London Hotel Fantastic. Lovely London hotel - great service, great location, great room and good price (for a 5* London hotel anyway!)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel and location My husband and I spent 8 nights here in early October and had a wonderful stay. As mentioned by others, the bed and bedding were fabulous! we usually take a night or two in a hotel to adjust to the bed, pillows, street or surrounding rooms noise but we slept like babies. The location couldn't be better--close to Piccadilly and Trafalgar--museums, theatres, shopping, the tube, pubs. But the hotel is so quiet. Housekeeping staff is nearly invisible and does a superb job--the button by the door inside the room to display do not disturb or make-up room on a light in the hall for the staff is a nice touch. Very nice bathroom and toiletries. The only thing we would change is a more comfortable chair to sit and read the paper. Expensive but worth it!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! Can't wait to go back. My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel in September and loved it! The room was big and the bed is the best i have ever slept in! The bathroom was stylish and roomy. Between the comfortable bed, the quiet room, and the blackout drapes, we slept in late every day. Great location, close to good food, pubs, shopping, and a tube station. The concierges were very helpful. The only odd thing would be charging for internet use in the business center. We will definitely be back. An excellent experience.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lizveall
<Content>Best night's sleep in London We stayed here for a treat and absolutely loved this hotel. The rooms were modern and stylish and had THE MOST COMFORTABLE BEDS we have ever slept in. In fact we took notes of the makes so we could try to buy the same pillows. The location is excellent, close enough to everything but quiet enough to sleep in. Breakfast in bed was a little pricey, but beautifully served and hot. Will be using this chain again for a weekend break in Brussels and so looking forward to it.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location and character Classy, comfortable hotel. Very good location near the National Gallery and Jermyn Street. OUr room was spacious, calm and quiet. Unlike another reviewer we had no problem with the draining of our water! Lovely bathroom in fact. Staff were very helpful and pleasant. Nice touches like the harpist entertaining in the Rose Room for afternoon tea and the pianist at cocktail hour.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joe2316
<Content>Good choice, really high class. Great location. Efficient check-in. Discreet but helpful staff. Room was a bit smaller that I expected, but very well furnished. The bed was HUGE and very comfortable. They are really quiet rooms. Surprisingly so given the busy location.The bathroom was de-luxe! The shower is the best I have used - and I have stayed at quite a few 5* places.The TV didn't work properly but that wasn't why we chose to go to London.Generally attention to detail was very good, housekeeping staff were prompt.The gym is small, but was empty so we used it exclusively. Breakfast was of a good quality but seriously overpriced. You are better off going to a nice cafe by the Thames instead.Overall, you will feel pampered and won't regret your choice. Five stars!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zussinek
<Content>Lovely hotel, Great location   showReview(2440786, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent and Expensive   showReview(2229539, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ewinniepooh
<Content>Just stay there!!   showReview(1836798, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sofitel St James is the best!   showReview(1733198, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic hotel,excellent staff at the sofitel st james london   showReview(1666501, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Choice for London.   showReview(1661645, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This EXCELLENT hotel deserves more recognition!   showReview(1555403, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CyndeeL
<Content>Top notch   showReview(1521970, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend for Business Travelers, but a few quirks to consider   showReview(1520399, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sofitel - Location and Service   showReview(919313, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lena_1984
<Content>Beim n盲chsten mal wieder!   showReview(23294359, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>銇熴兗銇°們銈?> 銇熴兗銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銇勩亜銈撱仩銇戙仼楂樸亜   showReview(23240866, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>wepwawep
<Content>Una estancia perfecta   showReview(23158580, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>attiliob
<Content>Excellent Hotel ..脿 condition de choisir une chambre Luxe   showReview(19985713, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>asurada
<Content>GREATEST LONDON   showReview(19695085, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Xt0f
<Content>Le top   showReview(19425389, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait.   showReview(19632911, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le top sinon le meilleur en plein Londres   showReview(19632909, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe situation, excellents services, tr猫s classe et sobre: une r茅f茅rence 脿 Londres!   showReview(19632908, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas de regret   showReview(19632907, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfait   showReview(19632906, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Attention : il suffit d'un m茅nage b芒cl茅   showReview(19632913, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zuvorkommend   showReview(19632912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gut   showReview(18527112, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dommage que la chambre soit si petite pour un ***** 茅toiles !   showReview(18527111, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal a tout point de vue   showReview(18527102, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(18527101, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(18527109, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in Superlage   showReview(18527100, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nicolas_from_Paris
<Content>Tr猫s bel 茅tablissement au service attentif en plein coeur de Londres       lobby  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel et excellent rapport qualite prix   showReview(17438406, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sans fausses notes !   showReview(17438405, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>week end en amoureux !   showReview(17438404, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>plunket
<Content>Merveilleux h么tel   showReview(16258080, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>narcho77
<Content>ideal pour un week end   showReview(14678341, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mag煤
<Content>Hotel muy bien situado, con una gran calidad de servicios   showReview(14670369, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rubymaxfrance
<Content>d茅cevant   showReview(12785640, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>chridave
<Content>Bien plac茅 mais tr猫s cher   showReview(12599809, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KEITH TRAVEL AGENT
<Content>Magnifique!!!   showReview(7488106, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Acacoco
<Content>Parfait   showReview(7372361, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eygale86
<Content>Le Must   showReview(7303620, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bilerica
<Content>La perfection   showReview(5629287, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superbe!!   showReview(4458977, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇牬鎵€銇潤銇嬨仾閮ㄥ眿銆佸揩閬┿儥銉冦儔銇у畨鐪?#x201d;   showReview(20348499, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

