<Author>garyLS
<Content>Good, but with a few annoyances This is a modern hotel with modern conveniences, but with a few annoying issues. Firstly we were reprimanded after the housekeeper discovered my tiny coffeemaker. The management didn鈥檛 want me using it in the room as it apparently threatened their electrical system. The way they informed us was by stopping our room key card from working so we would have to go to the desk to receive our reprimand before the key was reactivated. Now this was a modern hotel which presumably had adequate wiring to handle a 170W max device which I have used years throughout the world without a problem, even in hotels and homes with very old wiring. Speaking of the electrical system, our room was wired in reverse. This place, like many modern hotels require that the room key card be inserted for the power to stay on and automatically it turn off after a few minutes without the card inserted. Well our room鈥檚 electricity would turn off (not on) 3 minutes after the key card was inserted. Perhaps this reversal was caused by the last guy who used a 170 watt coffee maker in the room.They charged 10 Euros for one hour of internet and charged 15 Euros for our daughter joining us for an espresso and a biscotti for breakfast one day.Other than the annoyances, the hotel was decent, modern, and a reasonable value.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	3	2	

<Author>goodtimes722
<Content>Beautifull Hotel great service and oustanding value We stayed at the hotel in October 2008, for 7 nights.it is very nice and modern property, the room are tastefully decorated, elegant marbel bathrooms, Great breakfast tooincluded in the room price.We had the superior room with balcony it was great over lookingthe courtyard, and made us feel part of Florence charm.The staff was ostanding and courteous and they spoke english which made us feel very welcome, they had great recomendation for resturants in the area and shoppping.It is close to Florence city center, about 20 minutes walking the best way to see everything is Bus # 7 to the Dumo and the city center, also it end up in Fiesoli a beautifull town over looking Florence, get the 3 day bus pass it a better price.The hotel also sells the city tour bus which is great way to see all Florence and very resonably priced  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dewtrell
<Content>Nice Hotel But Far... I am just getting around to writing this review but my boyfriend and I stayed at San Gallo Palace for 3 days close to a year ago. We were very pleased with the hotel given the price and the quality of the hotel. The room was a nice size, probably closer to American standards - the bathroom was a nice size, the bed was hard but it's Europe. We were greeted warmly and offered complimentary drinks at the bar downstairs. The breakfast was nice, although it could be switched up a bit. However, we paid around $150 a night and it was a great deal.The reason why the hotel is cheaper than others is the location - if you're able bodied and don't mind walking 15-20 minutes to San Marco Square, than this hotel is for you. Often, after all the eating, the walk back to the hotel was welcomed and we walked all hours of the night and felt safe the entire time.If you're on a budget and want a nice hotel but willing to be out of the city center, San Gallo Palace is for you.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Denis-Cork
<Content>Easy to find by car and a good touring base We stayed at the San Gallo Palace primarily because of its location in Florence. If you intend touring by car in the Tuscany area the hotel is a great base as it is very easy to locate, particularly with a sat nav, and offers secure parking for 鈧?0/day. We originally selected a Triple Room but altered our booking to a Junior Suite for a slightly higher rate. The suite provided more than enough room for us and our 16 yr old daughter. We had a large bedroom, she had a comfortable sofa bed in the lounge which was as big as a normal hotel room. The bathroom was spacious and we also had use of a small balcony at the front of the hotel to enjoy the morning sunshine. The breakfast area is very pleasant particularly if you manage to obtain one of the outdoor tables. All of the front desk and breakfast staff are very helpful and friendly. Because of its location there is a slightly long but not unpleasant walk into the city centre. This brings you past some of the main museums including the one containing Michaelangelo's statue of David. Driving for the uninitiated in the centre of Florence is not to be recommended, parking is impossible to find, some of the streets are narrow and cluttered with parked mopeds, scooters etc. Taxis are very easliy arranged from the hotel reception and any of the restaurants. You will receive a ticket for a designated taxi that will arrive  take you to your destination a lot quicker than you might anticipate or like!!.We managed to see some of the main sights in Florence and in the surrounding areas. Siena, San Gimignano, Pisa, Lucca are all within driving distance. If we return to Florence we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>specrobinson
<Content>Very nice This hotel was very nice and appeared as the pictures indicate. Service was very good, rooms were clean and a decent size. The breakfast was sufficient.Hotel is a little further from the main tourist area, about a 15-20 minute walk. This has some advantages, mainly in that you are away from large groups of tourists and you get to experience a lot more of the real day to day Florence. Restaurants were mainly frequented by locals which guarantees authenticity. Overall, a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>atlmichelle4571
<Content>Beautiful, but far We went to Florence as part of our honeymoon that we booked through Gate1travel. They had two options for hotels and since this one had amazing reviews, I immediately picked it. The downside is, I failed to do my own research on location and was disappointed as to how far we had to walk to get anywhere. We were trying to save money on transportation and had wanted to walk everywhere, but that really wasn't possible with this hotel. I was a bit suprised, because other reviewers had said it was close to everything. They must walk ALOT, because the hotel was at least a 30 minute walk to and from the train station and at least 20 minutes everywhere else. The room itself was georgous. It looked exactly like the pictures I saw online and was very clean and comfortable. My husband and I even stayed in one evening (mostly due to the fact that everything closes quite early in Florence on a Monday) and rented a movie through their very nice tv system. The room also had a mini fridge and an updated bathroom. The mattress was very firm, but we discovered that they are in every Italian hotel, no matter how nice it is. The breakfast buffet was also adequate and filling.I would recommend this hotel to anyone that doesn't mind walking or has the money to pay for taxi's around the city.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rebstar2k
<Content>Excellent Hotel! My parents and I just got back from a fabulous trip to Florence, which was made even more enjoyable by the wonderful hospitality and kindness of the staff at the San Gallo Palace Hotel.The hotel is spotless. They serve a wonderful breakfast with everything you could possibly want and go out of their way to help you with anything you might need - from booking tours,directions to nearby landmarks and comfort in your room .My parents and I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travelin3InTow
<Content>Fabulous Hotel!!!! What a wonderful hotel in Florence! I highly recommend San Gallo Palace! We chose this location because we wanted to avoid the din and general busy feel of the city, and it was a great choice (especially after the hustle and noise of Rome)! We easily walked to town (with our children aged 5,8,10), but often chose to taxi back at a cost of approximately 9Euro. The hotel is a leisurely 10 minute walk from San Marcos Square, a nice place to stop mid-point between San Gallo and central.We were a party of 6, with 3 young children, two adults and our nanny. We stayed in the Family Suite with an adjacent double room and could not have been more pleased! This hotel is very well appointed, quiet and incredibly clean. There is a nice garden in front for the kids, and a couple of sitting areas on the lobby level.The beds were large and incredibly comfortable, with beautiful and warm bedding. Parking is inexpensive and conveniently located nearby at a cost of 10Euro per day (significantly less than others).Not overdone, the breakfast is perfect for the boutique size of this hotel, with a nice selection of very fresh food and superb coffee! The hotel staff makes San Gallo Palace even more special. We were absolutely delighted with our stay!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sammimarie
<Content>Loved it, although off the beaten path We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. Although it is about a 20 minute walk from the Duomo, we were not disappointed especially given how comfortable and clean the hotel was. After a long day of sight seeing, we were too tired to head back into town for dinner. The hotel staff recommended several wonderful restaurants within a block or two. These were some of the best meals of our trip, enjoyed with the locals!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>karenmat
<Content>Worth every penny (and that wasn't many!) Have just returned from a wonderfull 5 night stay at the san gallo palace. Everything about the hotel was lovely, the rooms are spacious and well appointed, reception and other staff were extremley helpfull. We rather cheekily requested a room upgrade due to my partners birthday and were amazed that the hotel accomodated our request! They gave us a beautifull room complete with furnished terrace overlooking the old city gates (room 101 if anyones interested!) The hotel is about a fifteen minute walk to the centre of florence however it is not uphill as some reviewers suggested. We did a day trip to Pisa on the train which was great although the town itself is not a patch on firenze! Would definatly stay at the san gallo palace again and hopefully will! the only complaint was breakfast - dont order the fried eggs, they cook them in butter!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rruparelia
<Content>Gem of Florence       Terrace for breakfast  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>harsha_p
<Content>Great Hotel An excellent hotel with friendly staff, spacious rooms and lovely breakfast.About 20 minute walk to the centre of florence. Bus no 1 from outside the hotel will take to the train station and also back again. only 1.20 euros. You can buy the tickets beforehand at any newspaper stand. Stayed there 3 nights and our stay was excellent, There is also a small bar where you can have drinks and snacks during your stay. Beware of the high cost of drinks at restaurants in florence and ask the cost before you order. We were paying 5 euros for a can of coke. Some also have a service charge included.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alison-Michael
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed in the San Gallo Palace Hotel in July for three nights. We were very impressed with this hotel.The hotel is located beside a busy road, but we did not find this a problem. We walked to and from the hotel at night and felt safe in doing so.The staff were friendly and welcoming. We were even given a coupon for a complementary drink at the bar-nice gesture. The waiting staff in the bar area were very pleasant.Our bedroom and bathroom were lovely-spacious, well presented and very clean. The breakfast room was very nice-we were able to sit outside whilst eating our breakfast. There was a great variety of foods to choose from.Florence is a very picturesque place. However, we felt that two nights stay would have been ample. There are plenty of nice restaurants to eat in and some great designer stores. There was street entertainment at night in the main square.We enjoyed our relaxing stay in Florence and would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flinky
<Content>Can't recommend it enough!! We can't say enough good things about the San Gallo. We stayed here as part of our tour around Italy, and couldn't have found a better place than this hotel in Florence.First and foremost, the staff were all unbelieveably friendly and welcoming, particularly Luca on the front desk who could not do enough for us, but every single staff member was exceptionally helpful. Don't believe the staff when they say they only speak 'a little' English. Even the guy cleaning the floors was near-fluent.The room was amazing - spacious and immaculate - with extremely efficient air conditioning.The worst thing about the hotel is the coffee in the morning. This is the pettiest thing I have ever said, but it is the only thing I can think to mention!The location is not in the heart of old Florence, but it's all the better for it as it is in amongst the greenery and space around the outside of the old town. It's set back from the main road, so it's lovely and quiet. Il Duomo was barely 15 minutes amble (with incorporated souvenir shopping) away from the hotel. The hotel doesn't do dinner, but there are a couple of restaurants within 30 seconds of the front door.Even though the hotel looks very unassuming (albeit immaculate) from the outside, it was the staff of the San Gallo who contributed to making our stay in Florence so wonderful.We'd be back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TRAVELINGDEE1217
<Content>Great Hotel       our room  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RichH6109
<Content>Wonderful hotel! My fianc茅e and I, with two other travellers, stayed at the San Gallo Palace Hotel in mid-April 2008 as part of our week-long Italian tour (which took in Pisa, Florence, Venice and Rome). We decided to spend three nights in Florence and selected the San Gallo Hotel as the best mix of location (central Florence) and price (approx 拢125 per night was our budget).The entire hotel was impressive and stylishly furnished, Our room was larger and more luxurious than we were expecting and the bathroom was very clean with all mod cons. Reception staff were also very helpful (as they were in all Italian hotels throughout our stay) and couldn't have done more in recommending sites to visit and restaurants/cafes to try. Breakfast was included in our stay and was more than adequate (although we heard that the limited evening meal menu in the hotel was less than exemplary)The only small downside to potential visitors is that the main tourist attractions are 15-20 minutes (pleasant) walk away so this may not be suitable for the elderly (taxis are expensive). Additionally, like many other Italian hotels, soundproofing isn't great so if you are a light sleeper take earplugs or hope that your neighbours are courteous!All in all, the hotel represents great value for money and I would have no problem recommending it to fellow travellers.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jadey20
<Content>An Amazing hotel in lovely florence I stayed at the hotel for 3 days in july. We arrived late as we missed are flight (thanks to london underground!). The staff were still awake and very helpful they spoke very good english for anyone who struggles with italian! We stayed in room 205/206 I can't remember it was the room right at the end of the corridor. The room was lovely, tidy, clean and spacious. The bathroom was marble and had a nice big bathtub and and shower. The room was so much more than i was expecting it had a tv, a minifridge, a little dressing room/wardbrobe area lots of nice soft lighting and Aa large table with a mirror and chair. There was also room serivce if you wanted it and breakfast in bed! The aircon worked very well the water was always hot and there was always clean towels. The breakfast wasn't to bad either they had a selection of breads, jams, fruit, yougurts, crossiants, and scramble eggs, sausages and bacon. The tea and coffee was lovely and bought to you fresh by staff when you sat down and they had a selection of fruit juices. The bar had a large selection of drinks and a friendly bar staff we drank there one night and I couldn't believe how much alcohol they gave us in each shot in comparison to at home! The hotel staff were helpful and printed of train and bus times for us, gave us leaflets about bike hire and drew on a little map how to find the supermarket! The hotel is around 15-20 minutes from the town centre so those who dont like walking I wouldn't suggest it! On the first day we walked the long way which took us 20 mintues, but by the same evening we found a much faster way I would suggest gettin a map from the hotel if you dont like walking down little side streets and exploring! The hotel is very easy to find and is actually well located, I was happy to get away from the noise of the centre at night, and we cycled back there for dinner in the evening which was lovely a night cycle through a beautiful city! Overall I loved the hotel great staff and an amazing room I would stay again and again. I would suggest this hotel for everyone I'm only 20 and stayed with my boyfriend and we had an amazing time, we saw older couples their and families this hotel is for everyone!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AletaSerbia
<Content>Great Hotel in great city       San Gallo Palace entrance  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Olive76
<Content>Was fairly impressed. We just got back from a 4 nights stay in florence. We booked a standard room as were pleasantly surprised.Room: size was as big as a normal superior room in other 4 stars hotel. at first, i was a little concerned when people commented that their rooms were quite small. i couldn't book a superior room with lastminute.com as part of the package. actually, we ended up with a corner room (probably accounted for its good size.)bed was quite firm but fairly comfortable. sound proofing was quite good as well. we had a terrace which was nice in the evening. shame that there were no coffee making facilities though. room looked better than the travellers' photos, they didn't look like the better ones on website photos obviously.Bathroom: the shower was great! the shower cubicle had these 4 mini shower heads on the side walls and they worked brilliantly as a massager! bathroom was small but well equipped.Breakfast: was ok, at least it has hot food, cappuccino was good!Location: as londoners, i have to say that we tend to march than walk. so we deliberately walked slowly, took a good 25 mins to walk to the Duomo. Had we walked any faster, i think maybe 15 mins to the center. we walked everywhere! we were impressed that we managed not to take the cab for once. the trick is definitely to walk slow. we alos noticed that the road seems quite affluent with nice appartments.By the way, as i recall, somewhere on the righthand side going towards the other end of the road (as hotel is on one end of the road), there is a right turn where there is a russian church with colourful domes which was quite a nice surprise! we also relaxed at the park which is at the end of the road in the evening which was quite pleasant.Tip: we had lots of ice cream and i recall that the one ice cream place opposite a leather bag and shoes shop) at the corner where the academia gallery queque is, the price was extortionate, 6 euros for this tiny little tub. we learned our lessons and found afterwards that the size we had for 6 euros would be about three euros everywherelse!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ReadyToGoBack10
<Content>Wonderful Stay Just got back from a 3 night stay at the San Gallo Palace. What a great hotel in a beautiful city!We arrived by train from Venice and took 2 cabs to the hotel(5 people and way too much luggage). A cab is a must if you have luggage. You can walk it but would not be fun with luggage. Our room was great and the A/C worked great. Bathroom is good sized and actually usable unlike others we stayed in. Front desk staff was very helpful and offered several great reccomendations for restaurants in the area. Highly reccomended hotel as long as you don't mind walking about 15 min to city center. Florence is such a great city it was a pleasure to walk everywhere.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>London-Zurich
<Content>Super place, not so great location Great hotel. The staff are all very cheerful and helpful. The building is stylishly furnished and well maintained. The superior room I had was of a standard which I would expect in a 5* chain so I was very pleased as we had secured a fairly good rate.The only downside is the location, which is a fair way from the centre. It never took more than 5 mins for reception to get us a cab but the trip costs about 10 Euros each way so this can add up. In summary, I would definitely stay here again, mainly due to the staff and quality of the rooms.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kathryn_and_Troy
<Content>Fabulous Florence hotel This was one of the best hotels we stayed in during our trip around Italy. Very comfotable room with all the mod-cons, comfy bed and pillows etc. We got a great rate so it was very good value for money. It's about a 15 minute walk to the city centre, same again the other direction t the train station, so ideally located.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BillnRoselle
<Content>Great Time in Florence       San Gallo Palace Hotel  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>midlandsmoggy
<Content>The breakfast lady only speaks three languages fluently :o)       San Gallo Palace Hotel, Florence  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Greve06
<Content>Feelin' HOT HOT HOT! This is a beautiful hotel. It is very clean in common areas, as well as the room. The room was very spacious for Europe standards; the bed soft and comfortable. The personnel were very kind and helpful. For our room - we walked in and to our left was a trouser press! To the right - was a wonderful, large bathroom - very ornate. There were speakers in there so you could hear the tv! The shower was huge and wonderful - lots of hot, steaming water. There was a bidet as well as a toilet, even a towel warming rack.The closet had lots of room and took up almost a full wall (on the opposite side of the bathroom in the room, next to the bed). There was a desk, mini bar/fridge and balcony with table and chairs. So the low down - we really enjoyed the hotel, breakfast, etc. However, the heaters were on bc it was cold, but it was SO hot inside the room. They lowered the temperature as much as they could, but it was still unbearably hot - so much that we had to leave the balcony doors open - and mosquitoes ate us alive (in December).Other thing to note is that the hotel is very far from all of Florence's action. Wasn't a big deal to us as we like walking, knew how to use buses and also took a lot of day trips out of the city. But it may be a bit far if you want to spend a lot of the time at the sites that are further away. It was about a 15 min walk to the 'action.' We would stay there again - it felt like you were being pampered a bit (again, esp by European stds.) but not paying for it. Next time though, we bring a fan so we don't swelter from heat! =)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chucklers
<Content>Honeymoon!!!!!! First of all, we shouldn't be writing this review 6 months after the event.....it's not fair.....!We got the bus from Pisa airport in to Florence and then grabbed a taxi to the hotel.Less than 10 euro - great value!The San Gallo is a beautiful hotel....however it is just too far out of the city to be comfortableThe rooms are super - great big bed, lovely bathroom and a small balcony to have a read or a drink before a night out.However....be warned.....we came back out of the city on the first 2 nights but couldn't manage it the next 2! It was too far!Super breakfasts every day...great service - could not be faulted!!What a city - so much to see!!!San Gallo - recommended, big style!! But only if you are prepared to walk in the dark!! Very busy roundabout at the hotel entrance as well.However - service could not be knocked at all during our stay.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VictoriaSommers
<Content>San Gallo Palace Hotel - an excellent stay for us       San Gallo the Landmark  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>anon19
<Content>good value hotel good value hotel, good location, excellent reception staff, nice rooms and bar  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>VintageSuitcase
<Content>A very welcome surprise       Complimentary drink at the bar  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Tudor4x4
<Content>fairly good hotel I agree with the previous report - the hotel is very much ok, the staff could be a little bit more helpful. We booked a standard double for three nights based mostly on reviews on TA. The room was quite small, but very clean - room and bathroom. We had the chance of having on of the only (i think, i'm not sure) rooms with a terrace. Unfortunately it rained for the most of our stay so we didn't take advantage of it. We had no noise problems whatsoever.The parking offered by the hotel (Parking Parterre) is at 5 min walk from the hotel and the price is 10euros/day, very convenient i would say. The staff gave us a very accurate map on how to get to the parking, but beware, the Liberty Place has a tricky traffic and we managed lose our way once.The hotel itself is approximately 15 min walk from the city center.The staff of the hotel was good on average, but with some minuses - we asked for some directions on a destination outside town, we were provided with a very abstract map that wasn't to much of a help; that was ok, we managed. The real problem came at the end of our journey, when we checked out and asked for directions towards a certain parking in the center of Florence where we counted to spend our afternoon. They told us that that day was a no-driving day in Florence, and that we were'nt legally allowed to drive anywhere in town. When i asked how was i supposed to know that, the guy told me it was in the papers....finally he advised us to drive (illegally) and play dumb if stopped by police. We also asked a taxi driver that confirmed the interdiction. After a good thought, we asked a friend who speaks italian to go on the internet and check the actual law, and it was our luck we did. Apparently the law permitted tourists going to or from their hotel to use the car in Florence on that day. Therefore we just got out of the city and on to the highway with no other tourism for the day. I would have thought that a 4* hotel could at least advise its clients (at least those that used their parking and were supposed to check out on that particular day) on a law that concerned them. The breakfast was average to say the least, and what was even more annoying was that at 10.31 a.m. when the breakfast serving time was over (at 10.30), the servers started making an awful amount of noise with the cuttlery and the plates, just to make sure you understood you have to leave.All in all i guess it was a good deal for the price, and i'm hoping that they can make some improvements on the customer service side.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>VACOUPLETRAVELS
<Content>Room was nice, staff has major attitude problems!!! Based on the TA reviews, we booked 7 nights at this hotel. Yes, we were aware of the distance to the center of the city, but we did not mind. In fact, we wanted to stay away from the hustle and bustle of the tourist areas.Upon checking in, we were greeted by a front desk person with a snobby attitude, who didn't want to be bothered with some of our touristy questions.The room was very clean but small, we had a standard double, and got a fairly decent price, but I'm sure we didn't get the best price. They even have a menu of pillows in case you want to request a special pillow. They also had a TV internet for 10 euros for 24 hours if you wanted to use it. Breakfast came with the room, and you could have it delivered to the room for 6.5 euros.The breakfast was 'American Fare', with some cheese and meats. The breakfast servers were absolutely AWFUL! They walked around like militant food watchers. If you put a croissant into the toaster, they were all over you. You'd think they would put a sign up that said no croissants in the toaster. Also, when we tried to get coffee to go, they said NO, we have room service if you want that. Hmmm...that's not the kind of service I'd expect from a 4 star hotel.When we tried to call the reception to get a restaurant reservation, the night desk clerk actually had the nerve to tell me to call back in the morning, and that the morning person could help me. I made the call to the restaurant myself and got a reservation, but had to pay .45 cents for the call. What kind of service is that.Finally, they advertise that they make train reservations, well, they DO NOT! They will print the schedule, but then they tell you that you need to go to the train station and buy your tickets.In summary, although the hotel, boasts that it is a 4 star hotel, yes, the rooms were clean, nice marble bathrooms, but the quality of the customer service is right down there with a 1 star hotel.BEWARE if you book this place, you'll enjoy the room but you need to take care of yourself!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>krissh_v
<Content>Great hotel This is a fantastic hotel in florence - big rooms, wonderful showers and tub (which was great compared to the other hotels in rome and venice) and good breakfast. The staff were ok. The only minor niggle is that it is a little away, though that makes it a nice quiet place to sleep at nights. Overall - a wonderful place to stay, especially since we were able to get it at $140 a night.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Fiskerton
<Content>Excellent Hotel Trip Advisor does it again. Based on the reviews we stayed for five nights at this hotel at the start of this month. Love the big rooms and the excellent bathroom and shower. Compared to small and equally priced rooms in Rome, this was quite a revelation. The whole place was kept spotless, and the reception team were very helpful with advice. We tried Alfredos around the corner on the first night, and it was excellent and low cost fare.As a media nut, great to see a good selection of British/American news channels for some early evening consumption on the tv, but I know thats a low priority for most!!Very few downsides...but to be picky, the breakfast buffet was average compared to some I had at other hotels in Italy, and yes....it was a 20 minute fast walk to the Duomo(but after big walks around Rome, this was a doddle). The main tranche of tavernas, cafes, and bars is about 15 minutes walk towards the centre, but en route we found our local...an excellent Irish bar called Flanagans. The hotel bar was also pricey compared to others in Italy.But I am only clutching at a few negative straws. This place deserves its four star status and at just over 拢60 a night for early November was a steal. We will be back!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>captnkirk
<Content>Stylish San Gallo Just returned from a very pleasant 3 nights at the San Gallo, we booked a superior room which was on the ground floor at the back with double doors onto a roomy garden terrace. The The front desk and bar staff in the comfortable bar could not be more helpful and pleasant and a good breakfast was served  The room was very spacious with a king size bed, large double wardrobe with full length mirror doors and a fridge/ television unit, small table and 2 chairs, all comfortable and in good condition. Next to that was a small office area with window onto the terrace and desk and computer point and a door then led to a well appointed bathroom with power shower, all nicely finished. The terrace looked onto the garden which is quite small and hemmed in by taller buildings, so the view is a bit limited. The ground floor at the back is the next floor down from the Hotel entrance at street level.The hotel is in a business area and has meeting rooms and business guests, which didnt detract from the pleasantnessof the Hotel.The location is just on the busy Piazza della Liberta not nearer the train station at the fortezza De Bassa end of Via lorenzo Magnifico as may be indicated by multimapping the hotel zip code. Had I known that I would have got transport from the train station after a long days travelling. Similarly the walk from the hotel to the centre of town although (just 15ish minutes to the Piazza Mercado) might become a tad tedious (especially uphill on the way back) if sightseeing during the day and eating in town. At night, we took taxis (although there are many buses also) to and from the Piazza della Republica and ate at a couple of the many restaurants around and about, the le Poste behind the square was nice as was the outdoor restaurant by the carousel in the square. There is also a good restaurant near the hotel called Alfredo and a couple of really good coffee bars.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cabinbagonly
<Content>Very friendly and helpful hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights 21 - 24 October. Room was fine, good breakfast and staff very happy to help with any questions, print train times etc. Its about 15/20 mns walk from centre (which we liked) and was very quiet so no problems sleeping !! Would definitely recommend to anyone visiting Florence.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>atlbrent
<Content>Great little hotel just on the edge of the city center       hotel front  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>NYHilly
<Content>Good Location We Stayed at the San Gallo Palace October 3-6, 2007. It is located right across from the San Gallo, the old South Gates of the city. The hotel is a clean hotel with nice quiet rooms. They have internet service in the loby and rooms, an elevator and typical European breakfast. The hotel is about 20-25 min walk from the Duomo, but there are many bus routes near by that will take you if your feet are tired. The tickets run about 12E for a 3 day unlimited pass.A good hotel in a good area, the staff is friendly and great with helping out with the bus schedule :)  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juanverde
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel! i'm a skeptic but after checking this site and hotelclub.net, i booked this hotel for a fair price ($305US/night). modern, comfortable, lots of room, great breakfast, internet, helpful staff, and clean. good location. a little further out from the center than some others, but much closer than you might expect. Definitely, just under 15 minutes to the Duomo if you're not disabled or elderly.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Liner
<Content>Best hotel on our trip I don't normally write reviews or fill in rating forms at hotels, however I used Trip Advisor Hotel reviews for all accommodation I booked for my trip to Italy therefore, I felt I should post my review to help others out. I have just returned from an 8 day trip to Tuscany, the San Gallo Palace was the best hotel that we stayed in on the whole trip. The rooms are lovely, very plush, modern, spacious and immaculately clean. We had a double room on the first floor, and it was very quiet and peaceful (it's in a quiet area). They also provide slippers and bath robe which is a nice luxury after travelling around for a few days! There's a reasonably priced mini bar in the room but it is in effect a small fridge and therefore has space for your own drinks (water etc which is very handy). The price of a beer in the mini bar was cheaper than in the hotel bar (just recheck that but as I far as I remember that was the case!) The breakfast was very good, lovely food and good selection. The accommodation is expensive and that is the only downside it has. We paid 鈧?25 for 3 nights. That鈥檚 averaging 鈧?08 per night for a double room BB The service was excellent and we found the reception staff could not do enough to help us. We ended up staying an extra night more than we planned in the hotel. It is in a good location, about 20 mins walk to the Duomo. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>motiv8matt
<Content>great hotel We booked early and got a great discount on this hotel. It was a bit far away from all the action, but was such a nice hotel to stay in. The rooms were beautifully decorated and spacious. The breakfast was average but still tolerable.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RPM777
<Content>Great Hotel, Loved it My Wife and I spent 3 nights in the San Gallo Palace in early september. It's a great hotel and we had a wonderful time there. The building is modern and well presented, reception/bar/restaurant are all pleasant and nice places to spend some time. The bar food menu is small but food was ok. The bedroom we had was on the 3rd floor and was fantastic. Spotlessly clean and modern, the bathroom was huge and very well presented. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfasts also very good. The location is about 20 minutes walk from the centre of Florence (ie. Duomo) but it's a pleasant walk and in a nice area. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and it's a great place to stay.We will certainly be back for another stay soon....  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WaitingtoWarmUp
<Content>Great Stay Wondeful hotel in Florence! A little out of the way (but still can walk to everything in 10 minutes or less). Front desk was great - had to check out very early so when I called for a wake-up call, the operate ordered a cab for me to arrive at a certain time and they packed a breakfast for me (because I'd miss the free breakfast). Room was very comfortable and a good size. Will always stay here in the future!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janesk
<Content>Best hotel on my trip I was very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Out of the three hotels I stayed in this was the best, yet not the most expensive one. The room had a good size and everything looked new. Breakfast was included and it was good. Staff was very nice and helpful as well. I would definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChazMalibu
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, bad location Very nice hotel, clean and bright. The staff was so-so and you had to pay for Internet (no biggie). Breakfast was good and the rooms were very nice. My wife and I are very fit, but the 30 minute walk into the heart of the city got old very fast. Forget trying the bus system, the city doesnt even have a bus map. If you dont mind taxis, this place would be just about perfect.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	1	5	3	5	3	

<Author>needhelpOC
<Content>Wonderful Staff We stayed at the San Gallo Palace Hotel from 19 Aug until 22 Aug 07. We had a great time staying with them. Whilst on holiday my mum was ill and all staff were incredibly helpful. As soon as they new about her being unwell they were on the case immediately and did everything they could to help, just making the whole thing so much easier for us.The hotel itself was very clean, modern and comfortable. The rooms sizes are small compared to USA but very much normal for Europe. The room quality was definately way above average. It is a good 10-15 minutes walk from the Duomo which was my only very small complaint, after walking all day in Florence, and extra 15 minutes walk was not welcomed! The breakfast was good, they had a wide selection - cereal, fruit, cakes, crossants, breads, egg, bacon sausages, juices. For us the biggest plus point for us was the staff. they made our trip the most memorable.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hemingwayaway
<Content>good hotel, business class Good 4star typical business class - good rooms, excellent bathrooms, good breakfast (included), good service. Location 15minutes walk to domo. Parking on road outside 12eu/day or in hotel garage at 10eu/day. Only downside is location which can be a little tiring after trapesing around the city - like some other reviews, not impressed with the city and definately over hyped. Realistically location is good for a couple of nights  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seattle&munich
<Content>Great hotel, you wont be diappointed       Hotel at night  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JEVSY
<Content>Good Choice!       san Gimignano  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peolsen
<Content>Great place to relax! After travelling through different parts of Italy for 8 days we arrived at the San Gallo for the last leg of our trip. And though Florence was a huge disappointment the hotel was just as great a surprise. The staff are polite and very helpful. Especially appreciated the culry dark haired woman who seems to be in charge of the breakfast. The breakfast itself was also decent with a good selection of cheese, hams and salamis, yoghurts, jams and other stuff. This was the first time during our trip we got something salty served for breakfast, which was great for Norwegians not used to all the sweet stuff that early in the morning (or at any other time, for that matter). The room was spacious enough, very clean and with a nice balcony towards the not-so-exciting back yard area. As for Florence itself it was a completely different story. Unless you love the art presented in this town and massive hordes of tourists, we would never recommend this town during this time of the year. The Italians themselves have mostly gone on holiday leaving many shops and restaurants closed. It seemed the only people about was the tourists - and they're everywhere. Having read about most of Tuscany being overcrowded with tourists we did expect to see a lot of fellow traveller - but not in a way like this. And it really isn't charming at all. Architecture wise the city has some great buildings but we found buildings in general to be too close upon each other. The city mostly lack the great piazzas that makes Rome such a grand and beautiful place. And apart from the duomos, basilicas and some of the museums Florence is really not a very pretty place. We found it to be disappointingly scruffy and run down. Coming from Siena we felt we might as well have stayed there. Yes, Siena is also crowded with tourists at this time of the year but the town has tons of charm and is a lovely place to walk around.So after our initial walk around town (and we did loads of walking) we mainly stayed in the hotel. And had a brilliant relaxing time. Lovely bathroom (with a rather unnecessary massage shower), good air conditioning and so on. And different to a lot of other reviewers on TripAdvisor, we found the distance from the city centre quite great. Less noisy and you don't walk into the massive tourist crowds as soon as you leave the hotel. If we ever head back to Florence, we'll definitely be travelling outside the worst of the tourists season (if there's such a thing in Florence). Mind, we probably won't as there are so many other great places to see in this otherwise so lovely country.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>intrepidtraveller_7
<Content>Excellent Hotel We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on this site and we were not disappointed. Before arriving we emailed the hotel to request a room away from the road, as others have advised and were put in room 215, which is on the second floor at the back. This room was very spacious with a large marble bathroom with Jaccuzi bath. Very relaxing after a long day walking and sightseeing!We also asked the hotel to book tickets for the Accademia and Uffiz Galleries and these were waiting for us on our arrival.The staff were helpful and polite, nothing was too much trouble.We chose to use the bus to get into and back from the city centre. The number 7 stops on the road that runs on the left of the hotel, but if you walk across the square there a numerous other buses that will take you into the centre i.e 1 , 7, 33, 25.There is a small coffee shop/bar on the same side of the road as the hotel called San Gallo and you can get coffee and drinks at very reasonable prices. We would call in there on our way back from eating out at night.Alfredos, as others have said is excellent value and the food is good.We would highly recommend a visit to Fiesole, a village in the hills. Tthe number 7 bus back from the centre goes onto this village and the walk up to the monastry is not to be missed for the panoramic view from the top. Walk back down via the gardens and you will come across the village cemetary which is very impressive!We would definitely return to this hotel if visiting Florence again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Golod1
<Content>Solid Hotel Florence was the second leg of our honeymoon in Italy after some time in Rome. We stayed at this hotel at the recommendation of many friends here in Los Angeles. I found the hotel to be, tastefully decorated, clean lines, good price and overall a nice place to stay. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. I am not raving over this hotel mainly because of the semi-distant location to the heart of the City. By no means is it that far from the center, but unless you're taking a cab, walking takes about 15-20 mins to city center. There are some advantages to being right in the city center, particularly in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	3	2	

<Author>NYTeresa
<Content>Like Coming Home Just returned from a 10 day stay at the San Gallo and absolutely loved everything about it. Chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews, and everything you read is true. Requested and was given a garden view room, which was kept immaculate. Bedding was very comfortable and the air conditioning was more than adequate. The staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating. Breakfasts were wonderful. We actually appreciated being a short distance from the tourists' sights, as we felt like we were coming home at the end of a long day. We usually chose to walk off our gelati rather than take the 7 bus, which stops right around the corner. Thanks to another review, we took the bus to Fiesole and dined at La Reggia, which offered a beautiful view of the city and excellent food, quite reasonable! Would highly recommend this hotel and hope to some day return.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ashuppe
<Content>Great Deal Within Walking Distance We were sent to San Gallo after we had a date mix up at the other hotel. We were very pleased with the San Gallo Palace. The staff was very accomodating and gave us a wonderful room on the first floor. The staff was very helpful in giving directions and restaurant recommendations.The room was large for European standards, well cooled, and very quiet. The hotel had a wonderful breakfast each morning including meats, cheeses, pastries, and fresh fruit. The hotel was within a 20 minute walk to the main center of town and thus was out of the load city center.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YoungTravelersUsa
<Content>Glorious Hotel! We booked our trip here based on Trip Advisor and it was a wonderful experience! By chance, we scored the best room in the hotel (the one featured on their website) and it was wonderful! The decor is lovely, the bed comfy and the bathroom is very pretty. Our only minor complaint is the shower head, which sprays all over the bathroom. The breakfast was complimentary and tasty, and the staff very helpful. The hotel is located in Liberty Square and was very quiet, even in the height of tourist season (we were there the 6th and 7th of July) and a 15 minute walk from the town highlights like the Duomo, Uffizzi, etc... Great place!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HoosierNana
<Content>Lovely, Quiet, Good Value This place is a gem. We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel within walking distance that was clean and quiet. Staff was great, beds were firm and the room was charming and sparkling clean.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beck Hoose 1
<Content>Gallo Superb After reading about the San Gallo from other Trip advisors, we decided to book it for our 5 night stay in Florence. We were not disappointed.Our room and hotel were spotless, the staff were pleasant and very helpful, and the breakfast was excellent. We usually had our breakfast Al Fresco in the courtyard.Prior to our arrival, we emailed the hotel to request a garden room, as we read some of the rooms adjacent to the road were noisy due to the traffic.We got a garden room, which was very quiet, but i didn't think the noise of the traffic outside could be heard in the hotel, as we often sat in the bar lounge which is next to the road, and it was pretty quiet.Getting to the centre of Florence is a 15 minute walk, or take the Number 1 or 7 bus at the roundabout opposite side from the San Gallo.Overall, the hotel stands up to its 4 star rating, and it is value for money.Tip: If you take the number 7 bus from the centre, after the San Gallo stop (Liberty) it carries on to a little village outside Florence called Fiesole. When you get off at the village square, walk up to the San Fransceco Monastry, where you get a beautiful panoramic view of Florence and sit at the restaurant half way up and have a drink.Anther little known gem is the Rinascente Department store on Piazza Della Republica. It has a Terrace Restaurant, where you can sit outside and get a rooftop view of the surrounding Florence.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bobmany
<Content>Classy Hotel We only stayed one night at San Gallo, but it was a joy. It is an easy 10 minute walk to see David or the Market and another 5 down to Ponte Vecchio. Out kids stayed in a triple that had it's very own veranda, looking out at the Piazza della Libert脿,. Very comfortable rooms, nice air-conditioning and bathroom facilities.The staff recommended Alfredos for dinner after a busy walking day. The restaurant is just around the corner and the food was excellent. (our kids favorite dinner). At the end of our stay, we walked to the nearby bus stop for a 5 minute ride on bus 33 back to the train station. One of the nicest hotels we stay in during our 15 day trip to Italy.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pattkark
<Content>Good Hotel My husband and I stayed at the San Gallo Palace for three nights in June in a Double Superior room. I booked the room directly with the hotel via email and the staff was very prompt in their responses and helpful in making the reservation. The hotel itself is lovely. The lobby area is beautiful and the bar area is relaxing with a large outdoor seating area. Breakfast (which has a great variety of pasteries, meats, cheeses, eggs, bacon,etc.) was served in the basement, but also had a nice outdoor patio where you could enjoy your breakfast. The hotel room was nice, but a bit small although standard for most European hotels. We had french doors and a small patio with two chairs. There wasn't much of a view from our patio, but it was nice to step outside or sit and read a book. A warbrobe area separated the bedroom from the bathroom. The bathroom was marble and had nice counter space and good lighting. The room was very clean and the bed was VERY comfortable. Unlike a previous reviewer, I found the hotel to be quiet. The staff, while friendly and helpful when asked questions, was not overly helpful and did not offer any suggestions as some of the other hotels did on our trip (I think we were spoiled since we arrived at San Gallo after staying at Hotel Antiche Figure in Venice where the service was the best I have ever encountered). We even received some misinformation from one of the staff about the times when we could purchase tickets to one of the museums which would have been disasterous if we hadn't checked it our for ourselves.The location was the biggest negative for me. The website says that it is 10 minutes from the main sights in Florence. It was a very brisk 10 minute walk to San Marco Church and the Accademia and the walk to San Marco was on a fairly deserted street (especially at night) . It was at least a 30-40 minute walk to the area around Ponte Vecchio. Overall, the hotel was very nice but I would probably stay in a more central location the next time I visit Florence.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>DianaCO
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay Very pleasant stay at the San Gallo. It is about a 15 minute walk from the main attractions, but you do get more of a feel to the city than just being on the doorstep of the everything. The only disadvantage to this is that we didn't venture very far afield in the evening as we were so tired after a busy day out. Very comfortable rooms, the air-conditioning is a little noisy but if you leave the balcony door slightly ajar at night this does away with the noise. Good shower and bathroom facilities.There are a few good eateries pretty close by. Alfredos is very good, some of the most delicious food I have eaten in a long time, the goose carpaccio and bruschetta is great. There is Persuas nearby where the speciality is steak and also carpaccio. We have a lovely meal at The Accadamia in Piazza San Marco, not too far away. The taxi fare from Statzione Santa Maria Novella is approx 8 euros , the train from Pisa is 7 euro.There is also the Terravision bus from Pisa Airport/Florence station which is 8 euros and runs every hour.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>navac
<Content>Good spot Lovely lobby and room, excellent bathroom. It about 20min walk to very centre, perfect for tourists. Our only problem was finding it!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Airmay
<Content>Modern amenities, good location I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The rooms were a decent size, the bathroom was nicely updated. Everything seemed 'clean' and kept up nicely. The staff was friendly and helpful.The location was not a problem for me. It was a quick walk to the center of Florence. I was there during peak tourist season - so being much closer to the center would have been a bit too much - for my taste.The bar area was a good place to relax - and not only do they have good drinks - they have good food to tide you over as well. When I checked in, I was directed to a near by restaurant. It was excellent. I later tried a restaurant across the street from that restaurant, and found that to be excellent as well. Each was frequented by locals...which is always a good sign.The morning breakfast was good...nothing to get too excited about - but a nice way to start the day. Traveler tip: Pre-book your reservations for the museums. It worked well for me, and was a much better time than standing in line all day.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ConwyJetsetters
<Content>Excellent Hotel I booked the San Gallo Palace for my husbands 40th Birthday after reading reviews on this site. We where not disappointed at all. The staff are excellent and booked tickets for the uffizi gallery, saves a very long queue. I just emailed them and they sorted it out no problem,The Uffizi is amazing and well worth a visit. they also sorted out a breakfast to take away as we had to leave the hotel at 6am.The rooms in San Gallo are very spacious and very clean, the breakfast is also very good. We went to Alfredos for a meal which was excellent and good value for money. We walked up to Michelangelo square, it is a bit of a hike but the view is stunning well worth seeing. We did lots of walking when we where there. The hotel is about 15-20 minute walk from the centre. We loved Florence and would love to stay and the San Gallo Palace again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gemw
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here in June 07 as part of our honeymoon and found it to be a great hotel! Lovely rooms and fab bathroom and a real lovely retreat at the end of a busy day! Staff were very friendly and helpful and breakfast was good too.Only issues we had was the distance it was from the centre, we felt it was just too far out for us! Also the walls are quite thin so you can hear your neighbours if they are noisy  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LeicestershirePootle
<Content>Great Hotel We travelled to Florence in early June to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. I contacted the hotel on several occasions before we travelled to check room arrangements and to arrange pre-booked tickets for the 2 main galleries. The hotel couldn't have been more helpful - they replied quickly and arranged everything that I had asked for.The hotel itself is just off a fairly busy piece of road, so I would recommend asking for room away from the road. We did and we couldn't hear any noise at all. The room was a good size, very clean and had all the usual mod cons. Although we didn't use it, the balcony was a good size and overlooked the gardens.The breakfasts were fantastic and had a great selection of pastries, cold meats, scrambled egg. All the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.The hotel recommended Alfredo's for a relaxed restaurant with good food and we enjoyed it so much we went there twice!It takes about 10 minutes to walk to the main tourist areas so that is something to bear in mind if you don't like walking or if you want to be near all the action in the evening.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saxonsm
<Content>Solid Hotel Just stayed at San Gallo. Other reviews were spot on. would not hesitate to recommend or stay there again.Pros* Very clean* Friendly staff* Decent breakfast* Priced well for what you getCons* Bit of a walk, but there are a few good places to stop along the way for refreshments to ease your pain* Room 105, and I am assuming other rooms on the front of the hotel, are noisy from the street traffic, which does not quit throughout the night.*Thin walls - you can hear your neighborsThe staff was accomodating in moving us from the room (It is actually the one pictured on their website). I am a light sleeper, so it did bother me. It is also a small room and bathroom. We were moved to a room off the garden area (#82) on the first floor which was much bigger and had a great bathroom. If you can get the same star rating and be closer to centro storico, you should try, but It honestly was nice to get away from the hustle and bustle. If you walk Via San Gallo to and from try a little place called Creole on your way home. Nice pit stop with good wines at reasonable prices and free appetizers in the evenings.Alfredos, which they suggest to everyone, is good. Try the tuscan soup.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travel-world-mom
<Content>Great hotel We traveled with a 3 year old and stayed there for 3 nights in and again 2 nights in the last three weeks. Both times our experiences had been great. The hotel is new, everything works. In both cases, we had rooms with a balcony, which was a real plus for our 3 year old. The room sizes vary. Our first room was a standard room, but during the second stay, the corner room was more spacious and the shower has multiple water jets. The breakfast was OK (a bit boring being the same everyday). A bit far off from the city center, but a bus ride gets you there pretty fast. Quiet and great service. Definitely will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TCAL
<Content>Little Gem Spending our last night of four at the San Gallo - just returned from Alfredo's restaurant around the corner what a great combination!Hotel staff can't be faulted friendly efficient and helpful. Room spacious, very comfortable and very quiet, as requested. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend it - apart from wanting to keep it to ourselves!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beloune
<Content>Good but... This hotel is 20 minutes by walk from the center, modern and pretty.All the amenities are normal for a 4* hotel.One big point for me in an hotel is the noise, this one is terrible :(Impossible to sleep without those balls kies in your ears. The noises comes from inside so nothing with all the cars outside...Also they forget to change towels till a long time, we found holes on it.The staff is very friendly and helpfull.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Jenny90245
<Content>Highly Recommended This is a new and much more modern hotel comparing to the hotels we stayed in Rome and Venice. We had such a great experience. The hotel and the room are very clean, spacious, modern, and the bathroom has very up to date facilities. The staff is very friendly and helpful. If we go visit Florence, again this is THE hotel we'd like to stay at again and I'll not go anywhere else! I am recommending the hotel to all my friends!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>BayswaterBabe
<Content>Fantastic! This is an excellent hotel. The room was fantastic with a great large shower with side jets. There was a pillow menu although we did not use it. The bed was firm but turned out to be one of the most comfortable beds I have slept on in a hotel for a long time! The in room entertainment had a wide range of pay for view films and a superb collection of albums which you can play on demand. We had requested a room on the top floor with an on a side hotel view away from the road and that's exactly what we got with a lovely big balcony too.All the staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. They managed to book tickets for the Uffizi and the Accademia at very short notice and had also tried to do so in advance before we arrived. Breakfast was also good with excellent coffee. Although the hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the centre, it's a pleasant and safe walk back to the hotel and we didn't find it a problem. It's close to San Marco and not that far from the station.Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Manxmog
<Content>Definitely a little palazzo!       Ponte Vecchio  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>roy26
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel. Friendly staff. Good breakfast. Rooms clean and well-kept. 15 minute walk or so to most attractions. Everything I read from tripadvisor was correct.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MsReal
<Content>Fantastic Hotel  This was my first trip to Florence and most of the hotels that I viewed online seemed a little dated, so I was initially attracted to the fact that San Gallo was fairly new, breakfast was included and the website was attractive. I was celebrating my 40th birthday and the staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant in suggesting options (we plumped for a day trip to San Gimnignano  Siena - very good and arranged via the hotel in nanoseconds). Despite our plane landing an hour late, our hotel shuttle was waiting for us right outside arrivals. The room was spotless and a free pillow menu meant we could order our respective types of pillows (I'm a down girl - he's a firm man) to ensure that we slept like babies every night. A free welcome drink in the bar was offered and we chose to eat in one night which proved excellent also. Very good breakfast served until 10.30 with full English  Continental on offer. Good online access and a 15 minute walk to the Duomo  Uffizi means that this ticks every box. Bravo!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ForzaHUFC
<Content>Excellent staff and good location We stayed for 5 nights in April 2007 at this hotel and it was excellent. Even before we had left the UK we had ontacted the hotel for their help on a few things and they replied quickly and helped us. Once we arrived they also took care of any questions and were spot on in all their advice on where and how to go about doing things, special thanks to Paulo who helped me get Fiorentina football tickets.The room was immaculate with excellent bathroom and facilities, including free safe, fridge, etc. Breakfast was also good. Hot and cold buffet selection, fruit juice, coffee, the normal stuff, but very good.The hotel is located opposite what was once a gateway into the city, and from here or a short walk away most buses can be accessed, including the No.7 which runs to Fiesloe and the amazing views across to Florence and its Cathedral.The walk into Florence is only 15 minutes or so to the Cathedral, with San Lorenzo (and markets), The Academia, San Marco and Fra's frescos and other attractions all before you reach the Cathedral area. Its loctaion as a base to explore Florence is excellent.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nstar612
<Content>Decent... I stayed at this hotel from 03/11 to 03/13. It's close to the train station, so the taxi ride wasn't expensive. I don't particularly like the location of this place because it's troublesome to get to the nearest bus stop and its lack of restaurants nearby. Most of the restaurants and interesting place are between the hotel and train station.One thing I would not recommend is ordering food from room service. They are rather expensive and tasteless. The room itself is fairly big for European standard. However, it might be a little dated as there was a big stain on the floor in our room.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>James-Bear
<Content>Loved the San Gallo Palace!!       Hotel Courtyard  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yllwflme
<Content>Good Feel... The hotel was idyllic from the outside, especially at night when it was all lit up. I loved the little gated courtyard in front. The staff was very nice, especially the concierge Paola. she was always exceptionally nice. One of the older men at the front desk was very rude, but we only saw him one night so he didn't get to ruin our trip. the room itself was kinda small but it was very nicely furnished, and the bathroom was huge. it was kinda far away, so we ended up taking a taxi a lot, so not a great place if you want to walk right to the duomo or otherwise...but everything else in florence is so close together that you only needed to take one in the morning and one at night if your legs were too tired to walk to the city center. overall, i thought the distance was worth it in exchange for the quality of the hotel.One more thing...i saw a lot of people talk about Alfredo's around the corner...my friend and i thought it was horrible. the service was terrible and my pasta was extremely al dente ( re not cooked) and had frozen peas and carrots in it. it was disgusting. if you want great food in a beautiful restaurant and hot waiters go to golden view open bar next to the ponte vecchio.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bostongirl_439
<Content>Wonderful, comfortable, personable!       San Gallo exterior  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TurtleCreekTraveller
<Content>Service With a Smile I have stayed 3 times at the San Gallo Palace and consider the hotel a jewel. The hotel is fairly new and the beds are just a tad firm for my liking. In mentioning this in planning my last stay, they offered to wrap the mattress with a blanket for extra softness. They did exactly as they said they would, consistent with the service I've always experienced. Personally, I like the rooms with a view of the little courtyard garden. It is true that the hotel is a short walk from the center, but it is much quieter than the center, and if you wish not to walk, cab is inexpensive and bus service frequent. I've stayed at several places in Florence and find San Gallo Palace to be an excellent option if price, quality, and quiet are all of importance to you.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElsiMM
<Content>I love this place! I truly enjoyed my stay at San Gallo and will recommend anyone to stay here. It truly lives up to it鈥檚 4 star quality.To begin with, we only paid 83 euros a night for a Superior Double Room during the summer time. It was well worth it and a fantastic deal.The reception area is very lovely and there is always some there attentive to your needs. The American bar is on the first floor and it has an indoor and outdoor sitting area. Besides drinks you can also order food. At our arrival we were given a welcome drink, which was an added bonus. The buffet breakfast was great and filling with different choices. The servers constantly came out to refill the trays through out the morning so there is plenty fresh food. It included fruit, pastries, cereal, breads, ham, cheeses, eggs, butter, jams, coffee, juices and milk.The room was very spacious, modern and clean. It included a nice size closet, writing desk with chair, and fridge. There was also a TV that doubled up as a computer with internet access. The bathroom in our room was very large with a shower, bath tub, toilet and bidet. Our room was cleaned daily and fresh towels were provided.The hotel has a garage located about 2 blocks away. It鈥檚 a little complicated to get there but a convenient service the hotel offers since parking options are limited. The location of the hotel is not in the center of all the tourist attractions but accessible by foot, about a 15 minute walk. I know some travelers may have an issue with walking this amount of time before getting to the main spot, but we didn鈥檛 mind it at all. It was actually an added bonus to help burn off the calories from all the rich Italian food we had consumed. It is kind of nice to be a bit away from the hustle and bustle.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCMrsg
<Content>Wonderful Stay       Closet  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kellydinc
<Content>Loved San Gallo We loved, loved the San Gallo Palace. We had a superior room with a HUGE bathroom, bedroom and a balcony overlooking the garden. The staff was courteous and helpful. When we arrived I was very sick and they called the pharmacy for me to make sure they were open and to tell them in Italian what I needed. Very good service! It is not in the main center of town, but close enough. Bus stops right next to the hotel, hop on #17 and in three minutes you are at the Duomo. We also were able to walk there in about 15 minutes. Florence was my favorite city of our travels and the San Gallo Palace defintely was a wonderful place to stay!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SAGlobetrotters
<Content>Excellent choice in Florence Very professional service. Room of extremely high standard. Similar to the 5 star hotel we stayed at in Vienna but at less than half the price. Breakfast inclusive of hot and cold foods. Wide selection. Location great - 10 minute walk to centre and main attractions. Hotel recommended restaurant 2 blocks away called Alfredo which was a family run Trattoria with tasty food with large servings - best Italian meal we had in Italy. Went back twice. Parking at nearby secure undercover garage. Can come and go as you please for 10 Euros per day. One of the best hotels of our trip.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hello123123
<Content>perfect Hotel       Closet  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StGeorgeLondon
<Content>Well deserved 4 stars I took my girlfriend to florence for a week for her birthday and stayed at the san gallo palace. We're not too keen on walking but let me assure you that the walk into the main areas of florence is not that far at all. It honestly takes 20-25 minutes to walk to the Duomo but you pass little squares where you can have a quick coffee and watch the world go by if you like. The hotel reception were very friendly and helpful. They were more than happy to help me organise my proposal. Taxis no problem, roses on the bed no problem, in fact anything I asked for was not a problem for them. We stayed in one of their standard double rooms which to be honest was a little small, but it had a lovely bathroom and the bed was super comfy. Opening any windows was not an option as the road noise was extreme however saying that, most hotels in florence would experience the same problem as its such a busy city.If you want to get away from the main tourist areas then the san gallo is the perfect hotel. I left with a fiance who adores me and it would not have been possible without the help of the staff.Arry G  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KSchmidt
<Content>Very Nice Hotel and Location       A beautiful October day by the Arno River  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Mulrain
<Content>Loved the San Gallo Palace, Great Place! Wonderful place, the pictures are exactly like what you will see. The service in this hotel is outstanding, english easily spoken, and any needs quickly resolved. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We were able to walk to all the beautiful sights with no problem. Best to take a taxi upon arrival from the train station, with luggage it is not close. Our room had a balcony, which was great, but watch out for the mosquitos, they sneak in if you leave the door open. We requested a room with a shower which was like being in a car wash, total relaxation, there were four extra shower heads on the sides. The rooms were very clean and updated. The breakfast was the best we had during our stay in Italy, fresh and good quality. Make sure you get to see Florence from the top of the mountain where the church is, it is certainly a sight to see. If I were to go back, i would stay here again without a doubt!!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deadfish
<Content>Walking distance to the Duomo and heart of Firenze Ths San Gallo Palace Hotel is located just a short 15 minute walk to the heart of Firenze- for sight seeing, shopping and museums. The Via Cavour is directly across the park and traffic circle at the Piazza della Liberta from the hotel and heads straight 'downtown' to the Duomo. From there it is only another short walk to the Piazza dell Signoria where you will find the Uffizi, Palazzo Vecchio, the Arno and the Ponte Veccio. The hotel is clean and comfortable with excellent and helpful staff. Our room had a lovely little balcony area with tables and chairs and it was warm enough to use it which was a treat for morning coffee. We were very pleased with this little hotel and have no reservations about recommending it to others visiting Florence.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaggieTse
<Content>Love this hotel       Take a day trip to charming Sam Gimignano  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OliverAlbrecht
<Content>good value in the historical center This is a 1st class hotel at the edge of the historical center of Florence but also easy to reach by car. Parking is possible in a nearby underground car park (10,- EUR per day). It takes approximately 15 min. to walk to the duomo. The neighboorhood is neat and safe so it's no problem to walk home at night. Rooms are spacious and cosy in a classic style. Continental breakfast is about average. Nice bar. Only malus: at 1st we were given room no. 83 which is right above the laundry: washing machines and tumbler worked noisily till midnight and started again at 7 o'clock, so it's impossible to sleep. We changed rooms after one night and moved to room no. 308 which was much better.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Sactown_tourist
<Content>The San Gallo was great       our room  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Italytravels
<Content>All but the location Lovely hotel, very nice people, but the location was a little further from the main tourist sites than we would've liked. At the end of a very long day of walking  siteseeing, it's a long walk back to the hotel and there isn't much open around there in the evenings.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	3	1	

<Author>KatKen
<Content>A "Palace" in Florence San Gallo Palace is a 4 star hotel for tourists and business travelers! The rooms are classy, beautifully decorated, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was stunning with marble floors and walls and a big tub/shower. We found the front desk staff to be wonderful. Paola was very helpful and went the extra mile for us and had great tips on restaurants. We had delicious Steak Florentine at a restaurant she suggested. We enjoyed the nightcaps and conversation with Ezzat the bartender, too. Breakfast was outstanding and catered to American tastes and offered so much more than the usual hard rolls and lunchmeat. This hotel had 3 English speaking channels on TV which is not common in most Italian hotels. The hotel is just on the outskirts of the heart of Florence but the bus stop is a block away, and for 1.2 Euros is an easy way to get to the main cultural area of Florence. We also used taxis which arrived at the hotel within minutes. There is no restaurant in the hotel but there are a few within walking distance which were very good. We would stay at the San Gallo again. See our reviews regarding Sant Elena in Venice and the Grand Hotel Ritz in Rome.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaiteK
<Content>Enjoyed the San Gallo! Very nice 4* hotel, we enjoyed the 3 nights we stayed there. It's very quiet, very new, nice breakfast, relatively large rooms, good baths.... Just take into account that it is not in the center of Florence. That was not a problem for us, as we enjoyed the nice walk every morning and evening, as the weather was very good. It takes approx. 15 min to walk to Piazza del Duomo, and 5-10 more to the Uffizzi. The personnel is helpful and correct, but not particularly warm.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>dividendo
<Content>Great Value Nice room. Enough space for Europe. All clean. Very good service. Perfect location at great price. 15 min walk to Duomo. Bus stop one block away. Breakfast could improve - Few choices.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>CharlotteHokie
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel even if off the beaten path               More photos  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tygerlily
<Content>Superb Hotel, just wish location was slightly better       Our bathroom in a double room.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MariaSF2006
<Content>Loved it, will stay again!       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MWN
<Content>Excellent Choice We had a small group (4 rooms) at the San Gallo the middle of September. We all loved the hotel and actually, after seeing how very crowded the center of Florence was, were relieved not to be in the thick of it all. The rooms were pretty, clean and comfortable.We found everyone that worked at the hotel to be accommodating -- most especially Luca at the front desk. He went out of his way to take care of all requests and seemed to recognize (and know by name) many of the guests. The front desk was always able to get us a cab on short notice, which made it very convenient. Some of the group walked to the center and some of us took a cab -- I didn't think it was that expensive -- about E10 divided by 4 people (you have to request a cab that will hold 4, which the hotel did when we needed one).Breakfast was good and served in a pleasant downstairs room with a patio if you wanted to sit outside. I would certainly stay there again and have recommended it to my friends who are going to Italy this month.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>homebody222
<Content>Great Hotel, OK location Of all the hotels in which we stayed in Italy, this was the most like an American hotel. The bathroom was large and wonderful. The room was also large and wonderful.The only negatives were that there were mosquitos in our room (I killed about 5 each day!) and the location is not ideal. It is possible to walk to the train station, which is about a mile and a half away and some of the sights but this hotel is not really located in the heart of Florence. We took the bus alot which was ok although not ideal. Bus #1, 7 and 82 go to the hotel (Piazza Liberta) from the train station.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spiaro
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Florence What a surprise to find such a charming hotel in this bustling part of Florence. Although the hotel is not in the touristy area of Florence is was perfect for us to drive to and the nearby parking was also very useful. Access to the main tourist sites was just a 15 minute walk or a 7 min bus ride.The rooms and hotel were beautifully decorated and the surprising quiet. We really appreciated the menu of pillows! The staff were very friendly, especially Luca in reception. Breakfasts were excellent and it was great to be able to sit out on the terrace. This was the best hotel of our trip and would be our first choice on any return trip.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TigerbenGuern
<Content>Clean but dull We spent 3 days at the hotel and found it comfortable and clean although biggest gripe would be the location. The hotel is good twenty minutes walk from town (not the ten minute front desk advises!). The hotel is fairly new and has the atmosphere of busineess hotel which is a shame in a city with such a rich culture as Florence. First night our TV was broken - which they did not fix until the following day (no spare TV!) - but at least they fixed it promptly the following morning. The breakfast was disapointing considering the room rent.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JJ168
<Content>Great hotel!            
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dolphinmonkey
<Content>Perfect Hotel in perfect area We booked the San Gallo Palace as part of an incredibly cheap vacation package through Air France Holidays, cannot reccomend the hotel or Air France holidays enough!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarolinPlaya
<Content>Ezzat the Magnificent ! Trusting the reviews we read on tripadvisor.com, we selected this charming hotel for our recent week in Florence (with fingers crossed!) What a delightful surprise it turned out to be !My husband and I absolutely loved our stay there - large quiet room with a balcony, comfy king bed, The front desk gals went above and beyond to meet our needs and could not have been more accommodating in every respect. Making calls for us, getting taxis, providing lots of info on tours available, etc. Loved the tours to San Gimignano, the Chianti winery and the fashion outlet!! Thank you to all of these genuinely helpful people.We enjoyed the bright spacious breakfast room, with patio option- nice selection of fruits, pastries, yogurt, cereals, ..eggs, bacon etc. (included in room rate of course)Centrally located- for the walkers, the downtown is about a 20 minute walk- through a nice area- interesting parks, monuments, shops, etc.We simply have to mention the bartender/concierge Ezzat who ensured that everyday was a special event. He recommended restaurants for us - he booked them for us - he poured very generous drinks! and, he spoiled us with tasty treats that he went out to get for us .. on and on. Our final night he wheeled a tray up to our room with a bottle of wine and a selection of snacks, bruschetta etc - there was nothing he could have done to spoil us more. Ezzat- we will be in touch with you again and thank you again for your wonderful caring touch.Without hesitation, we recommend this hotel and look forward to a return soon !  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laserg
<Content>Fantastic 5 Days in Florence Stayed at the San Gallo from July 29 - August 3, 2006 with my wife and our two teenage sons (we had separate rooms). First, the physical stucture: very unassuming hotel from the outside but nicely designed interior and meticulously clean. Feels like an inn more than a hotel. Rooms were large with gorgeous marble appointed bathrooms. One word, luxury.Second, Location: We found the location perfect. 10-15 minute walk to the Duomo and everything else for that matter. Near the bus line. Off the main bustle of the tourist hotels. Loved it.Finally, the staff: Very friendly, all speak english well. The breakfeast spread was excellent.In addition, don't miss the Stibbert museum. It is within walking distance from the San Gallo, opposite direction from the Duomo. Coolest place we visited, midievil artifacts of every kind.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Comingandgoing
<Content>Highly Recommended I spent three nights in this hotel in August 2006 and thoroughly recommend it, whether you are in Florence for the sights or for business. The entire hotel appears to have been recently renovated, and is both stylish and comfortable. My room was large and very quiet, even though it was on the ground floor. The marble and tile bathroom was superb, and the bedroom could not have been more welcoming and comfortable. The TV had three English-speaking channels and there was an ethernet port, as well as a safe and a trouser-press in my room.The San Gallo is a ten-minute walk from the main attractions, and is all the better for being outside of the noise and chaos of the tourist zone. The staff are exceptionally helpful. A good breakfast is included. There is an excellent little delicatessen with some outside tables just outside the hotel, to the left. I used it often, and avoided the rip-offs of tourist restaurants. There were some nice looking restaurants in the street to the left of the San Gallo, but I didn't try them. To get to the tourist zone turn right and keep walking.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdotwdot
<Content>Excellent Value After staying in a tiny room at a four-star hotel in Rome the San Gallo was a very pleasant surprise. Our room was enormous by European standards with all the amenities you could want. We also enjoyed a huge patio all to ourselves. The room was very modern and tastefully decorated. The breakfast was fairly good. The hotel is relatively close to the train station and while not in the city centre we had no problem walking to all the touristy spots. In terms of sights we really enjoyed the Duomo and a sightseeing tour bus which allows you to jump on and off at any stop. We also were blown away by the statue of David. We would definitely stay here again as it truly is a nice hotel and good value compared to the hotels we stayed at in Rome.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>greencap
<Content>Excellent hotel for the price we paid Totally agree with the last review. I and my 12 year old stayed there for 3 nights in June. Everything was nice about the hotel only it's located about 10-15 mins walk away from all the main tourist sites.Taxi ride is expensive. We took a taxi to town to eat instead of the 10 minutes walk and it costed me 10EU! The included breakfast was very good, that includes made to order eggs and cook breakfast meats from the kitchen.I highly recommand this hotel for people don't mind the extra walk from the day's touring in town.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>downwithblair
<Content>Spotless hotel This is a great hotel. Really clean and the rooms are spacious and luxurious. I only wish it was more central. I don't mind walking at all and knew it was a distance from the main sites when I booked it. However, the problem is that the walk into the centre of Florence isn't really a pleasant stroll. It is along a dusty, commercial street and doesn't reflect the real essence of Florence. The area of the hotel is OK but it is on a very busy and huge roundabout. There are great restaurants nearby (i.e. Alfredos) but again their location isn't brilliant - not much seating outside and just along a normal town street. However, bearing in mind that it is a real bargain for the price, the breakfasts are fantastic, the front desk are so friendly, you get a free welcome drink in the bar, there are extra luxuries like the TV sound being piped into the bathroom, the beds are very comfy, everywhere is spotless, I still think it is a good place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Amyfrank
<Content>Lovely and clean Excellent clean rooms and baths! July 19, 20  21Paola and Paolo at the front desk were very helpful!Best meal we had was at Perseus ristorante nearby. They may guide you towards La Tavola Di Pier Capponi which was nice but upscale and more expensive and we liked Perseus better!Worst watered down breakfast of our whole trip. Watered down eggs, coffee and fruit...too bad because everything else was nice.It is a bit far to walk into the historical part of town but you can take a taxi from the hotel...ask desk to call and it was very easy.Lots of walking and waiting in lines in this town...make sure you have made reservations ahead of time to get in the best museums! We did and were very happy we did!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ladylsells
<Content>The best hotel of our trip!!            
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great surprise... San Gallo was a pleasant surprise in Florence. We were given room 205 with a huge balcony over the main entrance of the hotel, huge bedroom and living room for the same price we paid for a small room in Rome. This hotel was very clean, large bathroom and the closet space was great too. Two welcome drinks at their bar. Breakfast rooms were inside or outside: cereal; scrambled eggs, bacon, cheese, ham, breads, pastries, yogurt, fruit, jams, bottled water and good coffee. Hotel faces Piazza della Liberta. Bus #1 from the train station is most direct but #25 and #33 will get you there also. This hotel is on the other side of the Piazza from the bus stop (caddy corner to the large statue at the archway of the Piazza). I would stay here again. There is a wine bar called Nabucca on Via XXVII April, which had a nice spread of appetizers, complimentary with drinks. They had a great wine selection from all over Italy. Not a far walk to the Duomo, farther walk to Ufizzi but manageable if you like to walk. All roads lead to the Duomo, it is hard to escape its gravity. Have fun and stay at the San Gallo Palace.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maggsy74
<Content>lovely, professionally run hotel My husband and I stayed at the san gallo palace for four nights in june and loved it. We had a lovely room with small balcony and great bathroom.no bath, but large shower, big enough for two, with side jets.The reception area is very attractive and theres a small garden area, with tables, next to the bar,which does very nice cocktails! True, it is a bit of a walk to city centre but unless the weather is very warm its not really a problem.My husband bought a tuscan hat whilst we were there and unfortunately left it behind in our room but after contacting the hotel by e-mail upon our return home it was returned to us, in the uk within a few days at no charge!! How professional is that?We were very impressed and would definately recommend The San Gallo Palace.We tried Alfredo's restaurant as recommrnded by other tripadvisor reviews and were disappointed. We decided to try something other than pizza or pasta and tried a chicken dish with fried potatoes which turned our to be chicken and (fast food type) chips not what we came to Italy for.I would stick to pasta next time.Apart from that the restaurant was lively and friendly.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChinadollRVC
<Content>Tuscan paradise The San Gallo Palace, a boutique hotel located at Piazza della Liberta, is a little known gem in Florence. While not exactly centrally located near major Florentine attractions such as the Uffizi or Duomo, the hotel was just a 10 minute walk to the Accademia. Unlike Rome, Florence is not that large a city, so nothing seems that far away from anything else. My family and I enjoyed almost everyting about our stay at the hotel. We liked its location and size, and especially enjoyed the San Gallo's furnishings and amenities which were decidedly more modern and comfortable compared to other Italian hotels. The one downside was that the hotel does not have a full service restaurant, just an American bar that serves lite fare. After being exhausted from sightseeing one evening, we decided to stay in and eat at the hotel, but the meal was mediocre at best. There is, however, a wonderful little restaurant a block or two away that we tried on the staff's recommendation.Perhaps the San Gallo may not be the ideal choice for the most discriminating traveler, but I would not hesitate to stay there again or to highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tsalib
<Content>Loved the hotel, but not the location We had a party of six stay at the San Gallo Palace Hotel. They gave us a corner of three rooms all to our selves. Very clean, very well appointed rooms. Large bathrooms with both shower and tub (one of our rooms had a shower only, but it was a large shower with massage jets). The staff was very helpful and spoke excellent English. We ate at Alfredo's three or four nights. Excellent food and nice wait staff.The draw back of the Hotel San Gallo Palace is it's location. We had to take taxis almost everywhere, because it is a distance from Florence center. We did walk some, but after a day of sightseeing and walking all day, we did not feel like hiking back to the hotel, hence the taxis.If you don't mind spending money on taxis, I would definitely recommend the San Gallo Palace Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bearutiful boutique hotel Beautiful Hotel.Location a little ways from venues.Fantastic staff.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TAMember1234
<Content>the gallo is great Have just spent three nights at San Gallo Palace hotel and would definitely reccomend it. The room was of typical city hotel size, and the bathroom very well appointed. We had standard room no. 101, which happened to have a terrace over the bar area, a good room to request.Despite being close to a busy traffic roundabout, there was no problem with noise.Yes, the hotel is a little distance from main attractions, but we enjoyed the walk, ( we are reasonably fit  fifty somethings  ), and never used buses or taxis. On our first night we walked to the Oltrano district, across the river, and had a very good meal at the Osteria San Spirito in Piazza San Spirito.The other two nights we ate at trattorias reccommended by the hotel reception staff, and were very pleased with both reccommendations. The first was Alfredo's, very close to the hotel, and the other was Accademia, just a little further away. Had delicious food at both.All the hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.P.A. Wrexham, Wales  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>loobyBucks
<Content>Very Nice We stayed in the san gallo palace for 3 nights we found the hotel very clean the staff were all very friendly and helpful. 20 min walk to the centre but after all the food and drink it was nice to get some exersice.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>only enjoy half of our stay We read the review here and disapointed. We stay in the hotel for only 2 nights. We checked in at around 6pm, it may be a bit late? We get a room with disgusting and choking smell. We then decided to open the windows. After 10 minutes the smell seem gone. we then close the windows and leave the room and go to the bar to get a drink and some snack. After an hour, we come back to pick up sth and go out for a walk. However, once we entered the room, the smell comes again. My friend told me she get a bit dizzy after smelling that too. Then we decided to ask the reception to change another room. However, they told us they have all room are full and cannot change until the morning. And for the smell, as I told them it is probably from the air-conditioning and they said they can do nothing for it. Finally, we get to open the windows for the whole first night and the noise make us unable to sleep well. Nx night we can a nice room with no smell.Overall, the first room is unacceptable and generally not acceptable to have even 1 room like this in a 4 stars hotel and consider that it is so high ranking here. The staffs are professional and helpful, speaking good english. Location is a bit away from tourist center and train - midway of them. around 20-25 minutes walk. I won't recommend this hotel to others due to the terrible room they provided us. If u will check in early, it is a hotel for you. (That room is on the second floor and small room number)  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lnixon
<Content>Very nice! (If you don't mind walking...) We just came back from our honey-moon trip from Florence, staying seven nights at the San Gallo. It was in all a very nice stay.As you know, if you have read the earlier reviews, San Gallo is a bit out from the town centre. Actually it's just outside the ring of avenues where the old city wall used to run. We clocked about 20 minutes walk from the Duomo and 30 minutes brisk walk from the train station. This has both advantages and disadvantages - you can't just nip back to the hotel to use the bathroom, but on the other hand it's nice to get away from the tourist hordes.The hotel is smallish (55 rooms), but with a nice lobby lounge with free (Italian) newspapers and magazines and comfy sofas. No restaurant, but there is a bar with a small selection of light meals - reasonable salads, an... interesting interpretation of a club sandwich (salami on a club sandwich?), microwave lasagna, stuff like that.We had a nice, medium-sized room. High ceiling, making the walls almost as high as they were wide. Trouser press (no iron), mini-bar, mini safe. Big queen size bed, possibly a bit hard, depending on your taste. Nice shiny bathroom, all marble, chrome and halogen lights. Hard soap bars, shampoo and body lotion were provided, no liquid soap. Towels in two colours, which was a nice touch - easier to keep track of your own towel that way. The room was kept clean discreetly and efficiently, except for an incident the last day, when the cleaning lady broke one of the toothbrush glasses and not only failed to replace it, but also failed to sweep up all the shards. It was a nasty surprise to find little pieces of broken glass all over the bathroom floor. Other than that, no complaints.The breakfast buffet is a bit limited, but good - my wife loved it. Especially the coffee is nice - good, black, strong, frothy Italian coffee.The reception staff was extremely helpful in dealing with our never-ending stream of questions and requests: extra pillows, excursion and museum reservations, restaurant recommendations, where to buy bus tickets and stamps... They never tired of helping us out.We ended up trying all the three recommended restaurants in the area - Alfredo's for simple pizzas and pastas, Perseus, which is the archetypical Italian candle-lit trattoria, complete with garlic braids hanging from the ceiling, and La Tavola di Pier Capponi, which is a bit up-scale. Since this area is a bit off the beaten tourist track, you can't expect English-speaking staff or English menues at Alfredo's or Perseus, but with a modicum of knowledge of kitchen Italian you'll have no problem, and the food is good and price-worthy. At the Pier Capponi, with its extremely attentive staff, you get an English speaking waiter as a matter of course, and really good food and wine, but expect to pay at least three times as much as at the other places.San Gallo is definitely worth its four stars. Because of the location (and in our case the season), you get good value for your money - the rates are relatively low.I can really recommend the San Gallo - if you don't mind the walk.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice if you're will to do a little walking If this hotel was closer to the city center, you'll be paying over 200euros a night.The walk is 15min-20min to the city center (where all the main attractions are). The route is safe at night, well-lit most of the way. The weather was in the 60/70s so it was very enjoyable. BUT, I wouldn't recommend it if it was in the summertime. If you want good value, this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to stay in Florence we stayed 2 nights at San Gallo, it is a clean, 4 stars, and reasonably priced hotel, a bit away from the busy center, but Florence is a nice and small city , compared to Rome, so the little walk turns out to be not a bad thing.do recommend to arm yourself with BY SANDRA GUSTAFSON 's great eats in italy (--), with it we found a very nice vegen restaurant 3 min away, and we have used the book for the one week stay in Italy, can always find the place with great food and good price, never disapointed.will definetely go back to Florence again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but not great I liked the San Gallo, but there's a few things you should know.... It's on a very busy roundabout and getting across the road is a mission in itself. I thought the rooms were very nice, but there's no real restaurant and room service meals are DREADFUL. I could not even eat my 10euro club sandwich made up from cheap white bread and this morning's cold meats.... And the lasagne was fresh out of the microwave by the looks of it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cunningham8
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I have been going on city breaks for many years and have always used Trip Advisor before booking hotels. This hotel was without doubt the best value for money that I have experienced. I am aware that at the time of year that we were there the prices were half what they are in the spring and summer. It was clean, furnished well, bedrooms and bathrooms were of a good size and the bathrooms were modernly decorated. It was in a good location as long as you didn't mind the walk into town in the evening along dark streets. Having said that it was December and in the spring and summer I'm sure the walk would be more pleasant. Breakfasts were good, staff were pleasant helpful. I would defintely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Brunello
<Content>Definitely a Winner My husband and I just got back from a 7 night stay at the San Gallo Palace. I was a bit concerned about some of the negative comments on the site, however we found nothing to complain about. The hotel staff was professional, polite and all spoke English. Our room was clean, comfortable and for a 4 star hotel, I would say it was much better than many 4 star hotels we have stayed in Chicago. The hotel is a 10-minute walk to the center of town, which was a great way to burn off all the wonderful food and gelato that we ate. It was also nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre and be in a local neighborhood during the evening.The local buses stop right around the corner on the Ponte Rosso, and the any tobacconist can sell you tickets for the bus. We took the #13 bus all the way to the Pizzale Michelangelo (across the River Arno) for E 1,00.The complimentary drink coupons were a nice touch and a good way to introduce you to the bar. Our bartender Laura was fantastic in giving us tips about where to go and what to do. The front desk staff was exceptionally helpful in making museum reservations for us, and also in making recommendations for places to eat in the neighborhood. Alfredo鈥檚 was great and very convenient. We ate there three nights and wish we had more time to try out some of the other specialties.Overall, we would recommend this hotel to any Florence visitor and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rosebank
<Content>Loved the San Gallo Palace My husband and I stayed at the San Gallo Palace from 27-29 March 2006.What a lovely hotel, although near a very busy road the hotel was very quiet with no traffic noise. The staff were helpful and polite and spoke good english.The room we had no. 83 was lovely, it looked onto a small terrace and garden. Good size, spotless and the bathroom was beautiful.Although it ws about 20 minutes walk from the main tourist area the walk to get there was very pleasant.One of your other reveiwers recommended a restaurant called Alfredo's, my husabnd and I decided to try it, I can only say it was first class.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elaine23
<Content>Great stay at San Gallo Palace My mother and i took a trip over the new year periodthe hotel was excellent,rooms very clean and spacious.Breakfast was ample and the bar very nice to come back to at night for a little night cap.All the staff were very friendly and would recommend this hotel to any one.Try the little restaurant Alfredos whick is very close by you wont be disappointed  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DAVE0310
<Content>Good honest hotel       Picture of the front of the hotel  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Robert_38
<Content>Loved the San Gallo! We stayed at the San Gallo from 9/3 to 13/3. We thought the hotel was well located, very modern, and clean and the staff were exceptionally nice. Rosario, in particular was really helpful in terms of directions and restaurant choices.The hotel is located about a 10-15 min walk to the centre but to be honest it helped walk off the lovely breakfasts we had in the Hotel!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HogsBreath_01
<Content>An all round fantastic hotel Just returned from a 4 night break at the San Gallo Palace and was very impressed. Previous Trip Advisor reviews swung our choice, however after reading a few negative reviews of late, I was concerned it might not live up to much. We are not big walkers and yes the walk is a good 20 minutes to the main hub of things, but due to the compact layout of the city, it just added to the experience as you felt you did'nt miss out on anything. In fact we really liked the fact our hotel was a bit further out, as it doubled as a nice escape from the constant hustle and bustle of the main area. The hotel reception staff were excellent - very helpful, polite and spoke excellent English. They provided us with train times, flight info, local recommended restaurant details and always seemed more than pleased to do so. Housekeeping were again excellent - my other half said she's never seen taps polished so shiny! The waiting staff at breakfast, were again very amiable and the bellboy was more than happy to store our bags on the day we checked out, due to our flight not being until the evening. Our room was large (rare for a European city hotel), the bathroom fantastic and the added bonus of a balcony is always a nice touch.There are places to eat everywhere - Alfredo's restaurant is just around the corner and is a must if you can't face heading into town again for your evening meal. We ate there twice and were looked after suberbly by the waitress and enjoyed the cosy atmosphre and food immensly. If you get there after 8.15pm, you may be pushed to get a table though, as it seemed to be very popular, especially with the locals (always a good sign though). The food was to die for, definately the best we had in Florence, which is a bold statement as most places are of a very high standard.Over all I'd recommend the San Gallo Palace to anyone planning a trip to Florence. Don't let the walk put you off - if we coped, anyone can!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for a weekend break We stayed in Florence last weekend, and the San Gallo Palace was a great hotel to stay in. Our room was very clean  the bathroom was spotless. The bar is cosy  the barman was very amiable, the free drink is also a nice touch on arrival. The location of the hotel is a little out of the main centre but we found the 10/15 minute walk into centre to be no problem at all, the narrow streets  exploring added to the fun of our break.There are two local resturants that are excellent  good value, although in Perseus do not forget your phrase book if you do not speak Italian.Overall a ideal hotel to stay in for a break in Florence, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mikel_Arteta
<Content>Excellent choice The San Gallo Palace is an excellent base for a stay in Florence. It's true that the 15-20 minute walk from the city centre means that it's suitability may depend on age group, but if like us your intent is precisely to wander around the city then it's not a problem. The hotel is new, so all facilities are in superb condition, the room was lovely and the bar pleasant. Breakfast was fine and the nearby restaurant recommended by front desk was traditional and enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel for four nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel lived up to our expectations. It was clean, tidy, friendly staff and the everything from the room to reception was first class. You do have to walk about 20 minutes to the city centre but when you are in Florence you have to walk to most places.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Splendid Hotel       The hotel room  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>San Gallo Palace Im giving a review of Excellent as overall I do believe the San Gallo Palace is an excellent hotel. With most establishments, there is always room for improvement but I do think you need to be realistic. Perfection is hard to find.Our room was a superior and it was lovely. What I liked was the massive bed and the hydromassage bath which was very enticing after a day's worth of sightseeing. The bathroom was very impressive and spotlessly clean. The only downside to our stay was that the barman would not allow us to have our complimentary drink in our room. We HAD to have it at the bar and he refused point blank to give us our drinks to take away. To be fair, what difference does it make to the hotel where we drink it?? After all it is down to them in keeping a good reputation and keeping their guests happy. Its the personal touches that make the difference. Perhaps he was having a bad day?Anyway, the reception staff were very helpful and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mohinder
<Content>Not Great Me and My wife stayed at the San Gallo Palace for 3 noghts in late Jan 06. Firtsly the hotel is miles away from any of the main attactions, and the walk back and forth got quite tiresome each day, The hotel in general was of good standard, on arrival we were allocated a twin room, but this was changed to a much bigger room, brakfust was good, however the televison channels are limited, with harldy any english specking chanels. Overall I would stay somewhere a bit more central next time.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very pleasant experience My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. We thought this was a perfect length of time to be in Florence which is lovely and filled with great art and architecture, but somewhat overrun by tourist stands and shops.LOCATIONWe very much enjoyed the 15/20 minute walk to the city center. I am naturally a cautious person, but I felt very safe and enjoyed window shopping along the way. I can't imagine this being too long of a walk, but looking back at some of the lower reviews it must be too far away for some travellers. If you are in town for a soccer match (any soccer match will do) go to the great pub just a short walk down Via Cavour on your right. We enjoyed Alfredos, especially the peppered mussels appetizer, but my eggplant pasta dish had a strange flavor to it. There is a german beer garden type place on Via Madonna D. Tossa but we received some pretty rude service here which was unfortunate because otherwise it seemed like a nice place. Maybe they liked to keep it tourist-free.BEDROOMThe bedroom was nicely decorated with updated furniture. The bed was pretty comfortable. There is a digital safe that you can use for free.SERVICEWe had just stayed at a top-notch Westin in Rome, but found the service at San Gallo to be even better. The complimentary drink (wine, sparkling wine, or juice) was a nice touch and the bartender was extremely helpful and nice. I had read some reviews about the hotel charging extra when booking reservations for certain events so we avoided doing this. I trust that the staff will resolve this issue.BREAKFASTThe breakfast is excellent - several nice cheese, croissants (try the cheese-filled one!), cakes, eggs (add salt), bacon, fruit galore - but the espresso drinks are TERRIBLE and cost extra!! I was reminded of this horrible herbal murky-black tea that my acupuncturist once made for me, but without the health benefits. I never tried the regular coffee, sticking to tea from then on as a safety measure.Overall, I would definitely stay here again if I return to Florence. (However, probably won't return because it's the type of place I think you need to see just once.)  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AdventurousColorado
<Content>Excellent Service We stayed at the San Gallo for the last two nights of our trip to Tuscany back in October '05. Our room was spacious, the bathroom huge and all tastefully modern. Our room overlooked the courtyard, which was lovely. Even though the hotel is on a major street, we were not bothered by noise. The front desk staff went out of their way to make sure we were accommodated on many different levels. We had taxis arrive immediately after requesting them, they made dinner reservations for us at busy restaurants (and when one wasn't open until the evening, the desk staff passed the request on to the evening staff to take care of-which it was). They provided us with great directions and were generally helpful, always. We found this hotel to be above a typical 3 star hotel. It is a great value for what we paid compared to other hotels in the area. Note: we like to walk, but this hotel is a bit away from the main attractions, so for some that may be an issue.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenkos
<Content>A bit overrated. We stayed in the San Gallo Palace, Nov 05. while the hotel is extremely clean and modern it is a bit out of the way. It is a good 15-20m walk to the main attractions and any decent restraunts, it is not a bad walk however with many stalls markets along the way. The room we had however was ice cold even with the airconditioning on full blast, which was strange as the bathroom was sweltering hot. While checking out we also heard another couple complaing about this problem. Overall it is a nice place but seemed to be a bit more geared for business people than tourists.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Simao
<Content>Hotel is okay, but perhaps over-rated I have mixed feelings for this hotel after seeing so many glowing reports. First what's good - huge rooms, we had a superior room and the size is probably more than double what one would normally get in Europe for the same price; the rooms are also well maintained and very clean. What we don't like about the place - whilst the staff are overall friendly, the manager is the devious type that tried to charge us EUR60 for making reservations for two to the Uffizi and the Accademia, a 50% mark-up on doing it yourself (less than EUR40 for two)!!! I am happy to tip the concierge for service but to earn a profit margin without telling guests is totally unacceptable if not devious. He also tried to put us into a Russian restaurant when we wanted Italian food and gave the impression we can't change the booking!!!Other things we don't like, in spite of the size the room is bland and lacks character. As for the location, it is a long walk and the area is not great.My recommendation - give up a bit of the space and go for something with a bit more character closer to the old town, and avoid getting ripped off by the manager.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Susie-Loo
<Content>Ab Fab! Lovely hotel and great value. The walk to and from the sights was no problem - in fact it was a treat to get away from the crowds at the end of the day. Thoroughly recommend Alfredos for dinner, not so keen on Mimmo's - school canteen layout and menu not brilliant plus house wine is E16 and only E11 elsewhere! Balvodino's next to Santa Croce is great for lunch - superb location and good quality food.Was a little concerned about using Terravision to transfer from Pisa airport but it was fine - very clean, comfortable and coach half-empty. Ryanair is a different story.Back to the hotel though, it was probably one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RachaelD
<Content>San Gallo - What a Gem Like many more before me have stated, the San Gallo is a fabulous hotel. Just on the outskirts of the city centre on an exceptionally busy junction the San Gallo sits in a quiet corner. From our room we could not tell how much traffic was passing by. The reception you get from the hotel staff when you arrive is way above what I have recieved at any other European hotel. You are invited for a welcome drink in the bar, served by a very nice gentleman.The rooms are exceptionally spacious and very clean. Everything you need is provided. And what can I say about that shower. Its big enough for a family to fit it. After a long days sight seeing the shower is exceptionally inviting and the massage heads work wonders on aching mussles. The pillow menu is a nice touch as well.Breakfast at the hotel once again is a pleasure, you are served in a light airey basement restaurant. The waitress is exceptionally quick to provide you with a hot drink of your choice, there is a wide variety of hot and cold dishes to choose from including eggs and bacon for us English.The hotels location is about a 10 min stroll from the Duomo taking the Via San Gallo. Florence itself is very easy to get around on foot and there are plenty of small restaurants near to the hotel.Overall fab place to stayRachel UK  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmd05
<Content>Loved the San Gallo Palace My husband and I stayed at the San Gallo Palace the last week in November for 5 nights. Originally we were scheduled for another hotel closer to the rail station but changed our mind after reading reviews here. We were very glad that we did! The hotel was very nicely appointed and refurbished. Our room and bathroom were large by European standards, spotlessly clean, and the bed/pillows were the best we ever had in a hotel! Breakfast was more than adequate to start the day and the location was great. There are several really good local restaurants in the neighborhood and it was just a short walk to the Duomo and other sites. Actually, it was nice to get away from the busy areas at the end of the day and a good way to get exercise while traveling. The hotel staff was excellent! can't say enough about their hospitality. The hotel has a great little bar where were able to enjoy a glass of wine and have good conversations with staff and other guests at the end of a day. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience and we would not hesitate to stay there again. Hopefully the San Gallo will not change its current level of service and amenities.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ssvancouver
<Content>Nice hotel but a bit of a walk My husband and I stayed here at the beginnng of October 2005. We are a young couple and usually stay at above average accomodations. The San Gallo was pretty nice with large rooms by European standards. The front desk staff was very helpful with information, especially Lucca (?),who helped my husband plan a special birthday dinner.The room was modern and kept very clean as was the bathroom. We stayed in room 311, which we recommend. Some other rooms,especially on the ground floor, are not as nice. The only hassle about this hotel is that it is an almost 15 minute walk to the Duomo/tourist areas. This doesn't sound like much but it does get tiresome if your there for more than a few days. That said, it's a pretty minor complaint. We ate nearby at a great restaurant called Pantarei, full of locals (less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel).The food was wonderful,authentic fare,and the prices were quite modest. Dessert is a must as most of them are prepared fresh daily. Another restaurant we recommend is Taverna del Bronzino, about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Fine, traditional Tuscan food in a formal setting. Expensive but worth it. One of our most memorable meals in Italy, exceeded only by the service.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>incredible service Stayed at the san gallo 20/11/05 for three nights with my wife, attractive building lovely decor the bathroom was the cleenest in my hotel history,great room also, the breakfast was first class good location 15 to 20 mins to all historic central sites,above all the staff and service were outstanting 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmbmommy
<Content>Good price, not a convenient location       San Gallo Palace at night  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AMSCSS
<Content>Great Hotel in lovely city Just back from 4 nights at the San Gallo Palace and it met all our expectations based on the reviews we'd red on tripadvisor.The hotel is very nice and has been decorated recently to a high standard. The room we were in was a standard double and it was very spacious compared to other hotels we've stayed in in Europe. Our room was to the front of the hotel which overlooked a very busy traffic junction but despite this you couldn't hear any noise from outide at all and that was before we'd shut the shutters!The bathroom was also very nice and contained a speaked which allowed you to listen to the TV in the bathroom.The room itself was very comfortable and I particularly liked the flat screen TV with a good choice of TV channles and also a selection of music which you can listen to and also Internet access (at a cost) through a cordless keyboard. The room also contained a safe which was free to use, and the pillow menu was a novelty but we didn't actually request a different pillow.The location of the hotel is also good - about 10 minute walk to the Accademia and 15-20 minutes to the Duomo and the Uffizi. However, being a little bit away from the centre led us to try less touristy restaurants which the hotel staff reccommended (such as Alfredos and Pantarei).Overall, we thouroughly enjoyed our stay here and would reccommend it to friends, or we'd stay there again if we were visiting Florence again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel and staff I had very high expectations of this hotel on the basis of the other tripadvisor reviews and I am pleased to say we weren't disappointed. We asked for a quiet room with a garden view, and it was a perfect oasis of calm. The hotel is a little walk from the centre, but you need the exercise to counteract the effect of all the delicious Italian food. Not to mention the breakfast, which I was really impressed by. The hotel staff were all extremely polite and friendly and we were very sad to leave. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dean&Christina
<Content>We highly recommend the San Gallo Florence is a relatively small city with most of the attractions and restaurants around the East of the city centre. Whilst this hotel is North of the city it is located by a well known Piazza (which makes it easy to find) and is only 15 minutes walk from the main area in the city. The hotel itself has beautiful roooms and extremely friendly and helpful staff who speak excellent English.We'd certainly go to this Hotel again and would recommend it to friends.Hope you enjoy!! - Dean  Christina, Manchester, England  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Scotalot
<Content>Lovely Hotel Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in October 2005. It is situated about a 20 minute walk from the center of Florence in a nice area. Our room was very clean, comfortable and nicely furnished. The staff was very friendly, helpful and accommodating.A great buffet breakfast is included. The best part, you can select off the menu and have breakfast delivered to your room at the time of your choice for only 6,50 euro delivery fee. No fee for the food itself.Tried a great restaurant at the recommendation of the hotel - Restaurant Mimmo, about a 10 minute walk down San Gallo Ave (on the right sight of the street when walking towards the center of town). Great food, reasonably priced. The pesto is to die for.Definitely recommend this hotel. Will stay here again next time in Florence.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfort and good service off the beaten track Excellent, helpful staff, who made good suggestions for dining and sightseeing (Semidivino on San Gallo was our favourite), and a comfortable, modern hotel off the beaten track, but within walking distance of the centre of Florence, made this a great place to stay.Yes, you are just away from the hub of things, but you are therefore more likely to dine with the locals, and see the real Florence. My friends wallet fell out of her bag onto the pavement whilst we sat outside a nearby cafe and a local person stopped to tell her - imagine that happening on the Ponte Vecchio, where we actually watched the pickpockets rifling tourists handbags within sight of 2 policemen!San Gallo is smaller hotel, clean, well furnished, and comes highly recommended. By the way, it also has excellent fire systems with automatic closing doors and screens in the event of a fire as we discovered during a (false) fire alarm.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Larsue
<Content>Courtesy and Comfort at The San Gallo It certainly was a little tricky to find but the effort was worthwhile. Front desk were always helpful and arranged valet parking and return. Beautiful room in a quiet location overlooking the rear garden.(214) It is a 20 minute walk to the main sights but a 5 minute stroll across the Piazza de la Liberte (careful over the roads-use the crossings) brings you to bus stops (7,11,13,) We found Alfredos a convenient spot for dinner used mainly by local residents but try and book.They open at 7.30pm.(055 578291 viale Don Minzale 3/r).Marvellous selection for breakfast. Courteous capable barmen for pre-dinner or cocktail drinks. All in all as you probably gather an experiece to remember.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>go for the service You can tell the management here concentrates on service and it shows. They folks at the front desk were all very nice and patient in helping us get around and plan our time in Florence. Our room was nice and clean, and they have a great media system in the room with automated wake-up calls and internet (which is expensive.. like everything else in Italy). The audio from the TV also streams into the bathroom so you listen to the news while in the shower. I liked that.The hotel is not in the middle of the action, but it's easy to catch the bus into the center of town. There is a stop right by the Duomo.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, friendly staff,  Just returned from the San Gallo Palace. Not easy to find if you are driving. Check in easy and went to our beautiful room. I have stayed in many five star hotels in Europe, this room was as nice as any in Europe. Phillips LCD TV hanging on our wall, a shower that I would die for to have in my own home. Four adjustable jets plus the shower head. Contempory Italian styling throughout the hotel with mahagony wood. Great breakfast included in the room price. Parking a little difficult, but not too bad at a nearby public parking spot. Overall, a great hotel and location.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel in Florence This is a great little hotel in Florence. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are very modern. We had a whirlpool tub and a shower massage in our bathroom. We also had a nice little balcony, and it was very quiet on the back side of the hotel. The front side may be a little noisy as it is near a major traffic circle. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Parking was convenient. The only negative is the hotel is a 20-25 minute walk to the sights (which was a bit of a pain when it was raining).  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChunkyLola
<Content>Modern luxury at an affordable price Stayed at the San Gallo for two nights. The website's pictures for the outside of the hotel certainly do not do it justice - as it looks a lot better in person. Rooms were very modern and contained everything we required. Staff were very helpful, for booking taxis etc. And the hotel bar served excellent cocktails. Would definitely return as it was great value and nice to be located outwith the bustling tourist areas.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>V. Good. San Gallo Palace Hotel was excellent 鈥?I booked it (as others have) on the recommendations from this site. We had a good room that had a queen size bed and a super power shower with side jets (big enough for two!). There was something for everyone at breakfast. The hotel was easily accessible from the train station by taxi and cost around 8/9 euros. It is on a busy road but well worth the value compared to other 4 star hotels in Florence. We did not bother with the buses to the historical centre as we found it easier to walk there (I am not a fast walker and would say 15 鈥?20 mins). We pre-booked tickets to the Accedemia to see David through the hotel for 15 euros each (this was a little pricey but to jump the horrendous queues it was worth it). If you read the review from the kind person in Aylesbury about this hotel you will note they mention a local restaurant called Alfredo鈥檚 and Semidivino (on Via San Gallo). We tried both and I favoured Semidivino (mainly because there were tables outside where you could eat and then smoke 鈥?which I am amazed in amongst all the reviews everybody failed to mention there is no smoking in public places in Italy anymore 鈥?does nobody smoke anymore 鈥?or was I the last to know?. There is a good little Irish bar about half way down on the San Gallo Road called Finnigans 鈥?run by a Scotsman called Simon. He was a good source of information and served a good pint of Guinness. You pay the same price in there whether you sit or stand not like the local places. It was a great place to stop off on the way back to the hotel after a busy day sightseeing.Pick up a free map from reception, put on some good walking shoes, grab your camera and enjoy Florence 鈥?top tip 鈥?take a deep breath and do the long trek up the Duomo (the Dome) for the views 鈥?it is worth it.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The ONLY Place to Stay in Florence! Great Hotel, Great location! The service was great and if you need a car service, ask them to call Sergio - he can take you to the hotel, to the train station or for a real treat for E250 to Tuscany/Chianti for wine tastings and tour. (Just don't go Sunday - most are closed and ask him to make some reservations for you). San Gallo is located 10 minute walk from Duomo and Ponte Vecchio so don't be fooled, stay a few minutes away to benefit from this NEW, CLEAN, Business Style hotel in the heart of Florence.The rooms are big with separate room for internet access or wireless in the lobby. Super Clean and nice breakfast in the morning.The only complaint was a lack of food afterhours as room service is limited or non-existent but two great restaurants are just around the corner; Alfredo's for Pizza and Pasta and across the street Perseus for Meat but you MUST try the Pennete con Carne and Gniocchi al Pesto.We will stay here anytime and refer all our friends to San Gallo Palace.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RoadLite
<Content>A Great Place in Florence - The San Gallo Palace       Bathroom at The San Gallo Palace  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aikster
<Content>Room without a view Big room, comfy bed, well equipped and large bathroom. Given the hustle and bustle of Florence this was a great hotel - it is on a main road and the traffic is busy but internally it is very quiet and you don't notice the traffic noise at all. Staff are very friendly and helpful and the reception and lounge area very welcoming and stylish. Only downside was that our ground floor room had a shuttered window which didn't open, made the room dark and mean't we didn't have a view ! Despite this, we both liked the hotel and would be happy to return.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall very, very satisfied My wife and I made reservations with the San Gallo Place based on the good reviews in this forum. We stayed for a total of 8 nights and were very satisfied. This web page is so helpful and we do not regret to have paid 100.00 Euro per night. The hotel is very clean, the staff professional and friendly, the breakfast was fantastic. If I would have to find a minor bad point, I'd say that the walls in our room were pretty thin since we could hear the neighbors from time to time when they were talking. We took the bus to the city which cost only 1 Euro per person. I do not think that we could have walked to the city (Uffizi, etc.) within 15 Minutes. We would highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mabelmac
<Content>Brilliant place to stay Wonderful place to stay. The hotel was lovely, very clean (bedding and towels changed every day), very friendly and the breakfast was very varied (yoghurts, fresh fruit, hams, cheeses, scrambled eggs, sausage, 'bacon', tomatoes, cereals, croissants, juices, cakes and goodies. I wouldn't hesitate in staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed at the San Gallo Palace from Aug 20th to 27th and loved it. The staff was extremely helpful and kind. The room and bath was clean and the bed comfortable. The area was very quiet but still within reasonable walking distance to the downtown area (15 minutes). We even walked to the train station on a few occasions (15 minutes). The only complaint might be that I found the breakfast a bit bland (eggs were a bit too bland and watery). The parking garage was close by and reasonable (10euros with hotel discount) and was charged directly to the room which was nice. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again. This was my first visit to Florence and the hotel staff made it very pleasant!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book with confidence - excellent value We stayed a week at the San Gallo, returning on August 28th. Location out of the centre does require a short walk buts its quiet and burns off all those calories from the pasta. It must be one of the best value hotels we have stayed at. Only someone with the highest expectations could fail to be impressed. Hotel is quiet, very clean and modern. The Pitti Palace was our favourite attraction and good value entrance fee. Climb to the top of the dome - its worth the view. A few tips - dont expect cars to stop if you are on a zebra crossing unless the pedestrain light is on green. Expect to be approached with begging bowls when you are in the centre - be firm and they will leave you alone. Barter hard in the markets. Take the asking price as a guide only.There are only a couple of restaurants in the immediate area of the hotel. One is to be recommended - Alfredos, where you can eat well and cheaply and the service is good. The other - Perseus, least said the better. There is a nice and cheap restaurant on the San Gallo (road name!!) about halfway into the centre on the left hand side. It is called Semidivino and you would normally not give it a second look but would recommend a stop on your way back for a meal. Not easy to spot the name!Would certainly recommend the hotel to any family or friends.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>argoddess
<Content>Great Hotel, Location Perfect I stayed at the San Gallo for seven nights the second week of my Italian honeymoon, and found it to be one of the nicest hotels at which I have ever stayed. The location of the hotel is perfect - very close (10-15 min. walk/5 min. bus ride) to the historic center (i.e. Duomo, Palazzo Vecchio, etc.). I am so glad we did not stay right in the touristy area, as some of these hotels looked run down and subject to lots of noise and annoying crowds! Our room was spacious and pleasantly decorated, with a large walk-in closet, vaulted ceilings, and a large bathroom. There were just a few problems:1. We requested a king or queen size bed and were instead given a room with 2 twins (a bit annoying since this was our honeymoon!). We were told that the beds would be put together the next day into a king bed. So the first night we had to sleep in separate beds! The next day after our room was cleaned, the beds were still apart, so we spent a second night of our honeymoon in separate beds. How romantic...2. Our neighbor's bathroom abutted our room and the plumbing was so loud! It didn't help that we had weirdo neighbors who wanted to take baths and yell at each other at 1:00 in the morning, but we could hear the water running and their conversations as if they were in our room!3. Shower had no door, water ran out all over the floor every day.Despite these minor inconveniences, the stay at San Gallo was wonderful. Staff was very friendly, breakfast was delicious and quite hearty, room was great - we would definitely stay here again!Here are some tips for Florence that I picked up as we explored this beautiful city:- If you're staying for a week, but a 7 day bus pass - it costs 16 euro and is worth it! Buy your ticket from the ATAF kiosk at the train station and be sure to ask for a bus map w/ all the routes. To get to San Gallo from S.M. Novella station, take bus 25 to Piazza Liberta. To get to the historic center from the hotel, cross over P. Liberta to Via Cavour and take any of the buses from this stop (1,7,25,33) - All Italians do NOT speak English; invest in a phrase book (Rick Steves or Lonely Planet's are both good bets). - Lonely Planet's Florence guide is excellent for getting a full cultural, historical, and artistic experience on your trip - don't waste your money by joining a tour group, just have a good city guide!- Do as the Italians do and take a siesta in the afternoon to keep you going!- Museums: you can reserve tickets ahead, but is not really necessary for most places. Museo dell opera del Duomo, Museo del Bargello, Museo di San Marco, and Palazzo Pitti are all wonderful and have no lines. For Galleria Accademia, Palazzo Vecchio, and the Uffizi, get there 15 minutes before they open and you shouldn't have a long line or you can reserve ahead.- There are so many fabulous churches to see; my favorites were San Marco, SS Annunziata, and Chiesa di San Miniato al Monte in Oltrano (from this Romanesque church, you get the most breathtaking view of the entire city! take bus 13 to Piazzale Michelangelo and then walk up the road and climb up the steps you eventually come to - it's a hike, but it's worth it)- Take a day to get away from the bustle of the city and take bus 28 to the Castello stop which brings you to the Medici Villas - this was quite possibly the most memorable part of my trip. Villa Castello and Villa Petraia are very close to each other and are absolutely gorgeous. For 1.50 euro per person (so cheap!), you can visit both. The Grotto of the Animals at Castello is whimsical and fantastic, and at Petraia, you can visit both the terraced gardens overlooking all of Florence and inside the villa. The best part - we were the only people there!Florence is the most beautiful city - you're going to love it!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it's true         
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish we had booked more days here! We spent two nights here in July, 2005 and really wished we had stayed longer! The hotel staff could not have been nicer. The breakfasts were wonderful with fresh cooked eggs, plus an assortment of yogurts, fruits, breads and beverages to your order. This hotel was absolutely spotless. The beds were comfortable and the location was very quiet. We received a complementary champagne cocktail on arrival. We are used to walking moderately long distances and had no problem walking to all the major sites in town. For those who are not walkers, there is bus and taxi service readily available. We scheduled a late train to Pisa and the porter had our luggage stored until we were ready to leave. This allowed us to spend the better part of a 3rd day sightseeing in Florence. I would highly recommend this hotel for all travelers.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel       View from our balcony  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fset
<Content>Great rooms, location, staff, and a pillow menu! We loved the San Gallo Palace. It's a renovated villa, north of the Duomo and Galleria Academia (15 min walk). It is an ideal location for those who want to be close to the center, but not sacrafice peace and quiet.Our room was tastefully decorated with a king bed, and was clean, modern, and quiet with a marble bath, and a long tub long.The pillow menu is an original idea that I think will be soon copied by top notch hotels. We ordered our different pillow, from a menu of 6 different (with springs, allergenic, orthopedic, baby sized, down/feather, natural latex medium support, and orthopedic natural latex firm support). Service is prompt and professional, from our pillow delivery to front desk reception recommendation of restaurants.Breakfast was buffet, with full fare eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, cold cuts, breads, pasteries, juice and coffee/tea. Service was effecient and the meal was pleasant.Without having to pay a lot for parking in Florence (typically 30 euros/day), we were able to park in a closeby garage for 10 Euros (hotel had an arrangement with that garage)A real test of a hotel's cleanliness is whether or not I need to take allergy meds. I'm happy to say I didn't need to take any!Thank you San Gallo Palace -- our stay in Florence was so enjoyable and memorable!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We stayed for one night at the hotel and loved it! The room was immaculate and the bathroom and shower were very good.StaffStaff were kind and helpful - our tv broke and we were offered another room by an attentive staff member. It was nice to see that they were quick at trying to resolve our problems.PriceWe payed approx 拢70UK and it was definitely worth it.BreakfastThe breakfast was a very nice buffet breakfast with a lot of choice. ParkingThe only downer was the parking. We could only park outside for half an hour, the receptionist told us that she was waiting for some discount cards to come back(from customers) for the local multi storey, bringing it down from 15 to 10 euros. Unfortuntley they did not come back in time so we had to pay full price-you would think that they could offer every customer a discount.As we were only there one day it was not too bad, however if you were there for a few days that could mount up!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The San Gallo I have stayed in many hotels in Florence but this year stayed at the San Gallo for the first time. The hotel was charming, spotless and extremely well equipped. It is only 10 minutes to the Duomo etc. and a pleasant walk.The staff were all exceptionally pleasant and helpful and Effat in the bar/restaurant was always welcoming with a smile, efficient service and food offerring. The only negative was the limited menu in the restaurant, that I often frequent as a single traveller. I would recommend this hotel to friends and business colleagues,(especiaslly since the Fortessa De Basso is a 5 minute walk away).  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't fault it After reading the reports on this hotel we booked rooms. We were not disappointed and the reviews are spot on. The hotel is modern, clean, comfortable, cool, chic and this is all supported by friendly and professional staff.I cannot recommend it too highly.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderlust73
<Content>Excellent hotel A charming hotel walking distance from the Duomo. The rooms were a great size by European standards. Lazio the concierge was excellent and the staff for the most part was always willing to help. Its a great place to stay and we would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a relatively inexpensive hotel (we paid 120 euros a night) close to the sights of Florence yet not too busy a location.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent Hotel Just returned from a very enjoyable 4 night stay at the San Gallo Palace Hotel.Cannot fault this hotel in any way.This lovely hotel is spotlessly clean as was our nicely decorated room. The room came with a very comfy bed and pillow menu (I kid you not!) and a large balcony, enabling us to sit outside which was an added bonus!! The room was completely quite and peaceful with the balcony doors closed. The bathroom was also very nice and we had no problem at all with the water as some other users have mentioned. Breakfast was fine and the staff were pleasant  friendly. There is a 15min stroll into the center of Florence but if this is not an issue we would definitely recommend this hotel to you, and will stay here again on our return to Florence.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>evth
<Content>lovely My stay at the San Gallo Palace was lovely, the hotel is a true gem. My friend and I had rooms down the hall from each other and we both were pleased with everything the hotel had to offer us. We chose the hotel due to all the wonderful Trip Advisor reviews. Cleanliness and serenity is an absolute imperative for me when it comes to accomodations. The San Gallo Palace Hotel met every aspect of that and more. My room was terrific and the rate was a cool deal. There is a calm, cool and collective ambience to the hotel. Chic and cozy, too. Good breakfast set up. It is a pleasant and brisk walk into the heart of Firenze (Attn: Shoppers take Via Ginori/San Gallo from and to the hotel, lots of nice shops--the Suite Shop has cool leather  Come Sopra has neat bags  jewelry). Grazie and prego to the diligent staff. My Florentine holiday was complete. Bravo!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I am proud of my choice it was for our honeymoon, and my husband is one of the pickiest men in earth in terms of hotels. Well, i will say just one word, san gallo palace was flawless. the service was excellent, not to mention breakfast, rooms, and the information desk. we chose this hotel based on your reviews, and i hope this review would be helpful for your choice.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>janps
<Content>Terrific , you won't be disappointed- Stayed here because of the reviews I read - and was not disappointed! A short walk from the train station and a 10 - 15 min walk to the sights. It was easy to find. We drove there then dropped off our car. Don't need the car here. We stayed in a room on the first floor - had a small room as we entered with a twin bed and a desk and our very own large patio! And I mean large! Walked thru a short hall with walk in closet on one side with pant press and safe, large very clean modern bathroom with the best shower and jacuzzi tub on the other side. Hall leads to large bedroom with real king bed, small table and 2 chairs, TV, and a desk with internet access. All air conditioned which was needed this June! Decent breakfast included either in room or downstairs. Very nice small bar area. Bartenders can mix a good martini. Nice staff who spoke English.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel My husband and I are just getting back from the San Gallo Palace. As the previous reviews mention, it is a little outside of the center of Florence, but we found this to be an advantage. It was nice to return from the busy center to relax in the evening.The front desk staff was very helpful. They assisted me in arranging a tour to Siena. Language was never a problem. All staff members spoke English without any difficulty.Our room was large and comfortable. The marble bathroom had a tub and shower. The breakfast buffet was very good with croisants, breads, fresh fruit, eggs, bacon, cereals, yogurt, fresh juice, coffee and tea. The inroom safe kept our travel documents and valuables out of site. There was hair dryer and ironing board for your use.The SAn Gallo Palace was a perfect hotel for our trip to Florence.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>atyourservice
<Content>A beauty off the beaten path! We chose to stay at the San Gallo Palace from May 25 thru May 29 as a result of positive critiques we reviewed on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. It was everything everyone reported it to be; a newly renovated, tastefully decorated, clean hotel. We stayed in 5 different hotels during our 3 week journey thru Europe and when we arrived at the San Gallo we found our room to be exactly what is shown on the website鈥?no surprises! While it was lacking the 鈥渙ld world charm鈥?so many of us want when traveling to Europe it also lacked the characteristic idiosyncrasies associated with pre-20th century architecture. The only departure from this was that the water temperature in the shower was very inconsistent, meaning no warm water; it was hot or it was cold鈥?no in between. When we first arrived the air conditioning was inoperative but was repaired immediately upon our reporting it. The staff was efficient but not overly cordial however, any questions or concerns we posed were addressed promptly (with the exception of the water issue which we did not report, we just got used to doing 鈥渟hower laps鈥?. We were impressed with how spacious our room (and bathroom) was as well as the double paned windows, which allowed us to sleep soundly at night. Also a nice touch was the mirrored closets with drawer space and a personal safe to keep your valuables. While the hotel is located about 15 to 20 minute walk from the city center we never felt uncomfortable walking to and from after dark. We did get a good tip on a restaurant (Flexo) from the hotel bartender, which led us to some good times with some locals and other tourists! We also tried another restaurant that we found on a cooking website that was fabulous!!! It is called Trattoria Ruggero and is located on Via Senese near Porta Romano. Call ahead to make reservations as it only has about 10 tables and is not open every day. We tried the seafood risotto and the roast pork loin; both were just to die for!!! It definitely is worth the trek across town. In summary the San Gallo was a good choice and a great value for the money. We would stay there again and recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We stayed at the San Gallo Palace in May 05. The location is great, approx 15 mins leisurely walk from the Duomo, through a lovely area. The hotel was spotlessly clean. Beautiful rooms. Staff were helpful and a very good breakfast is provided in an area downstairs with a terrace. I would definately book this hotel again. Excellent value.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjj127
<Content>4* Bargain Just returned from a 4 night stay at this fab hotel just north of the historic centre. Having trawled through various websites to get a good price it turned out that that the one quoted by the hotel directly was the best - 120 Euros per night inc breakfast. Room was large and v quiet, infact we didn't hear a sound when the windows were closed and not much when they were open! They even offer a menu for pillows!Breakfast was pretty good, cereals, fruit juices, fresh + tinned fruit, various breads, pastries and cakes, cold meat/cheeses + couple of hot dishes - scrambled eggs, bacon and sausages. Front desk staff were very welcoming and helpful and give us some recommendations on where to eat in the immediate area as we didn't always want to walk too far having walked so much during the day. Worth a mention are Perseus for Florentine steak which was out of this world and the restaurant opposite - can't remember the name but it began with A and they served a mean pizza aswell as various pasta/meat dishes. Hotel also recommended Pantarei for Pizza but didn't think they were that great - much better at restaurant beginning with A!Had made bookings before we left both Accademia + Uffizi but found that there was no queue at Accademia around 17.30 so walked straight in and saved $3 each booking fee. Likewise Uffizi had v short queue around 14.00 so in total had 12 Euros more to spend on ice cream!San Gallo Palace is a good 10/15 min walk into the centre so don't stay here if you want to be really central or don't like walking. We found it no problem and it was nice to escape the hoards of tourists swarming the main areas.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>keira78
<Content>New and Clean If you're looking for a hotel with American standards, this is it. It's a new, super clean hotel with large bathrooms. The breakfast isn't great, but the coffee is good. The staff is friendly and helpful. The hotel is about a ten minute walk from the Accadamia and the Duomo. The pillows are soft, a rarity in Italy.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QueenM
<Content>The best hotel in Florence We loved this hotel! And, looking back at our 12 day vacation, it was probably our favorite we stayed at in Italy. It takes about 15 minutes to walk into the center of town, but we didn't mind that at all. You walk everywhere in Florence, so this is no different. The amenities were updated and modern. Nice marble tops in the bathroom. I will definitely stay here again if I go to Florence again. Would recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gamogirl
<Content>Great value; Not quite perfect Room: Double Classic for 4 nightsPros: Super clean, sofitel style decor (dark wood). Bathrooms vary, but generally adequate size. Nice details- built in wardrobe with ample room and safe; most rooms seemed light filled with views of garden, courtyard or street; semi-firm beds with crisp sheets. Cons: Overall, staff are professional, but exasperated. Examples: Requested double bed on reservation (had actually called hotel directly)- only twins available at check-in; response from staff was akin to take it or leave it. The next day they did put beds together, which was surprisingly comfortable- did not really feel any gap. Shower alternated between scalding hot and cold water- staff response was that was not a problem, but when pressed, admitted there may be issue with whole building's water system. They did reduce our room rate for inconvenience. Felt we were bothering staff with these concerns, but requested room type and functioning facilities should be basic in any level of hotel, in my opinion. Hotel also recommended 2 late night pharmacies, which actually were not open at night. Other minor issues: Poorly stocked mini-bar; dated, dark, musty towels. Location is outside historic city center, which may be issue for some, but preferred by us.Overall: Great value for money, but don't expect staff to be sympathetic to every concern. If no issues with room and you don't encounter any unexpected needs, would be excellent choice. Would stay again for short layovers and good price (sub 150 euros).  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch! I just wanted to tell anyone that is planning a trip to Florence to check out San Gallo Palace. It is a bit out of the city center (which we loved, not so touristy). Besides the stroll into the city center was a great way to discover local shops, bakeries etc...We also found a great neighborhood family run restaurant nearby and it was one of the best meals we had on our trip.The hotel and staff were the best; the room was large and clean, with a real sized bed! Breakfast is included in the rate and it did not consist of juice and a pastry.I cannot even begin to express how wonderful our stay was there and when we do return to Florence, we WILL, without question be retuning to San Gallo Palace!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvalonJC
<Content>It was great! My husband and I spent 2 nights at the San Gallo Palace and we loved it! Our room was very nice with a small balcony. The staff were extermely friendly and helpful. The location was a little far from the center of town, but it was a short cab ride away and is in a nice area. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SJFK
<Content>Excellent Place to Stay in Florence This was a great hotel. I read the reviews on Trip Advisor and was hoping it would be as nice as the people claimed in their reviews. It was better. I would have no hesitation to stay here again for pleasure or business. The hotel was very clean, great showers, comfortable beds and everyone was very accomodating. The walk into Florence was not bad at all. The Accademia is maybe a 10 minute walk and the Duomo was about 15 to 20 minute walk. Easy and enjoyable since there is so much to see.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sdc1127
<Content>Loved the San Gallo Palace Stayed her with my husband and teenage daughter for 3 nights. Had booked a triple which ended up being a 2 room suite with a huge bathroom and balcony overlooking the front of the hotel. This arrangement essentially provided our daughter with her own room and we had a huge king bed not two twins pushed together. We thought this was an excellent value at 150E/night which included a substantial american style breakfast and taxes and they even through in a welcome drink. Even though we were in the front of the hotel facing the steet we were not affected by any street noise do to the insulated windows. The hotel provided excellent towels actually bath sheets in addition to the normal complement. The staff was very helpful and their english was excellent. The only drawback some may feel is it being removed from the center of town but we found this a plus considering the hordes of tourist in Florence. If you like to walk its only 20 to 30 minutes to the Uffizzi so don't let the location deter you from trying the San Gallo plus think of the money you'll save.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little gem of a hotel This is a fantastic hotel with lovely rooms and friendly staff. Extended our stay there because of the hospitality. The breakfasts are superb and all the staff made us feel welcome. A special mention to the bar staff who were a fountain of knowledge. We will be back before too long.If you stay in the city try Latinis Restaurant as it is superb.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PeterboroughMary
<Content>What a relief! Having stayed the previous night at the Terminus and Plaza in Pisa, en route for Florence, we were more than relieved to find the San Gallo Palace everything that we had read on Tripadvisor before we booked. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff extremely helpful. We booked a superior room which had all the facilities we expected. Although not situated in the main centre, it is easy to walk to all of the main attractions and a taxi back to the hotel when we had been walking all day and our feet were blistered only cost 7 euros. We had a great restaurant recommendation - The Perseus - from the excellent barman who attended to our every need. He also warned us that the Bistecca Florentina would be huge - which it was! so only order it if you can handle eating a huge rib of roast beef between two.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaritaJ
<Content>Great Deal The hotel is not close to the center of Florence, but the distance is very walkable. Expedia had a special deal in March, so we got a good price (and locked in the $$$). We walked back after dark a few nights and felt perfectly safe doing so. The hotel room was very clean with all amenities, plus we had a beautiful little balcony overlooking a courtyard. The breakfast included eggs, sausage, several fruit dishes, and sliced cheese and meats, along with typical cereals and bread rolls. The people at the front desk, the waiters during breakfast and the bartender at the bar were all very nice. We had one problem the last day - the heavy sliding door between the bathroom and the bedroom got stuck. We told them of the problem as we were checking out. We walked back from the train station one evening at approximately 8 pm, taking the street where I saw many of the other hotels I had looked into (mostly 2* and 3* hotels), and I was really glad we had chosen the San Gallo. This street was very busy and noisy, with construction in the middle of the road. It was nice to walk through all of that and get to the peace and quiet of the San Gallo.Restaurants recommended by the staff were all good. The pizza place (can't remember the name) nearby was inexpensive and the pizza was delicious. We had the house white wine, which was kind of bubbly (asti?) delicious and cheap! Ristorante da Mimmo was worth the 10 minute walk, and they had an English menu, which helped. We splurged there with appetizers, pasta, prima piatti and dessert - all excellent. Third place was Perseus which seemed to specialize in steak. At each of these restaurants, we were very well taken care of; everyone was very solicitous. At Perseus, one waiter who knew some English switched tables so he could help us. It was nice being a little bit away from the central tourist area!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, Clean and Good VFM As seasoned travellers to Italy, we find it extremely difficult to find good quality comfortable hotels that don't fit into either the rather dowdy traditional Italian mode or the chintzy OTT Italian 'style' - so this was a bit of a find. We had a suite, which proved good value for money, although the sitting-room was a little redundant, given the layout, and the location of the TV in the bedroom, but it gave a good feeling of space, and the balcony was an added bonus. Shower could have been better, but did the job; bed was extremely comfortable; breakfast was good standard fare; staff were friendly and helpful. Could have done with a better stocked mini bar - a limit of 2 beers and a wee packet of nuts a night was a bit frustrating!The hotel is certainly a bit of a walk from the main sites, but there are some interesting shops en route (we loved the old kitchen supplies shop with old original butchers' blocks and a choice of 150 kitchen knives for sale). Its location may well be a bonus in the busier months, allowing you to escape the crowds and the noise of an evening.Would certainly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place to stay!!   showReview(2876277, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ddavi
<Content>What a value!   showReview(2793408, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caviargal
<Content>Excellent Value!   showReview(2617983, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel   showReview(2601864, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic !   showReview(2515074, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elultimoparaiso
<Content>un romantico 4 stelle       foto presa dal sito, la nostra camera  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel sympathique   showReview(20552020, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19647928, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>juanma67
<Content>Hotel de calidad a precio razonable   showReview(19009556, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Fat_maki
<Content>Excelente y muy c贸modo   showReview(18595075, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel, camere curate e...   showReview(17740221, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander,bien qu'un peu loin du centre historique.   showReview(16605096, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Paloma62
<Content>Limpio, cuidado, trato exquisito       Exterior  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>verso un hotel a tre stelle   showReview(16605095, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il nous manque dej脿   showReview(14732069, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto   showReview(13196455, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Giudizio Camera   showReview(13196454, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo. Molto...   showReview(12648284, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>V77
<Content>Me encanto el Hotel       Habitacion  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel proche du centre ville et calme   showReview(11312365, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel se encuentra en una...   showReview(11423208, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel n'est pas luxueux, mais...   showReview(11423209, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Poca amabilidad e informaci贸n a...   showReview(11423210, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(11448734, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hondurastravelmaker
<Content>Una buena elecci贸n aunque algo lejos del centro       Variado set de accesorios  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel et employ茅s charmant 脿 recommander   showReview(11448732, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barbabarba
<Content>Hotel splendido ma tanta scortesia...   showReview(8140541, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit Stil   showReview(11422365, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>serventine
<Content>***ein 4 Sterne Hotel mit CityRandlage wie es sein soll***   showReview(7570690, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚ner und idealer Ausgangspunkt f眉r Erkundung Florenz   showReview(11422363, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>enchant茅   showReview(11401878, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A la valeur d'un hotel 4 茅toiles   showReview(11386151, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11386124, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati molto...   showReview(11423212, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy satisfecho de haber...   showReview(11423214, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon H么tel , Chambre...   showReview(11423216, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Purtroppo al mio arrivo non...   showReview(11423217, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La localizzazione sulla mappa...   showReview(11423218, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La camera da noi ricevuta non...   showReview(11423213, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel h么tel moderne 脿 15 minutes...   showReview(11423215, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel nos gusto mucho...   showReview(11423219, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel enti猫rement neuf, donc...   showReview(11423220, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cette hotel est 脿 l'entr茅e du...   showReview(11423221, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un 4 stelle con un ottimo...   showReview(11423222, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Enti猫rement satisfait de la...   showReview(11423223, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel. Posizione...   showReview(16724774, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est脿 en una zona...   showReview(13695378, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de tres bonne qualit茅...   showReview(11423224, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

