<Author>CaliforniaOntheGoMom
<Content>Great location, cheap parking within walking distance After reading a few reviews on this hotel, I booked it and hoped for the best. The front staff was very friendly and permitted us to check in early on Christmas Day. My sister who was traveling with us was also checked in early.The rooms were nice, not fancy but not subpar, they even had a pillow menu which we never used since we were fine with the pillows we had. The bathroom was tiny but served it's purpose and I would say that would be my only disappointment in the room.We did the buffet the 1st morning but it was alittle pricey. I recommend walking across the street to Cafe Peregonia I believe is the name, its a small place, big portions and nice service. I remember the green awning and that its next to a bicycle shop.Now for parking which is very expensive, DO NOT PARK at the hotel unless you want to part with $40 a day. We parked our cars overnight on the street, BUT we moved it at 7am to nearby parking garages such as the Anchorage Garage for an early bird special of $12 a day, don't bother moving your car from the garage until 7p when the meters do not need to be fed any coins. The cable cars, Ghiradelli square, Fishermans Wharf are all within 3 blks from the hotel and just head up Columbus for great Italian and if you venture further up you will come uopn Chinatown.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kiwimeggles
<Content>Great hotel in great location Stayed at the holiday inn fishermans wharf in early December. I was travelling alone before meeting up with friends in Las Vegas. This hotel was recommended by my travel agent and i found it to be fantastic. My room was huge with 2 queen beds and a large bathroom and very clean. The staff were very helpful - after arriving from australia and realising i had left tickets at home for various tours the concierge was very helpful in contacting the tour companies for me. This hotel is so close to fishermans wharf, the cannery, Ghiradelli factory and pier 39 . A short 5 mins walk will take you to the powell and hyde cable car. There are plenty of restaurants close by and also a safeway supermarket and walgreens just around the corner. I had no problems walking around the area alone at night, i felt completely safe, there were always plenty of people around. There are two great cafes across the road that offer great and cheap breakfasts if you want to eat out. I would definately stay here again!!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JLMFSU
<Content>Holiday inn @ the wharf Priceline'd this for $85 a night, then realized I needed an additional night and payed $265. Not a smooth move. However, the hotel was very good. Comfy beds, clean, and new feeling. It's walking distance to plenty of things. Parking is expensive - $40+ a night, but it's almost the same everywhere in San Francisco. Bottom line...it's a good hotel and close to many things, just try to not pay full price.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>darylgomm
<Content>Great Hotel in a Fab Location This hotel is a great base for the Sanh Francisco tourist in the fabulous location right on the doorstep of Fishermans Wharf.Many restraunts are near by and is also within walking distance of famous Pier 39.Downtown San Francisco is easily accesible by cable car, tram or bus. take the tram up hilly Lombard and you will get the great views San Francisco has to offer.This hotel is big with two buildings, it has a fitness center, swimming pool and a fantastic business level with free internet access.The rooms are an average size with a desk, 2 double beds and a bathroom. I would advise using the inroom safe.The bathroom is small compared to other US hotel bathrooms I have stayed in. The rooms are kept very tidy witha maid service everyday, linen was cahnged twice during my 3 night stay. The TV was great with 40 TV Channels, mostly US ENglish language howver there was a spanish channel as well as a Japanese channel.Overall this hotel is a great base for the San Francisco tourist as well as business travellers with it's great business facilities.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>manonspot
<Content>handy location This hotel was 3 day pre cruise to Mexico.The hotel is split into 2 blocks,we were in the faraway one so make sure when you check in they deliver your bags to room as it is a long walk.The room we had was adequate for what we needed but it faced out onto main road and was very noisy in the morning.Their is a denny's in the building and very handy for breakfast etc.The hotel is very well situated for trams buses etc.and is a nice walk to the piers.Beware the so called homeless who will accost you every step of the way, you can.t miss them with their clipboards,just ignore them.The wharf pass can be a good idea for getting around and onto attractions and can be purchased online or at pier.Alcatraz is good but if you want to go at night book at least 2 weeks in advance.For a good restraunt go to top floor of macy;s intimes square called the cheescake,the food is divine so are margarita;s but very busy so go early.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>757jewell
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location The hotel is in an excellent location within walking distance to all Fisherman Wharf attractions. I loved it!During my stay, the hotel was very busy with Oracle convention guest. Nevertheless, the staff was very accommodating and able to meet all special request I had including microwave in room, refrigerator in room, and cleaning carpet of spilled milk (traveling with infant). The staff was very efficient and friendly and I would definitely stay here again. Check-in was very quick and I received a free upgrade as a Priority Club member.CONS. Parking is expensive ($40 per day), but so is everywhere else in Fishermans Wharf. However, there is unlimited in and out privileges. Business center isn鈥檛 the best. Only 4 computers and one of them was down my entire stay. Wait to use a computer was at least 30+minutes. Overall, I loved my stay at Holiday Inn and look forward to returning.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>gef-atl
<Content>Couldn't have been more perfect Holiday Inns across the US are pretty predictible - uninspiring decor, cookie cutter bathroom, mildly threadbare carpet and occasional elevator issues This Holiday Inn was no exception but has many many plusses - walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square, Chinatown, Nob Hill, amazingly conscientious staff (ask for Valerie the concierge), attentive housekeeping staff and helpful telephone staff.Now this above average rating comes with a few caveats.Caveat #1: Confirm your reservation. We booked through Priceline as a king, non-smoking room. When we got to the hotel they were going to put us in a double, smoking room. Fortunately they weren't fully booked and could come up with a non-smoking double. Caveat #2: Dining at the hotel (i.e. Denny's) is ridiculously overpriced. Walk three blocks to Buena Vista for a truly remarkable breakfast - or take a leisurely walk to a Farmer's Market (Ferry Building on Wed/Sat or City Hall on Sunday) and stock up your room. Also, Walgreen's across the street is convenient, even if they don't rotate their banana stock very regularly. Caveat #3: Parking at the hotel is also ridiculously expensive ($39/night). A tip for anyone staying here (or near). Go to the Enterprise on Beach Street and do one-day rentals. They have 24-hour return (hard to find in SF) at reserved parking spots for only $10/night for those renting from them. It's WELL worth the couple block walk for cheap parking.Like I mentioned, this is a perfect location for a SF stay if you're planning to enjoy the city and aren't terribly concerned with being pampered. It's a Holiday Inn. You know what you're signing up for!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	5	4	

<Author>Stuarttaylor
<Content>Perfect for tourist in SF 4 nights in October during a 2 week US vacation, have rated this Hol Inn much higher than Hol Inn 57th St New York where we stayed for 5 nights during the same trip.A nutcase of an Egyptian Taxi driver gave us a bad start to our SF visit, but check-in at this Hotel was extremely friendly and helpful including vouchers for 50% off breakfast buffet every day and tourist maps/directions etc, plus complimentary internet access on the top floor (you need another keycard for the elevator to get you to the top floor).If you are a tourist in SF then you likely want to stay near the Wharf? This is ideal. Great breakfast and friendly staff.Never tried the bar or restaurant since there is plenty on offer at the Wharf.Clean well kept rooms. Fridge and Coffee maker.No complaints whatsoever, would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>richards61
<Content>good location good location, staff friendly  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MsBrightside79
<Content>Priceline Deal We got this hotel on a Priceline deal for $ 145.00 / night. Stayed there for 3 nights during Fleet Week. Checked-in at the main building but were told our room was in the Annex. No big deal, just a block from the main building. It was a room with 2 comfortable queen beds, spacious, nice bathroom and most importantly .. it was clean. We were on the 4th floor where you could also use a computer for airline check-in - very convenient. Didn't eat at Denny's as other travellers on here described it as overpriced. Just one block down from the Annex you find enough other places to eat at ( e.g. IHOP ). Across the street is a Walgreens, an F-line stop ( Muni - runs from Fisherman's Wharf all the way to the Castro along Market St. ) and the cable car turn-around is only 2 or 3 blocks away. Glad I got it on a Priceline deal as paying the $200-something / night is way overpriced - but you got the location which is worth a lot. Would stay there again but not for the regular offered price on their website.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>newzealandmade
<Content>Fantastic Stay We stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of our holiday. We were in the second hotel but it was fine. Nice and quiet room - top floor. The room was large and spacious and the beds were very comfortable. All staff were helpful and courteous and nothing was a problem.We loved the location - nice and close to fishermans wharf and outside the hotel is an F line so you could get to where you wanted in no time at all.We booked our stay through hotwire and would have no hesitation to stay at Holiday Inn in the future.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>shaggie38
<Content>nice comfortable hotel Very nice comfortable hotel, no complaints at all,very helpfull , good location  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JulieStevenage_Herts
<Content>Great base for looking around San Francisco Like many of the reviewers we found ourselves in the Beach Road property - does anyone actually get to stay in the main building and if so who are you?The walk from the main building wasn't too bad, although we had just been traveling for about 12 hours and had loads of luggage. The smell from Denny's in the lobby is not great, but you kind of get used to it (not enough to go and eat there). Our room was on the third floor at the end of the corridor facing onto the street, though this rarely caused a problem during our stay.The room was reasonably spacious and importantly clean. The shower was good and the bed comfortable. The internet access was wireless and free and that was important for us. We were just minutes away from the whole fisherman's wharf area and had good access to transport systems if we wanted it. The hotel was just what we needed as a base for looking around San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Fizzoko
<Content>Noisy Below Average Hotel To begin with - parking will cost you $40.00 a day. Then, you may find yourself not sleeping in the same building as the place you park. There is a building across the street with rooms. This is where we stayed. If it was raining...we would've gotten soaked going from the parking garage to the room. And you may find this a hassle with your bags. No one told us we could bring the car to the other building, drop off our bags, then park and walk back. The instructions from the front desk were to park and walk. As for breakfast...there is a Denny鈥檚 in the building and we ate there once and did not go back. It was awful. The only good thing was they cashed my travelers check and gave me change. As for the room - well we were on the bottom floor - right on the street. Very noisy and we could not open the shades because you could see in so easily. And there was a ton of foot and vehicle traffic outside. The room cleaners knocked on our door at 8 AM to clean... could they wait until like 10 when we'd be out and about by then? Location wise your right on the Warf...near everything. So that was good. But all in all...you can find something better than this place. It will do...but...there are some issues.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>JKSBlove
<Content>Clean, decent hotel My husband and I drove up the the coast for our anniversary and when we got to San Francisco we stopped at a couple of hotels near Fisherman's Wharf. This one was the most reasonable.The lady working the desk was really nice and went out of her way to find my husband and I a room with a king bed in the non-smoking part of the hotel. Our room faced the alley where the staff and deliveries came in and out of. I thought it was going to be really loud, but actually it was really quiet for both of the nights we stayed there. The parking charge was ridiculous, but the other hotels we inquired about also had parking charges. We also ate at the breakfast buffet one morning. It was okay, but it was really expensive. We ate at Denny's the next morning which was much more reasonable. The location was fantastic. We walked to Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf, and Pier 33 to take the Alcatraz tour. Overall, I think it was a pretty good bargain for the area.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mckatkins
<Content>Great location We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our virgin holidays flydrive holiday. We were actually in the building across the road from the main hotel. The parking is normally $40 a night but virgin holiday customers only pay $16 per night which was great. This hotel is in a great location for fishermans warf/alcatraz/trams etc. Would happly stay here again without hesitation. We even had a view of alcatraz from our room.A good tip: we booked into our flight online and got good seats for our return flight. The hotel has a computer on the 4th floor linked up to all the various airlines (free of charge). We did this the day before our flight home and were able to skip all the queues at the airport.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>510039
<Content>Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf - Perfect. We traveled to San Francisco for a weekend while visiting family in Northern California. We were there for 2 nights and I would say the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf was the perfect hotel for us.The trip wasn't all sunshine and roses, and i will get into that later, but the SF portion of the trip was great.The Hotel. We arrived around 7:30 Friday night. We were put up in the main building, on the 3rd floor. We had 2 double beds, so when I asked if they had any King's left they said yes, but they were in the other building. Rooms were plenty big. Clean. We didn't have a view at all, but thats OK. We were with our 16 month old, so we needed a crib. Called housekeeping when we got to the room, and the crib was there minutes. We tipped housekeeping $2.50 Saturday morning. I know thats not much, but they seemed to really appreciate it. Left us a note thanking us, and then every time they saw one of us they asked where the baby was (sleeping) and always said hi. The Location. Absolutely perfect. Just a block from the Cannery  Ghirardelli Square. 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. 10 minutes to Pier 39. Plenty of food nearby. Food. The onsite Denny's seems expensive. We had the Lumberjack Slam that we split between 3 ways. It was 2 Pancakes, 2 Eggs, 2 Pieces of Bacon, 2 Sausage Links, Piece of Ham and Hash browns for $13.99. Thats a lot of food, and was perfect for us to split. However Waffles were $11 and Hamburgers were $10+. The first night we were there we ate dinner at the Boudin Bakery on Fisherman's Wharf. I had the Bread Bowl of Chowder and my wife and daughter split a grilled cheese (it was huge  and apparently VERY GOOD). Add a brownie and a bottle of water. Dinner for $20. The second night we went to the Wipe Out Bar and Grill on Pier 39. Standard american food there. Cool atmosphere. Sat outside.Yes parking is expensive, but thanks to Trip Advisor I was prepared for the $88 charge.Must do's. Go to The Stinkin' Rose. Great restaurant with a focus on garlic. Good stuff. Also visit Liguria Bakery (1700 Stockton). Not much of a store but the foccacia bread is outstanding. We got an order of the pizza bread and an order of the raisin bread. Great stuff. Get there early as they run out of stuff as the day goes on. If traveling with children, check out the Aquarium of the Bay at Pier 39. Kids under 3 are free, and adults are $14.95 each.The bad stuff has nothing to do with the city of SF or the Holiday Inn and all to do with Dollar Rental. Terrible. I won't go into all the details here, but it starts with them putting a hold on my check card for the rental, which I know is standard stuff, but they added 15% to the hold and when you are on a budget that extra $120 can go a long ways. I didn't realize this until Friday night. I called the 800 number and was told that I needed to talk to the Customer Service department, which at 8:00 local time was closed for the weekend. Thats helpfull. They said they would release the extra 15% when we returned the car. Which as you could imagine was at the end of our trip and the $120 really didn't do us much good.All in all, we had a great time, and would recommend The Holiday Inn to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pagey54
<Content>Good location for stay in FW We stayed here for 2 nights as the first stop in our self drive Virgin tour. We transfered from the airport , as we picked up the car on day 3, in a $70 pre-ordered limo (I think connected to super shuttles) but it was not there, as promised, and after chasing on the cell phone eventually turned up after a 40 min wait with little apology - maybe best not to prepay or just get a yellow cab from outside of which there seemed to be plenty! The location is ideal, you can walk to any of the major pier's, Ghirardelli square, the cannery, Lombasrd Street and it's on the major bus lines if you want to catch the bus to Golden Gate Bridge. We heard no exterior noise at all, the room was super clean, roomy, comfortable etc as was the bathroom. All the toiletries were stocked when used and towels.We strangely checked in at the main hotel property to then be sent around the corner to a seperate standalone annex with all our luggage. The reception were not exactly friendly, mannerable, or helpful and advised us that the rooms were adjoining, as requested, but when we got there were about 5 rooms apart - it was too much trouble to go all the way back but did not make things easy for us.There is a Denny's below the hotel (we stayed at the Beach st. location) which we used once for breakfast and was ok but we used Joannie's across the road from the main hotel entrance the 2nd morning and had a great brunch there sat outside and was far more reasonable. We ate for the one dinner at Neptunes Palace Restaurant (we pre-booked before leaving the UK) on Pier 39 which had a great panoramic view of the bay, the GG bridge, Alcatrax and a lovely sun set - the food was good but slightly overpriced maybe but no complaints.There is a Starbucks and Walgreens across the street for your late night snack runs and bits and bobs.  If you are going to San Francisco to see the sights this is a place to be and there were other hotels locally that looked just as good. We only had one full day there and pre-booked a combined an all day City bus tour and trip to Alcatraz with Super Sight Seeing Tours (Alcatraz  San Francisco Deluxe City Combo Tour) which was excellent and cost about $70 each. Alcatraz trips can soon sell out so make sure you pre-book to save disappointment.A great city, we fully enjoyed it, although we did not get to see it all.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Markhan
<Content>Love this Hotel. We have just returned from a 3 week tour of California and used this Hotel for 3 nights at the start and 2 nights at the end. The hotel is in a great location for the piers, ferrys, restaurants and other tourist stuff.As mentioned in previous reviews it is possible to walk into the centre of SF from this location but we cheated and used the Cable car from Hyde St and then The tram system to return.The hotel is very very clean and has everything needed for a great stay but I would recommend eating out elsewhere as both Dennys  Brooklands in the hotel are very overpriced. Street noise was not a problem but I would recommend asking for a room on the 5th Floor business level as this has restricted use by using your room card to access it via the lift.The staff are great at this place and will bend over backwards to make your stay perfect. They even have a free daily limousin service to Union Square if you are a priority club member (which is free to join).Only negative about this hotel is the price you have to pay to use the underground car park, $39 a day plus tax but parking elsewhere can be a nightmare as we heard one guy complaining that he had got locked in another car park across the street.We will definately stay here agian if we visit San Francisco in the future.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tln99
<Content>A very nice place to stay in SF We stayed at Holiday In Fishermans Wharf on 9/26 and 9/27. You could not ask for a better location than this hotel if your destination is Fishermans Wharf or Pier 39. We stayed in the main building which was very nice. The room was spacious and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Parking was a little expensive at $44 a day, but that is the going rate for SF hotels. All in all it is a wonderful place to stay at Fishmans Wharf.We highly recommend a restaurant called Scoma's at Pier 47. It's a seafood restaurant whose clam chowder is the best I've ever had.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PackednReady55
<Content>Location, Location, Location After driving up the Pacific Coast Highway from L.A. and getting into San Fran around 5 PM, we found the Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf to be a welcome stop on our recent vacation. The location is excellent for those that don't mind a little walking. It is only about 2 blocks to Jefferson Street and all the action down at Fisherman's Wharf. The check in was easy and soon we were on our way to our room. Spacious, clean and bright are three words to describe it. Staff was very courteous and more than happy to answer our many questions about the sites in and around the Wharf. One thing about the parking. If you read the Holiday Inn's website, you will see that there is a $39 a day charge. This might seem pricey but it is right there at the hotel. There are parking garages in the area but would be a walk and a question of security. We only stayed one night there but were allowed to park in the parking lot to 6 PM or after. We checked out and loaded up the car with our luggage and then went sight seeing all day without having any concern over our things. It was well worth the money. Overall I would be more than happy to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area. I will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkoeder
<Content>Amazing stay at the Holiday Inn We stayed at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf from Aug 28- sept 1 and couldn't be happier. The location is ideal, you can walk to any of the major pier's, Ghirardelli square, the cannery and it's on the major bus lines if you want to catch the bus to Golden Gate Bridge. We heard no exterior noise at all, the room was super clean, as was the bathroom. All the toiletries were stocked when used and towel refreshed without issue. The bed was so comfortable that I got a fantastic nights sleep every night -which is unheard of for myself in a strange place. There is a Starbucks and Walgreens across the street for your late night snack runs. There is a very overpriced Denny's in the hotel (we stayed at the Beach st. location) but 2 blocks away is a far more reasonable and better tasting IHOP. If you are relatively fit, you can pretty much walk anywhere in Downtown San Fran, we walked all the way from Union square, thru China town to Lombard st then back to the hotel. The desk staff were very helpful when we were asking about food in the area, with directions and where to go. If you are going to San Francisco to see the sights this is the place to be - Enjoy!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wrighty11
<Content>tried to over charge us Good location for all the tourist things, Alcatraz, city tours etc. Over priced hotel compared to others we have stayed in in the States, but SF has that reputation anyway.Room was large, clean and nice. Staff were OK when we checked in but on check out weren't as nice. We had our bill come through the door in the morning with 2 phone calls we hadn't made. They weren't for much at all but I still called down to say we didn't make them. The guy on the front desk said he would take them off but (in his words) they are only for a buck and a half anyway. Not the point really, we didn't make them and if they add these onto every other guests bill and they don't ask for them to b etaken off then they will make a lot of money!!Would I stay here again...... probably not. It was the ONLY hotel available we could find at the time, so I would probably look around for something better for your money.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>SurreyTbt
<Content>nice hotel but steep parking prices put us off Stayed here for 2 nights in Sept with my husband- we stayed in the 2nd building across the street from the main building, which was a bit of a pain for check in and check out as you are lugging your cases across the block, tho it wasn't too far. Couldn't fault the room really, clean, spacious tho air con unit (like many hotels) was pretty noisy and we had to have it turned off at night. Good location for Fish Wharf and for walking to piers that did tours ie Alcatraz (which I would deff recommend). Cab to Union Square was about $15 each way if I remember correctly. There was a store right across from the 2nd building which sold pretty much everything, from toiletries to snacks and water/drinks etc. My main gripe here was the parking charge- we paid $88 for 2 nights, self park, across the block from our building. Just to compare, we only paid $36 in total for 2 nights valet parking in an LA hotel later that week and just $70 for a whole 7 nights self park at a resort in Maui, Hawaii the week after. Way too steep. If I remember correctly, there was a Hertz and an Avis across the street from the 2nd building where we could have picked up a car after our stay in SF for our drive down the PCH to LA. A cab from the airport would have been cheaper than our 2 days car hire and parking charges. Having said that, we drove out of the city to Muir Woods and saw some amazing coastline along the way so we were glad we had the car but you can easily do without one if you are staying in the city.We ate at CheeseCake Factory one night (in Macy's), it was too windy to sit outside but would have been cool to do so if weather was better. Good portions, tasy food etc only downside was that our mains were brought out when we were still in the middle of our starter but would still recommend it and the cheesecake was amazing- we go it to take out.Breakfast at on site Denny's tho convenient and tasty was expensive- $50 with tip for 2 breakfasts and 2 OJ's.I think the parking charges would put me off staying at this place again and it's a shame as there was nothing wrong with the hotel itself- maybe all SF hotels charge excessive parking but if you have a car, look around for other places. If you won't have a car, then this would be a good choice.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ctdg
<Content>Waaaay too pricey       Room  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merv16
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed 5 nights at the beginning of Sept, the hotel is in a good central location. We stayed in the second building, had a spotlessly clean room, the front desk and concierge were there to about 3pm, very helpful when needed. Would recommended this hotel and would have no hesitation staying there agin if I returned . The buffet breakfasts are a bit expensive but the restaraunt is nice and clean and has good selection. We tried a cafe over the road which claimed to be world famous for everything, I had an american breakfast which was 2 eggs 2 slices of bacon some chopped potatoes and bread not exactly the big breaskfast I was anticipating. Why spend all that money getting there and scimping on food at some greasy spoon.Booked through Hotwire, no problems, practically stayed for nothing. If anyone is not sure about Hotwire don't be,do a little research and save a lot of money, got it for $65 a night.San Francisco first time, in my opinion is 3/4 day stay max.Fishermans Wharf bit of a dump.Biked the bridge, very good but beware of oncoming bikers who think because they have a fancy bike they have right of way and race across. About 8 miles in total, longer trip than it looks.Did Alcatraz, brilliant.Got a taxi to hotel $44, 30 mins Got shuttle back $38.For conveniance and just $6 more just get a taxi.We moved to Yosemite for 2 nights and then MGM Las Vegas ( see reviews )Any questions just ask  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>energybabe1
<Content>good convenient hotel stayed here for 5 nights after staying in Las Vegas.given 2 adjoining rooms which were clean and reasonably sized, but in the annex. Only real inconvenience was in having to walk to the main building to use the pool.the hotel is very conveniently situated - easy to get around and the cable car stop is very nearby which was useful as were the trams outside the hoel. Easy to wald or tram to pier 33 for alcatraz tours.The Dennys was convenient but not the best cuisine ever! The staff were helpful and friendly, Car parking charges were high but we had virgin discount so wasn't too bad.all in all a good stay and would definately stay again  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>chiswickmum
<Content>hotel is fine - tacky location I was last in SF 20 years ago and loved fisherman's wharf. Returning this year it has turned into a tacky tourist hell hole - there really is nothing appealling about the area though if you want to be surrounded by naff shops, tourist tat and burger restaurants then it could be for you. Granted, it is close to ferries (alcatraz etc) , bike hire, tour buses etc so handy in this respect but I didn't feel comfortable there. The Holiday Inn itself is like any other - clean, efficient and so on but choose your room carefully. This hotel is full of british people on virgin holidays which I didn't like - I wanted to get away from Britain. Unknown to me at booking there are two bulidings, a main one and a satellite called the 'beach' building. It is only staffed in the lobby at peak times which is inconvenient, there is a Dennys in the lobby which stinks the place out and the pool is in the main building which means a 5 minute walk on the main street in your cossie. Get a room looking out onto the courtyard - ours was directly above the main street where trams and taxis woke us up at regular intervals all night - they did move us when we complained. In short - the hotel was fine but its a busy, noisy tourist area so beware.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Soutenu
<Content>Good for the price! We got an excellent deal through Hotwire so this was good value at $73 per night. It was the usual Holiday Inn high standards of cleanliness  a comfortable fairly spacious room, situated in the Beach Street Annexe. The pool  main facilities were at the main building which meant crossing the road  a 2 min walk. Otherwise, our only grumble was the smell of stale fried food in the lobby ( a result of the Denny's situated there).We didn't have a car with us, fortunately!The staff were all helpful  the service good.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>MichelleDerby
<Content>Good hotel in a good location We were in San Francisco for 4 days at the end of our 2 week holiday and from the reviews on Trip Advisor weren't expecting great things. However, we were pleasantly surprised.We were upgraded to a business room which was spacious and clean. We had a fridge where we could chill drinks - the supermarket was close by.The pool was ok - not huge amounts of loungers, but we always got a seat and it was quite busy with children.The location was excellent - 5 minute walk to the main Fishermans Wharf area with all the boat trips, cable cars, bike hire etc and the bus stop was opposite which you could catch up through China Town to Union Square.Breakfast was very pricey - nearly $50 for 2 buffet breakfasts!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Essexfamilyontour
<Content>Great hotel! I really liked the hotel - they allocated us a large room on the 4th floor which was spacious (for 2 adults  2 children sharing), clean and well equipped.Breakfast in the restaurant was a welcome change from the buffet type meal served in so many establishments.Good location - I would definately come back here  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imawearytravler
<Content>So disappointed We were so disappointed in our hotel. The location was great but the amenties were lacking. We paid an outrageous fee for parking. It had almost doubled from when we booked the trip and when we stayed there. When we complained, they just basically said, Too bad.This was also a very noisy location. Unfortunately staying on the wharf meant trash trucks and street cleaners at 2-4am. The Denney's in the hotel was not clean. I paid $14 for a simple breakfast and got very poor service. There is however a deli right across Beach Street that had great bagels and cream cheese.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>newlywed0708
<Content>Wonderful Stay!! My sister and I had a wonderful stay at this Hotel! The rooms were beautiful, beds very comfortable, Lobby very inviting, friendly staff, conveniently located near all the Fisherman's Wharf activites, and excellent food in the Restaurant. I would highly recommend this Hotel for your travels to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dannygee
<Content>Great Location, nice hotel.       The main building, where you check in initially  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Baggiechris
<Content>Fishermans Wharf Good location in Fishermans Wharf (that is a bit of a dump in some areas) basic but clean hotel split into 2 buildings stay in main building if you can all the usual Holiday Inn features.Small pool but Ok for a quick dip  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>elgato54
<Content>Average Hotel but a great prive This hotel has a great location and was booked through Priceline for $135.00. The major problem is that the Holiday Inn is two separate buildings with no convenient way to commute between them.Most services in the secondary building are usually closed and you really feel isolated. Rooms were nice and large but a bit noisy. Still a great bargain at $135.00. No breakfast is offered and the in building Denny's prices are double the standard rates.Stay away from it and try one of the many small restuarants nearby.This Hotel certainly does not compare to the others in the three star Priceline group and should be dropped to a 2.5 star rating.For the price I would stay there again but would prefer one of the other three star hotels such as Holiday Inn Express, Marriot, Hyatt, Hilton, etc.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>geneseoguy
<Content>Great Location, nice hotel This was a nice hotel. The main advantage is the location. Within a few blocks of Fisherman's wharf, and just a block from public transportation. I would certainly recommend the Holiday Inn Fisherman's wharf to anyone traveling to San Francisco. The hotel is showing its age somewhat, with worn hallways and common areas. However, the rooms were clean and well maintained. The hotel is in two seperate buildings across the street from each other. So if you are in the outbuilding you have to cross the street to go to the pool or fitness center. the seperate building does have its own front desk and concierge, but they are not consistently staffed. For the location and cost (I booked on Priceline) I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>PJRC-Seniors
<Content>Good location We have four nights here.Friends had advised us that a car wasn't needed in San Francisco, so we took a cab to the hotel and arranged to collect our car on the day we left. This saved us money on rental and the expensive parking rate at the hotel.Check in was efficient, although somewhat brisk.Room was spacious, clean and a good condition.We were on the Priority Club Floor. But we didn't get a Priority view. View was of air conditioning units on roof level with our window. This was dissappointing.There was no fridge in the room and no complimentary tea bags/milk (not everyone drinks coffee). Although they were happy to supply some from the bar when asked.Forget Dennys for eating, worst breakfast every, place felt dirty needs complete refurb and meal not good value.Location of hotel was good, plenty of things within walking distance.Pool nice, although on the warmest day during our stay there were not enough loungers around the pool.Average value for money.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pawnsalot
<Content>Perfect location We stayed at this hotel for 4 days and had no problems. The rooms were what we expected from Holiday Inn, very comfortable and clean.The staff very helpful and quick to our needsl. The concierge helped us get sold out tickets to Alcaraz. We requested an additional pillow and two extra towels and also the sink did not drain properly. All of our requests were done in a timely fashion. The location was perfect, perfect, perfect and cheap public transportation is very close by( cable car, street car or bus). The parking was $39.00 per day.If I would have planed better I would have left the rental car at the airport. We had the best breakfast at the Hollywood Cafe every morning just down the block at 530 N. Point Street, lots of good food at great pricesand a cheerful attentive staff. We walked with our children every morning and every night to see the sea lions at pier 39.We would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>rorydom
<Content>great location Excellent location. we booked 2 rooms and requested adjoining or adjacent which we didn't get. We ended up just down the hall from each other on the priority club floor. Stayed 5 nights and the rooms were very nice with a fairly good sized bathroom, king bed, sofa bed and the usual desk and chair etc. Street rather noisy at night with motor cycles!!!! Didn't breakfast in the hotel but had good evening meals (quantity, quality and value given some of the procey restaurants on the front) - The hotel was fully booked but both times we ate dinner in we were the only or 1 of 4 parties in the dining room!The hotel offered a free airline online checkin kiosk to print boarding cards which was a bonus ( except BA website wasn't responding at the time of our stay). Outdoor swimming pool was rather cold but very nice amenity and there is a guest coin op laundry in the parking garage. surface car park very tight but additional parking in garage. Very expensive though. I think it was $36 per night. We took the car back to alamo early as you really don't need a car in SF unless you want to drive well out of the city.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lcstine
<Content>so so hotel The Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf was an okay hotel. The location was great. In walking distance to Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square and many restaurants on Fishermans Wharf. The building seemed a little old and could use a few more updates. Parking was extremely expensive and it was inconvenient that the main lobby was in another building. Overall, we were pleased with our stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>DutchTravelagent
<Content>excellent location The first good thing happened when we arrived. You are allowed to park for 20 minutes for checking in (but no one's counting).Location of this hotel is brilliant, within walking distance of the Embarcadero, bus stop and cable car.I would have preferred the Radisson location because it's the only hotel that is actually exiting onto the Embarcadero but their roomrate was way higher than the Holiday Inn's.Room was good, spacious with two good queen beds and all facilities you would need. Wifi available but they also had a business floor (5th) accesable with your roomkey in the elevator.Check-in staff was a bit distant, they were not too helpful when you had questions about exploring the city.We had stayed at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf before, which we liked better roomwise but even stopping your car at the entrance was not done so i'd rate these equal.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Clifffan
<Content>Wonderful Stay At Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf       BEDROOM  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellingcat79
<Content>good location       our room  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>purplevicki
<Content>Good location and clean I booked our stay on hotwire for only $75 per night and we stayed 3 nights. We got a room with 2 beds which is what we wanted and we were in the 2nd building across the street which was fine. The room was dark but comfy and cosy. The Dennys in the building is convenient but not where I would want to eat the whole time, but there is a Starbucks across the street for breakfast. Lots of other restaurants in the area. Close to buses, cable cars and trolleys and we walked most places. Nice to sit by the pool as good weather, but still with clothes on! A chilly wind! Overall, a good stay and nice hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliFoxx
<Content>Perfect Location! Although the room was a bit pricey, the location was excellent. It was very close to all of the main attractions in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Our room was clean and the bathroom was big and bright. The beds were decent, and the pillows were awesome. The decor was nice and modern and the employees were helpful. They even allowed us to check in 2 hours early!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jdrblue
<Content>Decent, convenient, good for kids My family stayed here over the July 4 weekend at the Beach St bldg. We paid $60/night so this turned out to be a fantastic deal. Pros: clean, comfortable, friendly maids/room service staff, close to Fisherman's Wharf, walked to fireworks, convenient to restaurants, Walgreen's, transportation. We had no car. Cons: when storing bags on our last day, it took a long time for the porter to help us. The reception staff (one female at Beach street location) was busy texting when I went up to ask about bag storage. She answered questions curtly. Bag retrieval was equally slow. No view from our window except the other rooms. Lots of families. I'd stay here again if I wanted to be close to Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Dv9mrsm
<Content>Good Location This was the first half of our California vacation. We spent the second half in San Diego. It was also the first time my husband and had been to California. Due to weather issues, we didn't arrive at the hotel until the early morning hours. There was no problem at check-in. We stayed on the first floor of the second building(the one with the Denny's). The security card escorted us to the build due to the late hour. The room was clean and well maintained. Since it was our first time in San Francisco we had alot of sightseeing to do and spent very little time in the room. The first morning we had breakfast in the restaurant in the main building. The service was a little slow. We ate breakfast for the rest of the trip at Denny's in our building. It was more convenient to come out of the room and go there. The Wharf is a short walk away, so is the F line trolley which you can take to get to Union Square and Chinatown. Also, a Cable Car line starts a few blocks away. You can get an all day Muni Pass from that station. The hotel staff was also very helpful in letting us know which transportation lines would take us where we wanted to go. We had a good experience with the hotel overall.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tahwang
<Content>Nice and afforable We spent a total of 4 nights at this hotel. The location was great; it was a block from the F line, a few block from the Hyde-Powell historical cable line (get there early to avoid the crowd), and very close to all the Piers. We have a 5-year old with us and we were able to use the public transportation to go places.Unlike other hotels, this Holiday Inn has two separate buildings. The secondary building, which we were in, was across the street from the main one. That was not a big deal except for checking-in and checking-out; carrying all the luggages and a kid across the street was not very fun. Although the second building has a front desk, it doesn't open until 7am.Overall, this is a nice hotel, and for the price that we paid ($80/night via Hotwire), we would come back again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MissCrankyPants
<Content>Perfect location for a first visit. We stayed at this hotel for six nights during a very warm spell and didn't have any problems at all. Our room was on the second floor and had two comfortable double beds and a spacious bathroom. The view was of the road but we were only in the room to sleep so that was irrelevant. The shampoo and body lotion was fragranced with mint and was very refreshing after spending all day out in the wind and sunshine. Check in was quick and easy, as was check out. Mary at the front desk was notably great during check-in. The restaurant breakfast was quite expensive but there was a good range of food and it was very tasty. There were plenty of other restaurants nearby as alternate options. The hotel was very clean and I thought the housekeeping staff were very polite. I only saw a security guard twice during my stay and didn't come in late enough to discover whether or not the main doors were locked at night. This hotel is within walking distance of so many tourist attractions. Public transportation can take you where your feet can't. We took the #30 bus to see a baseball game without any problems. The bus stop was just across the road! Both cablecar line turn-arounds are within walking distance and the streetcar L-line runs along the wharf. There was a wedding reception and an 18th birthday party held during our stay and we didn't hear any noise at all. The only bad thing I can come up with is the noisy air conditioner/heater in the room and we just turned it off at night.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jahlie
<Content>A good value, some problems. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for two nights for a business meeting and found the room to be just fine. It was clean and we had everything we needed. Our view was the wall next door, but we weren't in the room much and we just kept the curtains closed when we were. That really didn't matter because we've been to San Francisco so often that we've seen the views and weren't particularly interested in one. It's always nice, however. If I had been a tourist seeing San Francisco for the first time, I'd probably want a better view. Wifi is free everywhere in the hotel.The service at the front desk was delightful and helpful. A big problem is that the bar is dark, gloomy and the service surly. We didn't eat breakfast at the restaurant because it is very expensive. Not a fan of the Fisherman's Wharf area, I hopped the street car to the Embarcadero for a Noah's Bagels breakfast sandwich. If you like the area, Denny's is a block away from the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf. There are many other restaurants within an easy walk - 15 minutes to North Beach and 20 to Chinatown. The cable car and street car lines are within a block or two, so getting around is easy. Another problem is that the hotel allows the we're cheaper than the taxi limo scam to take place on their property. Don't ask the doorman to get you a taxi, he'll steer you to the limo - don't fall for it, the limo is always more expensive than a taxi. Just take the taxi waiting on property, call for one, or walk up to the street and one will appear soon. One convenience is that there is a Safeway, Sav On pharmacy and Trader Joe's a couple of blocks up Bay Street. The best shopping is in Union Square or the Embarcadero but again, transportation is easy. I prefer the Embarcadero or Union Square locations in San Francisco but the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf is a good value.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	2	3	5	2	4	

<Author>lululorenzo
<Content>fawlty towers Coming from LA we had to phone ahead for a 1 night stay directly prior to a pre-booked 1 week stay and discovered at check inn that we had to pay a $38 plus tax a day car parking charge that we were not told of previously even after asking about parking on the phone as i am a permanent wheelchair user, we did get a reduction but were still not happythe room booked was to be the same as the pre-booked room so we would not have to cange but they'd put someone in it already,so we were given another room for the stay after waiting at the desk for 1/2 an hourOur room seemed nice at first but we didn't sleep all night at the air-con/heater blower unit kept cutting in and out but was thermostaticly controlled so it was either that or be cold as it was windy/cold outside, eventually we turned it off but got little sleep as we found our room was on the side that backed onto a road with a T-junction and the buses were stop-starting from 6am!!In the morning we discovered the shower head wouldn't stay up and it leaked badly and sprayed water out everywhere,we asked for 2 days before it was fixed,we just laughed at the toilet that made a sound like foghorn when flushed!Wheelchair acess was ok but the bed, like most in the US was very high and hard to get onto, i needed assistance to be safe,also there was only a handrail on the wall-side of the toilet, just a little more thought needed here and thereBreakfast was not included in the price,the restuarant was a bit overpriced too as were the films/gimmicky Nintendo in the roomFishermans Wharf was very near but personally after a couple of day's we'd had enough,a bit touristy/tacky only Alcatraz made up for it a little bit, wish we'd stayed in LA area for longer  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RenoJimG
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location I stayed at this property with my elderly father when showing him San Francisco for the first time. I was very pleased with the friendy and helpful staff, the clean rooms, the great breakfast, convenient parking and the wonderful location. If you are visiting San Francisco to check out the many sights I would definitely recommend staying here as it is a very short walk from Fishermans Wharf and the famous Cable Car route.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TripLVNY
<Content>its a good location, but 1 or 2 issues First off, we got a great rate on this one via pricline $59, so anything in this review has to be tempered with that.I wanted this hotel as we were only staying in SF for 2 nights, basically breaking our journey from Dublin to Hawaii.So locationwise this is great, literally 2 minutes walk takes you to the fishermans wharf area, another 7-8 mins to Pier 39.The separate building feels like you are being assigned 2nd class option, its a 2 min walk from the main reception, with luggage and after an 11hr flight, you really just want to get checked in and get an elevator to your room. Help was offered to walk to the other building, but we just did it the ol' fashion way.Room was a great size, not too noise, and had 2 double beds.Night before we left I pre-booked a car to the airport at the main reception, AS I recall it was $50, which wasn't much more expensive than a shuttle for 2 people. Driver was duely waiting for us at our building reception (which was another reason for booking car, saved having to go back to the main building to get the shuttle), and the car was excellent as was the driver.Overall a great location, clean accomodation, but not being in the main building gives a feeling of not qutie having got what you thought you were getting.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>otesa916
<Content>$42 for parking!! Outrageous we stayed for one night. I booked through priceline and I thought iI got an ok price but I was shocked to find out they charged $42 just to park. When I asked how much the parking garages were she supposedly didn't know. The parking lot was inconvenient since you have to walk from one end to the other just to get around the gate to walk across the street to the hotel which was separate from the main hotel. The rooms were just ok, beds weren't that great. I couldn't check out through the tv due to some error on their part and had to go back to the main hotel to check out. Had I known about the $42 parking I would have bid much less. The parking price should really be highlighted somewhere on the website. The price of the room shouldn't be close to the same price for parking. And I was mad to read one review that said they were given a third off the parking price without asking. I was never offered any discount or other options for parking. I won't stay again.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>CYKL
<Content>Good location. We had a room on the ground floor of the Beach Street building. I had called in advance to request/confirm a baby crib but it was not there when we arrived. I had to call again for it.Being in the Beach Street building was good for the 24-hr Denny restaurant, but is no good when we needed information from conceige. That said, the conceige at the Columbus building was knowledgeable and friendly, as we expect them to.There is a self-service laundry room in the Beach Street building ($2 wash, $1 powder, $2 dry) which takes only quarters. And if you need to change for quarters, you have to go to the front desk at the Columbus building..The room is of a reasonable size, bathroom as well. I cannot find any fault with the room. Beds are comfortable. Carpet is clean.Location - it is one street away from Pier 47, which is a short walk to Pier 39 and Pier 33 (Alcatraz cruise). It is a 3-min walk to the bus-stop outside Marriott Hotel for the bus #30 to Chinatown/Union Square, or bus #30 in the opposite direction to Golden Gate Bridge. Lombard Street is a 10-min walk away.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>DisneyDave23
<Content>Great start to our holiday This was destination #1 in our 2007 summer holiday which took in San Francisco (Holiday Inn, Fisherman's Wharf), Yosemite (Yosemite View Lodge), Carmel (Carmel Mission Inn), Santa Maria (Holiday Inn), Beverly Hills (Beverly Hilton), Anaheim (Sheraton Anaheim) and San Diego (Paradise Point). This review is for Holiday Inn San Francisco Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf, about 3 minutes walk from the popular ,if a bit touristy, Fisherman's Wharf area.This is a good quality hotel in a good location. Being a Holiday Inn, it is very err.... Holiday Inn i.e. you know what you are going to get. There is amply parking for guests and as a Virgin guest we were surprised to get it for a third of the usual price without having to ask. Staff are attentive and polite.Rooms are have the solid, corporate feel of a Holiday Inn and are pretty much faultless in that respect. Working desk, free safe and coffee machine are welcome. There is another HI just around the corner with a Denny's diner inside which is handy for breakfast. Out hotel offered breakfast but we hose to explore. There is also a pool but SF in July is not the warmest place to be swimming especially when there is little sun. Overall, no nasty surprises and well recommended. Great price. We are making a return stay in summer 2008.Tip: SF taxis - be very clear with your directions to the driver. The roads can be long and you can get dropped off at the wrong end.Tip: Choose this hotel for easy access in and out especially with a car to outer lying areas,Tip: Fisherman's Wharf can soon feel tiring with all the touristy shops and some of you may well hate it. It is however only a few dollars by cab into the main shopping area. The hotels here are more expensive and car parking starts to become a problem.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jacquell
<Content>Great Location; Great For Pets We stayed 4 nights at this hotel while on a recent roadtrip with our small dog to San Francisco. We were very pleased with the accomodations,which were even a little nicer than expected given the reasonable price of the room per night. The room was very clean, well maintained and comfortable. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and available all night long. The food in the on-site restaurant and the breakfast cafe was quite good. The hotel was very conveniently located to shops, tourist attractions and restaurants. The parking was also extremely convenient (which was imporant since we traveled throughout the city in our car -- which was actually, contrary to popular belief, very easy to do). In addition, we found the hotel to be quite convenient for pet owners who travel with their pets because there is a small park across the street from the hotel for those required early morning and late night visits. All in all, we really liked this hotel. We will stay there again. In fact, we have a visit scheduled for next month.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bscrowt
<Content>Great stay       room photo  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveluva
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice Location I booked this hotel through Hotwire for just $62 per night and when I checked their website the same room would have been $200 so I really got a bargain. The rooms are nice, spacious and comfortable. Same with the bathrooms. Usual toiletries, hairdryer and towels are provided and house keeping come once a day. We we initially given a room on the 5th floor which we thought the toilet didnt flush properly and when we complained we were moved instantly. There is a bit of street noise but it is a busy area so you will get that at any time of the day.The location is so convenient. The hotel is literally one block back from the main fishermans wharf. There is a street car stop and a bus stop outside which can take you to Union Square. Pier39 is less than 5 minutes walk.The downside is the cost for parking but everywhere is like that in San Fran and with the location and the public transport you really dont need a car.I enjoyed my stay here. It is a good hotel. I am not sure if it is worth $200 a night but accomodation is not cheap in San Fran and it is comforting to know that it is safe to walk around the area at night as there are some dodgy areas in San Fran.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>belgiumcdn
<Content>Very Nice Stay       nice size room and very clean  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>andynsuzan
<Content>Good for Tourist Our overall experience was good here. We stayed 5 nights and it was truly only a place to sleep. Too much to do! The parking is OUTRAGEOUS--$42 a night. (FYI--it's only $40 if you get a parking ticket on the street! Oops!) We needed our car for our trips out of the city otherwise don't get a car. The trolley stops right outside the front door, so that's handy. This hotel was convenient for everything we wanted. There is a Denny's on the first floor. We ate there once and it was all right--nothing special. The room cleaning ladies were all very friendly. With the exception of one desk clerk, all other staff was friendly as well.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelbugss
<Content>Great location / well suited / good Hotel Stayed for 3 nights recently. After a long flight from Australia, we woke up the next morning very relaxed and ready to go exploring. Very handy location to fishermans wharf, bay area and all public transport. Room comfortable and clean. Would stay here again if we were back in San Francisco.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ProudCanadians
<Content>Quality Stay A friend and I stayed here for three nights for a girls weekend get-away. We booked through Hotwire so didn't know exactly what hotel we were getting until after we booked. But the location was great, close to cable car line, F-Line, Ghiradelli and the Buena Vista, a great place to stop in in the evening for an Irish coffee. rooms were spacious, beds were comfortable, staff was very friendly. Only draw-back, single-pane windows allow alot of noise in through the night and early morning. We could hear everything from garbage trucks emptying the dumpsters to people shouting and laughing on the street after a night of clubbing. But all-in-all, great value. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>brooksy55
<Content>Great Location Before booking my holiday I read Trip Advisor to get an idea of what the hotel was like and thought it seemed okay. Just before we went I looked at the reviews again and got a bit worried, however, I didn't need to be - this was great.We were located in the 2nd building, which is literally just round the corner from the main building, and although there was not anyone on the front desk here, we felt very safe as you need to use your room key to access the lifts.There is a Denny's in the lobby and this proved to be a great help - the first day after arriving we went on a day trip to Yosemite National Park and had to leave at 6am, so with this being open 24 hours, it was ideal for breakfast before we set off.We ended up eating here a few times just because it was so convenient and cheaper than other places around as you are situated in the heart of tourist land!San Francisco itself is great - the Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf area is a bit like Blackpool but if you go up to Pier 39 (about 10 min) walk it鈥檚 much better - still very touristy but much busier and of course home to the famous sea lions.The cable car turn arounds are a few blocks away in either direction and take no more than 10 mins to walk to - we rode the cars just once but it was great to go up and down the hills and see the city this way.Lombard Street is about a 10-15 min walk away - be warned it is up hill all the way, but well worth the walk and the views on the way back down are great.Because we only had a limited time in the city we went on an organised Tour that included a trip to Alcatraz as well as a few hours on a coach being shown the sights of the city. I would recommend doing this as you get to see the major things and we even got to walk across the Golden Gate Bridge. We booked this ourselves via the Internet before we left the UK and had no problems at all. We also used the same company to go to Yosemite on a day trip - although this was a long day, it was well worth it - Yosemite is beautiful.We had a quick dinner in Chinatown at a place called Chef Jai's - this is next door to the famous House of Nanking but without the queues! The look of the place isn't that inviting, but don't be put off - the food is amazing and cheap!Overall the hotel was great - in a really good location. There was a free key operated safe in the room, free internet access in the main building, tea  coffee making facilities in the room as well as a telly and a good sized bathroom. The beds were really comfy, which was just what we needed after an 11 hour flight. The rooms had blackout curtains in them, so you weren't disturbed by sunlight.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who only has a few days to explore the city and wants to be somewhere central as you are really close to everything and the hotel is good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Veritas01
<Content>Exceptional Value Booked a room on Hotwire for $79 per night. The hotel is located a block from Fisherman's Wharf. If that part of the city is of interest to you then this hotel is for you. Check in was easy. Parking as everywhere in San Francisco was absurdly expensive. We were charged about $40 per day including tax to park the car in their underground lot. I could not find a good alternative and you really need a car to get to all the attractions especially outside of the city. So I had to bite the bullet. We were put in a building across the street from the main Holiday Inn Building. They called it the Beach Street Buidling as it was on Beach Street. It has a 24 hour Dennys in the lobby and access to the elevators required your key card. The hotel was well maintained and the hallways and public areas were clean. Our room on the 5th floor was roomy and comfortable. Free wifi was a plus. We had two double beds, tv, coffee maker, excellent heating and cooling, great water pressure and hot water, good towels, good housekeeping services, lots of space to store your belongings, a safe for valuable, etc. It is a budget hotel especially if booked on Hotewire or Priceline so you will be with budget seeking people. If you are looking for the upper crust go to the Hyatt. Only drawbacks were I would have liked a fridge and they were asking 9.95 for 24 hours of the Disney Channel. Pretty slimy if you ask me. The hotel was also a bit noisy but a towel at the bottom of the door helped with that. We arrived from New York so Midnight in San Fran was 3 am according to our bodies. Takes a couple of days to adjust. We brought our 9 month old son. The hotel provided a free crib. Metal and very sturdy and clean. Also I used the laundry on the 2nd floor. Two washers and two dryers. 2.00 a load quarters only. 27 minute wash...40 minute drive. Room was immaculate. All in all considering how expensive San Francisco is for just about everything this was a bargain and a great place to stay. If I return I will definitely check this place out again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bully1959Canaries
<Content>Ideal for tourists Good in hotel in a great location. Good value for money. Hotel set in the middle of the tourist spot and all the restaurants. Great transport system with the trams and cheap as well.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>onedude
<Content>Thumbs up Got this on hotwire.com for USD69 a night, arrival 4/4 departure 4/8 (4 nights). We were given a room in the beach tower across the street.I found the quality and standard of this property to be of a very high standard. From the pillow menu, to the individual temperature control, to the free internet, it was an excellent stay in every way. Room was of a good size, bathroom was well laid out, in room safe was free with key, and housekeeping was very effective at keeping everything exceptionally clean.I would like to thank the poster who mentioned the car park at 350 Beach Street. We used this on 3 of our 4 days, and it is an easy 5 minute walk from the hotel. At USD20 a day, it beat paying the USD35 at the hotel. We got free street parking on the Sunday. If you search hard enough, there is free parking on the street down North Point a few blocks, but it is very hard to get. There is also a Safeway a few blocks down which had great pre-made to go sandwiches and cheap alcohol for those looking to save money like us.The only thing that annoyed me about this property was the Denny's in the foyer. They wanted USD12.99 for the Heartland Scramble, which is USD4.10 more expensive than other Denny's in California. Talk about price gauging! Save yourself the money, and walk the two blocks to the iHOP - its a reasonable price, and the quality of the food was exceptional.All in all, an excellent stay in San Francisco, and an excellent stay from Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smackerel47
<Content>Straight to the fifth floor Good location, a couple of blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and the trolley buses. We got upgraded to the fifth (business) floor when we asked for a king bed with no fuss.Clean and tidy. No real problems. They exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jetsox
<Content>great stay !       the view from the window  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AnnerTramoreIreland
<Content>Great Location We spent four nights at this hotel and found the location perfect . Our room was very nice and large in the main building No complaints until it came to breakfast on the first morning when we were charged $45 for two buffet breakfasts, a little excessive we felt, but we did not get caught again. We found Boudin`s bakery just a short walk away where we had lovely breakfasts at a fraction of the cost. We had a great few days and loved the Wharf area and Pier 39.The city bus tour was excellent where we could hop on and off so we saw a lot in just a few days.Overall this hotel was good value for money without the breakfast  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Muttley67
<Content>Good location This hotel is in a great location - with tram stops closeby tto take you to the centre and good access to the many fish restaurants and attractions of Pier 39.Hotel is of the standard you would expect from Holiday Inn - nothing spectacular but perfectly adequate.Biggest issue for us was having booked through Virgin Holidays (who have reps based in the hotel), the reps were never available at the times they said they would be. Consequently we found the San Fran Sightseeing Co around the corner very helpfu for excursionsl. Book to go on a trip with Doug - you won't regret it!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>nacimientobound
<Content>Clean and recently remodeled hotel Checked in on a Sunday afternoon. The check in was a little slow, but the staff was very friendly. We were checked into the tower adjacent to the Holiday Inn Express. The rooms were recently remodeled. The rooms included coffee makers. Bath included a tub/shower combination. The rooms were very clean. The hotel is one short block to the embarcadero and fisherman's wharf. Parking was typical of SF and was $35/day. In and out privileges were allowed. Booked this room on Priceline as a 3-star. Not sure this is in the same category as Hilton, Hyatt or Embassy Suites as Priceline states, but it was clean, convenient, and recently remodeled.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gailcox
<Content>Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf We stayed two nights at the Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf. Our room was very large, clean and updated with nice bedding, window treatment, and fluffy towels. The only downside was that we were not in the main building, but across the street. It is confusing, there are two Holiday Inn's -one is a Holiday Inn Express that comes with breakfast and then there is the Holiday Inn (no breakfast). The location is GREAT. Walk to everything in the Wharf and Pier 39. Parking was $35 a night - ugh!, so we found free street parking.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarlHott
<Content>Great Location, Good Hotel I have stayed here several times over the last few years. I just got back from a two night stay yesterday. It is really in a great location as har as the Wharf goes and there is lots to do in the area. I have always stayed in the main building so I can't comment on the secondary building. I have always been upgraded to the executive floor (5) but there really isn't much to make it executive. This last stay my coworker had a room on the 4th floor and mine was a little bigger/nicer but his room was fine. I will say it seems they have upgraded some things like bedspreads and such, but it is not a new hotel. That being said, it is clean, comfy and in a great location. Many of the guest seem to be from the UK. I would also say it is a kids welcome type of hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>UKJenCornwall
<Content>Great location This is a great hotel right in the centre of San Francisco. We stayed 3 days and the service was excellent. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RWholton
<Content>spot on location We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as a recommendation from our travel agent and wasn't disappointed.We found the room to be adequate clean and comfy bedroom, the location is great just 10mins walk to sea front and pier 39.We didn't choose to eat in the hotel, but this was because there's so much too do outside of it.I couldn't fault it for the money we paid and had no problems checking in or out.The view is limited from your window but this didn't matter to us.There are plenty of bars and eating places within 10 mins walk.We do intend to go back to SF and would stay at the same place again, only for longer.Tips : Full Irish breafast in the morning just as you come out front turn right and over the road. Jacks bar 68 beers on tap! (seafront).Alcatraz tour (try the night tour). China town, and plenty to do down the piers. WW2 submarine very interesting.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>clubmeister
<Content>Great Location I stayed at the Holiday Inn during a five day convention in San Francisco. I found this hotel to be quite dated and in need of remodeling. However, my room was very clean and provided everything that I needed for a comfortable stay. I was on the 5th floor which is their business floor. There are three computers with internet access and printers next to the elevators on that level.As for convention access, I was a long ways from the Moscone center. Our convention provided complimentary bus service, but it took about 30 minutes to get to the Moscone center. A cab ride was around $10 to get down into the convention center/Market St. area.As for the local area. This hotel is only two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. So there are numerous restaurants and bars in the area. The trolley stop for all three major lines are all within a couple of blocks. So I feel that this is an excellent location if you are tourist.Overall, I had a fine stay here. The location is excellent for a night out around Fisherman's Wharf or the North Beach area. Hopefully, this hotel will get a facelift in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NZtravellers08
<Content>Never Ever Again!!! Earlier this year my myself, along with my husband and two daughters aged 12  14 embarked on the trip of a lifetime to the United States. Unfortunately on arrival in San Francisco our youngest daughter had a severe tummy bug and we were very anxious to get to our hotel so she could rest. Upon arrival at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf we checked in and were given the key to our room which was extremely tired and dated. The curtains were closed when we entered the room and when we drew them back we were horrified to find that we were looking out into a carpark at a brick wall! It was also very noisy and the room was very cold thus my daughter was unable to rest well. The staff were very unsympathetic of our plight and after spending approximately 3 hours on the premises we promptly left to another hotel in Union Square (The Handlery) which bent over backwards for us. On checking out of the Holiday Inn we were assured by the young woman on the desk that we would not be charged for the accommodation which we had booked ahead for 3 nights but were horrified to discover on arrival back in New Zealand we had been charged on our credit card for 3 nights accommodation. After several costly phonecalls and some time later we finally received a credit for this. We will never stay in this hotel again, nor any other Holiday Inn again as we found others that we used in the United States to also be disappointing. This is not a hotel chain we would recommend.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>CheshireBuddie
<Content>Good location for seeing the sights I stayed at the Holiday Inn, Fisherman's Wharf for four nights in October 2007 with three friends on a three centre holiday with Virgin Holidays - San Fransisco first, then on to Las Vegas and Los Angeles. We specifically chose the area of Fisherman's Wharf as it is geared towards the tourist and as we had never visited San Fransisco before, it suited our needs. It's approximately a 20 minute drive from the airport and check in was quick. Virgin Holidays use the second building in the next street but it was only a couple of minutes walk away. The Denny's on the ground floor of our building was really handy and there's a shop and coffee bar in the main hotel foyer. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and also quiet as ours were on the 5th floor. It's only a short walk to the main sights of Fisherman's Wharf and to the cable car turnaround. As it's a busy area, it felt safe at night. We didn't visit the hotel restaurant, preferring to get out and about. Boudin's upstairs restaurant overlooking the sea is worth a visit and there's plenty of choice for food and drink at Pier 39.Our group was extremely satisfied with our stay and if you are looking for a convenient base from which to explore the city, this hotel is an excellent choice in my opinion.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>photog72
<Content>Save on Parking We stayed at this hotel from February 21 and checked out on February 23. Pricelined the hotel for $65 per night. Called ahead and requested a king size bed for just the two of us. When we arrived at the hotel, they granted the request. Based on reviews here, we were put up at the beach hotel - the one with the Denny's inside of it. Our room was an end unit on the second floor. Aside from traffic outside, everything on the inside was just fine. The free wifi was nice to have. I had already reserved a room in the Cow Hollow section of the city. That hotel provided free parking, and cost about $85 per night. So, my goal was to find parking that was less than $35 per night that the Holiday Inn wanted. We found a parking garage close by that has parking for $20 for 24 hours! It is located at 350 Beach St. Look for the Enterprise rental car agency located there too. There was one big negative, you had to prepay your parking. They have automated parking ticket dispensers and I used my credit card to pay for the parking. There are no in/out privileges. You have to park in a numbered stall first, then walk over to the machine and punch in your numbered stall. If you need to take the car out of the garage during the 24 hours, someone else CAN park in that spot, and you'll have to buy more time in another spot. However, if you get back into that spot and you still have the parking ticket, you're golden. Remember to place that parking ticket on top of the dash board so it can be easily viewed. I do not know if access to the garage is granted in the middle of the night, nor what time it closes... if ever. I don't know about security. I do know I kept nothing of value in the car overnight. I do know I saved $15/day by parking there. It is 1 block east (on Beach St.) from the secondary building. Not a far walk at all. When it was time to pack the car for the trip back, I drove it to the temporary parking at the hotel, and we loaded up.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>mjm964
<Content>Nice Stay at the Holday Inn Fishermans Wharf The hotel is an a great location to fishermans wharf and public transportation to all the others. Our room was clean and the hotel check in was pleasant and friendly. The bed was comfrotable. My wife used the exercise facilty that has some treadmills and ellipitical machines. Be sure to take a cable car ride.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Freq_Bus_Traveler
<Content>Not one I'd pick again Stayed here for a conference, but I wouldn't stay again if I had the choice. Was put in a second building that was farther away than the Hilton or Marriott. Rooms were ok. Best thing was the free internet. STAY AWAY from the Denny's in the hotel - worst food I've ever eaten in a restaurant, even by Denny's standards.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	5	

<Author>mochamomBrea
<Content>Not bad We stayed at this hotel, in room 303 (Columbus building), from Dec 23, 2007-Dec 27, 2007. We were given a room with 2 double beds (I thought we'd get queens but you never know with priceline) in the main building of the hotel. The hotel is clean and the staff are helpful. The restaurant inside the hotel, The Bristol, is open for breakfast and dinner, and kids eat free with paying adults. The breakfast prices are high (it can be charged to your room), but cheaper than the Denny's across the street, and a buffet is available; all food was made to order. There is a gift shop inside the hotel where you can purchase souveniers or items you may have forgotten, and even stamps for postcards. Our room was small but clean. The bathroom has a coffee maker (makes a single cup at a time), shampoo, conditioner, soap and lotion. The hotel is located one block from a Starbucks and restaurants, and two blocks from the Cable Car turnaround. Pier 39 is within walking distance. Parking is available, but you have to pay $35 a night plus tax (although we were only charged for one night of parking). There is a concierge on site to provide directions or recommendations for things to do. There is an outdoor pool, and a small exercise room. I also noticed a pool table in the restaurant. While I didn't hate the place, I'd probably stay at a Holiday Inn Express next time because they provide a free breakfast and are newer.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Calle77
<Content>Nice hotel. Overall a nice hotel.Great location close to Fishermans Wharf and 10-15 min. to Union Square by taxi or cable car.Front desk staff not too helpfull.How ever, the concierge recomended several restaurants - tried one (steak rest.) and it was great and affordable.I had a room on the 5th floor (business floor). On the floor is three pc麓s with free Internet. The hotel also offers free wireless Internet through out the hotel.My room was spacious and clean and with a view of Alcatraz. Aircon was a bit noisy.Great breakfast buffet, with waffles and pan cakes - aprox. $ 20 pp.Underground parking, aprox. $35 per day.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>lobstersky
<Content>Don't take this Dump I have no idea why there are so many good reviews for this hotel. Quite possibly one of the ugliest hotels in San Francisco, inside and out. The beds in our room were the worst I have slept on in years. We woke up with sore backs. The rooms were outdated. The floor was wet in one corner of our room. The heating/AC was very very loud. Other guests were very loud and staff did not quiet them. When we asked to switch rooms, our request was denied.We found used tissues on the floor of our room upon check-in. When we asked the front desk about a good place to eat in San Francisco, the mecca of good restaurants, we were told to go to the hotel's on-site DENNY'S.This hotel was very disappointing. There is no way it deserves a 4. The service was poor. The housekeeping was poor. The look and smell of the hotel was poor. The location was decent, but who cares about that when you are walking around with a sore back all day from the hard beds where I could outline all of the individual springs. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>aussiegirlallie
<Content>Loved the Holiday Inn!! We Stayed at this hotel in early October this year. We got a great deal through Hotwire. Holiday Inn was a great choice for us. The location is fantastic, Close to absolutely everything including Starbucks!! Rooms were a decent size. There were four of us and we didn't feel at all cramped. The rooms were very clean, beds were extremely comfortable, room service excellent. Laundry was a welcome sight as four weeks on the road does bring forth a lot of washing and it wasn't overpriced.We stayed in the beach annex building which is also very close to where you could book your tours and Denny's downstairs was a bonus.All in all we would highly recommend this hotel and plan on staying here again if we ever get lucky enough to return to fabulous San Francisco!!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gazm
<Content>Good area Stayed one night as part of a flying visit to the city during a holiday to Vegas.Decent hotel in a good location for visiting the main attractions such as fisherman's wharf and pier 39.Normal Holiday Inn quality rooms and a restaurant that served a nice meal at a reasonable price.My only grouch was finding a letter through my door in the morning informing me I was entitled to a room upgrade if possible and a free drink on account of my priority club membership. Would have preferred to have been told when it would have done me some good but never mind these things happen.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>magspool
<Content>Holiday Inn - great location, great hotel       City at night  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>M1NX
<Content>Handy for Alcatraz We stayed at this hotel for two nights only.whilst on holiday in the US. Our room was in the Beach building which was a bit of a walk from the main building with our luggage. We didn't try the Dennys partly because of some of the reviews we had read and partly because there was an awful smell from the place. The Beach building was handy for the wharf area and certainly for Alcatraz and Pier 39. Yes the hotel is in a Touristy area, but we are tourists. We ate in Wipeout on pier 39 on our first night, mainly due to the fact that everything seemed to be closing at around 9pm and also that we had just had a very long flight and couldn't be bothered to look too far. The meals were ok but a large budweiser cost $7.95!The hotel room was fine and the room was comfortable and clean.The beds were very comfy.We had a nice view of Alcatraz. Not having been in the main building of the hotel, I couldn't comment on the hotel facilities. We had pre booked our visit to Alcatraz and enjoyed the visit.The views of San Francisco were spectacular from the island. We rode the cable car and walked back through Union Square and China town. We didn't see too many vagrants unlike mentioned in some reviews. But then again we come from a large city and are accustomed to seeing homeless people. On our second night we ate in Lorries diner in Giraldhelli Square. It was fine. The hotel was okay but wasn't worth the price we had paid for it.I think I'd rather go to the Holiday Inn Express next time where breakfast is included. For breakfast on both mornings we ate in the Wharf Coffee House on Beach street.The breakfast was good and the cost reasonable.The staff were so friendly and the coffee shop was near. I would love to return to San Francisco because we didn't have long enough there.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>msstatebulldog
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised Just returned from spending a week at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf. I decided quite late to attend the Oracle OpenWorld conference. A month before the conference, all hotels in San Francisco were booked. Thanks to a cancellation, I was able to book the Holiday Inn. It wouldn't have been my first choice. I normally stay at a four or five star hotel. Also, this was quite a commute to Moscone.Based on other reviews, I called to request a room in the main building. On arrival, I was given a room on the business executive floor (5th). There were 3 computers available for guests on the floor. My room had free wireless internet, a small refrigerator and microwave. The room had been renovated fairly recently and was in nice shape. The bed was comfortable and with the choices from the pillow menu, I slept surprisingly well.The only downside to the stay was the small in-room safe. I had called in advance to make sure there was a safe in the room that would hold my laptop. I was put on hold for about 5 minutes while they checked. On arrival, I found that the safe was too small to hold my purse, much less my laptop. For the price paid, this was a nice hotel. It is very convenient to the touristy wharf area.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	2	4	5	

<Author>shamtipp
<Content>great hotel stayed at this hotel for 5 nights this october it is very clean rooms are good size and housekeeping is completed each day the reception staff are very helpful and theconceirge can organise all you tours for you and in most cases can have you picked up at hotel would recomend stay here in preference to any place else as all the life is around here  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sangria03
<Content>Nice hotel-good location We went for a midweek getaway for our anniversary from Oct 24-26 2007. Paid $195 a night (AARP rate) for 2 doubles but we got upgraded to a king at checkin. Our room was in thebeach building which was a block away from registration. That was an unexpected walk with luggage We didn't have a car which was a plus as parking is $35 a day. This building has a Denny's restaurant. (one of buildings entrances is the same as the restaurant). Our room on the 6th floor was at the opposited end. (more walking)Room was clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly. Always a hello when you passed them in the halls. The elevator was friendly too. It would welcome you when entering from the lobby and say goodbye when you got off on your floor. This section of the hotel itself was very quite although our window(which opened) faced a busy street which was noisy quite early in the morning.Room has both wireless  wired internet which was one of the reason we chose it. However I can;' comment on it as we decided to leave the laptop at home at the last minute. Coffemaker was of the heat hot water and instant coffee variety. If you want a good cup of coffee to get you started, thisi isn't it. So while the room was nothing special,the best part of this hotel was the location to public transporation. The Powell-Hyde line cable car line is 2 blocks away and the #30 bus which goes downtown is only a block away. That bus became our best friend and with the vistor muni pass (highly recommended)-took us everywhere we wanted to go.That plus Fishermans wharf a block and 1/2 away make this hotel a good deal and probably the best you will find that close to the wharf.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stripeymule
<Content>great location Stayed at the holiday Inn for 4 nights and would definately recommend this hotel to anyone else. It is not one for luxury and pomp, but the rooms were spacious, clean and very pleasant. The location is excellent, within easy walking distance to the wharf and all it can offer, restaurants, outings and even within easy reach to other sights such as Lombard Street and Union Square! For the price, location and cleanliness, this hotel is definately good value for money!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Tymp
<Content>An enjoyable weekend       Our bedroom  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Macklin
<Content>Everything great! We stayed here from 6th-9th September and were really pleased with hotel. Concierge very helpful and had booked us on night city tour before we even had chance to check in! So we checked in at 3pm and were picked up at 5pm for tour.That was great value.. starting off with dinner in McCormicks and Culeto's seafood restaurant. We were in the Beach Building, a little walk from the main reception. Away from the pool but we didnt have time for that anyway. Were very impressed with quality of food and service in Denny's 24 hour diner at entrance to Beach Building. Everything was very clean... our room and beds very comfortable and quiet (we were on 5th floor) and couldn't think of any comments to put on our card at the end saying Is there anything we do have done to improve your stay. Tried breakfast a Joanie's adjacent to main building. Popular with locals, all food cooked to order so a little wait, but sure worth it.Hotel location is superb for Pier 39 and Fishermans Wharf and cable car turning point, as well as streetcars. Also a few minutes from bicycle hire set-ups. We cycled over Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito and back (18 miles!), but you can catch the ferry back.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gladtobehere
<Content>City by the bay This was our 2nd visit to San Francisco the only down side we found that Fishemans Wharf area was a little run down and tatty compared to our previous visit 4 yearsago.Run down stalls selling the same old tee-shirts etc.and the homeless tramps.Jumping on a cable car (is it towntown or uptown)was as before quite an experience,the Union Square area has not changed.The hotel was first class no complaints,nice large rooms and plenty space and handy for Dennys for breakfast,overall a pleasant stay,pity about the weather kind of cold especially walking over the Golden Gate Bridge.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liffey
<Content>Great location We loved the location of this hotel, which is a great selling point. We got put into the annexe, probably because there was an error on our booking (on their part). We didn't mind, but having read other reviews I'd prefer the main building next time. It's a short walk to the annexe and as we had a car in the hotel's car park, a bit of a pain at the end of a long day's sightseeing. We also didn't know you could take the car round to load/unload so we lugged all our stuff there by hand when we first arrived. Someone at the hotel could have helped with that, in hindsight.We wanted the use of a car as we drove out of SF several times, but if you plan to stay in the city don't bother with a hire car. It's $35 a day to park at the hotel and transport is easy in SF with good links near the hotel. The room was clean but the annexe felt a bit quiet and barren. I wouldn't want to be staying there on my own. The lobby isn't always staffed but there was usually a night watchperson around. You can get breakfast (toast etc) at Denny's on the ground floor and take it up to your room (or get a decent husband to fetch it!!) and there was a coffee maker. Being British, I managed to make passable tea with it and the staff at Denny's gave me loads of tiny milk cartons to take to the room. A fridge in the room would have been useful though, to store milk etc. The room could also have done with a couple of easy chairs. We just had one upright chair. All of the staff we encountered were helpful and polite. They got directions for journeys printed off the internet for us.It was an average hotel, no luxuries but adequate for a short stay in SF.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karleigh04
<Content>Loved the Restaurant  We are a little slow writing this review. We stayed here for four nights and loved the close proximity of this hotel to Fishermans Wharf itself, which is good for any sightseeing around the bay, etc. Our biggest praise though is for the staff and service in the restaurant. They have the best steaks. So so tender and that is saying something when you are from Australia where we have the best steaks. It was my birthday whilst staying here and the manager and staff of the restaurant made it really enjoyable for me, arranging for some cakes and even singing happy birthday. My daughter also enjoyed having internet access and I enjoyed finally having laundry facilities which were sadly lacking in our other accommodation choices on the west coast. All in all we would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lindenCR
<Content>Ehhhh...so-so stay at the Holiday Inn As all the other reviews state, location, location, location....nothing here wowed us over our 3 night stay except the easy walk to Fishermans Wharf. I thought for $245/night (AAA rate) the room was a little small for our family of 4....bathroom was decent, shower pretty good and all were very clean. No fridge is a HUGE incovenience with kids...had to ask for extra ice buckets to keep a few drinks handy and cold. Ate one meal at the restaurant in the main building where we stayed...DO NOT recommend it! Kids eat free (meals for them were pretty good), but not a lot of selection for us grownups and the prices are outrageous! (Doesn't even make up for the fact that the kids meals are free!) Can't comment much on the service...didn't really need anything during our stay. Parking is pretty steep, but seems on par with everything else in the area. We never got a chance to use the pool (weather was very cold, rainy and windy), but it looked ok. Overall, doubt we'll be back to San Francisco anytime soon, but would probably chance another hotel next time anyway.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Robinko
<Content>NOT a 3 Star Hotel! We were in a room in the annex, down the street and around the corner. There was no desk clerk in that building. When I called the front desk of the main bldg. on Friday at 5pm to get a taxi (I'm an entertainer and was performing downtown), no one answered the phone! This went on 20 minutes, till I ran down the street to the main bldg. in my gown to have the porter hail a cab! Rooms clean, but no refrigerator (much less a microwave) for those expensive leftovers from Fishermans Wharf. No towels at the pool at 10am Saturday. Exercise room about 12ft x 12 ft., not much in there. Paid $2.50 in the gift shop for 4 ($.026) postcard stamps, clerk told me it costs $.69 to send postcard! I checked at front desk and was told the same. Had to ask the concierge to get the right postage amount! Other than location, I do not recommend this hotel, and it should be rated 2 stars, not 3. Next time we'll pay the difference and try the Sheraton.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>WXRN
<Content>Great Location, but That's It. This is a great location. It is an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf, the cable cars, Ghiardelli Chocolate, and even the Alcatraz Tour, though that was a bit further. Parking was $35 per night, but what can you do. The main lobby was very nice, but we got stuck in the building next door, which I believe is where all the riff-raff with AAA discounts are condemned. There is no parking there, except for around 10 spots near the main entrance which were constantly full. So, you have to double park, drop off the luggage, then drive back to the posh hotel to park. Then you repeat the process when you leave. The annex is barren, except for the Denny's, which was crowded (not sure why with so much great food around). The rooms were adequate and clean. We only got 3 bath towels for the 4 of us, and it took over an hour on two consecutive nights to get a 4th. Our view was of the tourists in the next wing of the annex. We would stay again only for the location, but try to get a room in the main building. Maybe things are nicer there.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>busymakingwings
<Content>Great location, very helpful staff Stayed for 4 nights at the end of a 17 day vacation in California. The hotel staff are very professional and helpful. As we used our Priority Club membership number when we booked (even though we have only used it once before) we were given an excellent room exclusive to club members and given tokens for two free drinks in the bar. Nice touch we thought. Also on our floor there were three PC's available so we could use the internet free of charge.The room had a great view over to Alcatraz (albeit with a sub view of the car park next to the hotel). The room was spacious, clean with nice toiletries and a bath robe. Also there was good information in the room about what to do in San Francisco.We ate out for breakfast most days and found a great diner in Ghiradelli Square which was excellent - great food and service.We did use the bar on one or two evenings as we met up with friends travelling from Australia and the kids especially enjoyed the Pool Table. One negative point. One of the female bar staff on duty was really miserable and kept telling us the kids were not allowed to drink which we were well aware of and had ordered them soft drinks anyway.Nice swimming pool and fitness room which was an added bonus.The doormen were exceptional. Always helpful and their service was excellent. With our friends we were a party of six and thought we would hire two taxis to take us to the Golden Gate Bridge but the doorman suggested hiring a limo for an hour as it would work out cheaper. It was a great idea as we not only got to see the bridge, we drove over it, he stopped both ends to allow us to take prictures then also drove us to Lombard Street afterwards. Great value for $75.Tip if you want to go to Alcatraz and they do not have a time slot for you. Show up at 8.00 and you will have a great chance of getting on a trip as they receive unused bookings back overnight. We were told the earliest was on the next Tuesday, the day we were leaving so we thought we wouldn't be able to go. We heard about going down to the ticket office at 8.a.m. on the Monday and got on the 9.a.m. boat no trouble at all. Well worth the visit too.Fisherman's Wharf is just around the corner. It is very busy but great fun for a few days. The cable car is two minutes away also so it is easy to get around the city yet we found our room to be very quiet and relaxing.The hotel booked us a shuttle back to the airport on the day we left.Overall we had a great few days. Good value, good location and aexcellent service.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SmithS&B
<Content>Staff need to go on customer service training! We stayed in the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for 4 nights in June 2007. Upon arriving we were shown to our room in the Annexe building. No bar, no restaurant (just a Dennys) no receptionist. The room was fine but it over looked the dumpsters at the back and faced a brick wall. Not ideal but we thought it would just have to do. At 6 am the next morning we got an unscheduled alarm call as the truck arrived to empty the dumpsters. The noise was so horrendous it felt like the truck was actually reversing through our bedroom. An hour later when we had just managed to get back to sleep the truck arrived back to empty more dumpsters!We went down to request that we be moved to another room and the receptionist was very frosty. Muttered a lot about if we didnt like that room then we would like this one etc. I finally lost my temper and yelled at her we have had this trip booked for 6 months and flown half way across the world. There is no way you are putting us in a crappy room in an annexe that you only give to someone when there is nothing left. All of a sudden there is a room available in the main building over looking the pool, Ideal! It was a nice room, no noise at all. The concierge was completely off-hand when we asked him to book transfers to the airport and actually snatched our flight details out of my husband's hand. The reception staff were very unhelpful when we told them we had a problem with our bill. To top it all our airport transfer that the concierge arranged was late. We decided to save time and use the auto check in terminal they have in reception. We went through the check in procedure and the boarding cards did not print out. We explained this at reception and their answer was oh, that's not working. (They knew it wasn't working but did not think to put a sign on it saying so) We then had a job trying to explain at the airport why we had checked in but had no boarding cards. The whole place was extremely unprofessional and the staff had a couldn't care less attitude. On the plus side, the room was OK and clean and location good for Fisherman's Wharf and the Cable Car to Union Square.Would not stay here again. We had spent the previous week in Las Vegas where the customer service we experienced was first class every place we went. We were firmly disappointed with the Hol Inn.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Rmorrison
<Content>Great Location - But Noisy As mentioned in Previous reviews the Hotel comprises of 2 buildings , we where in the building whcih was around the corner and across the street, The reason for this is that we booked with Virgin Holidays and thats where the Reps where and the welcome meetings. We where in a room on the ground floor , just below street level and by the traffic lights, so although the window was shut we heard all the car noise and people walking past the window at all hours of the day and night. The room was clean and there was a safety deposit box in the room. We only stayed for the 4 nights so the hotel apart from the noise was okay for the short time we where thereThe location of the hotel is idela for the whole of the wharf area, and the Dennys within the 2nd building is ideal for a great breakfast. Must do in San Francisco is to hire bikes from the wharf and cycle over the Golden Gate bridge and downhill to Sausalito, ( Ferry back as the cycle back is up some very steep hills)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LucyBDevon
<Content>Ideal location Excellent location for the Wharf and to pick up the sightseeing bus for the city. Convenient, clean and great for a long weekend stay. You get what you pay for so although it is not luxurious in any way, its the location that sells this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>SarahDaisy
<Content>Disappointing Hotel For the price, this hotel is really not great. We stayed over 3 nights week of 28th May, and it wasn't brilliant at all. Weather was dreadful - which didn't help. Hotel was rather tired and tacky. At least the heater did work. Staff were not as snooty as a lot of other SF staff - which wouldn't be hard! The gift shop attendants were lovely, and the laundry was a relief after 10 days on the road. We did get a smoking room, however, which was hard to do in SF.Don't make the mistake of eating in the restaurant. Food was awful, service appalling and incredibly expensive. We actually left the restaurant and asked at the front desk for a bill, as we waited almost 15 minutes for one of the three servers/attendants in a restaurant with 4 table occupied at 9.00 pm to get us a bill. Eventually, the server came out with the bill and when I handed it back after signing, she said What, no tip? (completely seriously). As if!!We would not go back there if back in SF.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	2	4	

<Author>JimmyDAlberta
<Content>Very nic elocation and staff were great We just wanted to say that our stay at the Holiday Inn in Fishermans wharf was excellent. The staff were friendly and polite. Each day when we walked down the hall and out for a morning coffee, we were greated with friendly hellos  good morning from the cleaning staff. The room was well kept and enjoyable to stay in. The location is excellent and close to the wharf, morning breakfast establishments and various pubs, restaurants etc.One confusing thing about this hotel was that many travellers had been dropped off at the main hotel and had to travel 1 block to an ajoining Holiday Inn. We noticed a few travellers that were getting there luggage transported to the ajoining hotel and could see that they were a little confused.All in all, the Hotel is well kept, clean and very hospitible to travellers and definately made our trip to San Francisco an enjoyable one.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJB100
<Content>Satisfactory hotel, excellent location I stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for three nights at the end of April 2007.I stayed in the hotel block which was located around the corner from the main hotel. For me this caused no problems. I found the staff polite and friendly. They were happy to take my luggage to and from the main building where I got dropped off and picked up. The room was spacious and clean. The only problem was when I used the laundry room and the dryer swallowed my money. I did however get a refund on this. The Denny's restaurant which is located inside the hotel is also highly recommended, especially after a long flight.The location is excellent for sightseeing, especially if it is your first visit to San Francisco. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again myself. If you find yourself staying in the hotel block around the corner it really is only a few minutes walk and had no impact on my stay whatsoever.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>doozi
<Content>Disappointing! Very disappointing service! Great location with regard to Pier 39 but we had to walk around the corner  down the street to get to our room which was in a totally different building from where we checked in! We were charged $3 more for parking than was listed on the hotel's web site and for some reason none of the personnel at the hotel had access to the web site to confirm and wouldn't refund our $3! I found that hard to believe! Isn't it worth $3 to keep your guests happy? The desk clerk's handwriting was illegible, so I had to ask her what the room number was and she gave me the wrong number! We were almost late for our event because of the slow service  set up of the hotel. Also, no valet parking; only self parking for $35/night! (Web site shows $32).  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Ruth84
<Content>Loved the location, 1 block from the wharf. This was our last stay on our trip to America. We were booked into the Beach street annexe of the hotel. My husband and I were a bit worried after reading other reviews of this hotel, but the only bad thing about this booking was the walk of one block round the corner to our room, also everything had to be done and booked in the main hotel, for instance trips and so forth. The good thing was the Dennys restaurant on the ground floor of the annexe, it was great, as when we arrived, we were tired, so we ate there that evening and it was quite reasonable, and very pleasant. We did the Alcatraz trip, brilliant, walked over the Golden Gate Bridge, awesome. San Francisco is beautiful, Fishermans Wharf was fabulous. The absolute highlight of our trip was the 17 mile drive coach ride, a whole day out along highway 1, scenery was breathtaking, stopped at Monterey Bay which was beautiful, saw the lone cypress tree and Pebble Beach golf club. Then into Carmel, what a pretty place that is, wish we could of stayed there longer, recommend anyone to do this trip, when visiting SF. It was the most fantastic value for money, we were out and about in the most beautiful places, with a great coach driver, Larry, for about 11hrs all for $65 dollars each, what value. I digress, the hotel was very clean, comfortable and very well located for everywhere in SF. Would recommend to anyone and would defo. go back again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kchamber78
<Content>Great Value in Wharf Stayed 2 nights in this nice hotel. Check in was a breeze with friendly and helpful staff. Stayed on 5th floor (business floor), I would recommend requesting this or pay a few bucks extra to stay up there. Our room had great views of the city and although there was significant street noise (typical for a busy, tourist ridden city) the room was very comfortable. King size bed, tons of pillows labled with firm, medium, soft, two chairs, desk and nice big bathroom. The hotel is located wonderfully to get to the Wharf, North Beach, China Town etc. Would recommend a stay here if you are content on staying in the Wharf, you can't beat the price or the service.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>walt2810
<Content>Good price for the wharf Visitng SF with my parents from NY  the holiday inn was very accomodating. They upgraded both rooms from 2 beds to 1 king bed on the 5th floor (business floor). Very clean and the shower was hot  powerful. The bed was comfy which was surprising ( I usually don't get a goodnight sleep at hotels). Our 2 night stay was enjoyabel. Great location for runners, from the hotel can run towards Fort Mason and get a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge. I would stay there again when visiting.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Honest-Jim
<Content>Disappointing for a Holiday Inn We probably made a mistake at check in. We had booked a non smoking room. We were given a choice 鈥?a non smoking room in a separate Annex block, or an upgrade room in the hotel itself 鈥?albeit a smoking room. After an 11 hour flight and no sleep for nearly 24 hours I cannot always think too clearly; I picked the upgrade. The word 鈥楢nnex鈥?conveys the impression of something tacked on and 鈥榰pgrade鈥?of unexpected benefits and luxury. When we got to the room, I couldn鈥檛 help but think 鈥渋f this is the upgrade, then I wonder what the standard rooms are like鈥? I wouldn鈥檛 go as far as to say it was awful, but it was certainly very tired and in desperate need of refurbishment. It also had a hint of that nasty odour caused by stale cigarette smoke which I suppose was not unexpected. In short, it was disappointing. If it wasn鈥檛 for the fact we were cross eyed with tiredness coupled with the knowledge we were only there for one night, I would probably have requested a different room. On the cleanliness front, I would describe it as reasonably clean but not spotlessly clean. With regard to the heating/air conditioning arrangements, there did not seem to be much variance between hot and cold on the rather ancient unit. Fortunately, neither was really necessary; we had excellent weather for January. On the positive side, there was complimentary internet access on the floor (part of the 鈥榰pgrade鈥?package), as well as a decent sized fridge in the room. We found the staff to be helpful and pleasant, particularly the concierge. We didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel; breakfast seemed expensive for what it was, but there were a number of places just a few minutes walk away from the hotel that did breakfasts for just a few dollars. For dinner, I had done a little bit of research before we arrived. Seemed to me that while there were indeed loads of restaurants in the vicinity, none seemed to stand out as being particularly remarkable. So we picked out one in the Russian Hill district called Antica Trattoria on Polk Street (at Union). It is a 鈥榥eighbourhood鈥?restaurant (ie frequented by locals) 鈥?always a good sign in my experience. It was excellent (you can look it up by tapping the name into Google). About a 10-12 minute walk from the hotel, up a steep hill 鈥?but it鈥檚 downhill on the way back! Cost us approx 拢30 a head with all drinks including a very pleasant bottle of Napa Valley Pinot Noir 鈥?a good meal for a fair price. After we got back to the hotel, we had a quick night cap in the bar. We found the barman to be helpful and knowledgeable.Noting some of the previous comments over the 鈥榯ackiness鈥?of the area 鈥?it certainly was in places. It would be unfair to label the whole area in that way though. 鈥楾ouristy鈥?it certainly is 鈥?and we knew that when we booked. Overall though we found the area to be quite pleasant with a relaxed atmosphere; the nearby Cannery certainly falls into that category. From that perspective, the hotel is very well located. I would only stay at this hotel again if I knew that the rooms had been refurbished. As it was, it was singularly unremarkable.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>craftyketley
<Content>Good value for money We booked an all in flight/hotel deal which was very cheap, being off season. Stayed in 2nd building but had large room with two queen sized beds and was quiet. There was a laundry room in our building and a business centre with internet access in main building which was very useful for checking in for return flight. Reception was helpful but could have done with more staff as often queues. Concierge very friendly and helpful for booking tours. Location was good, historic street car F just around block which takes you to Union Square. As seniors the transport cost us just 50 cents with transfers, amazing value. Some of restaurants on Fisherman`s Wharf seemed a bit tacky, recommend McCormick and Kuleto`s. Excellent sea food with wonderful views.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFOverhyped
<Content>Overpriced and unprepared. Not what they advertised. First off, this place is in two different buildings. I booked my stay here for a conference being held in the main building. I was told the following: there is in-room wireless internet, and a workout room. When I checked in, I was placed in the other building which has no internet, wireless or otherwise, in the rooms. On the top of the 5th floor of the main buildng is a business center consisting of three computers. You must use your room card to get to the the 5th floor. I was also informed the workout facility was closed for repairs. The entire week, my room went from freezing to way too hot; no happy medium with the air conditioning. There is also no airport shuttle. The entire Fisherman's Wharf area is way overhyped and overpriced; I just had lunch of cup of soup and chicken Caesar for 24 bucks plus tip. The rest of the area consist of a few chain restaurants (In and Out Burger) and private places where you roll the dice: sometimes good, sometimes not. I paid 140 for a government rate and it was way too high for what I got in return.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cromb
<Content>Ants in your pants ... yes likely! Has been a while since we stayed at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf but felt that as I am now an avid user of tripadvisor I must warn you about this hotel. The area to us seemed fine during the day but at night it felt a bit seedy and we were warned not to stray too far from the hotel vicinity. The first contact with locals was to hear a young male shouting I'll pop a cap in your --- to another local, not very reassuring! The restaurants were nice if you like seafood and there is a lovely italian about 5 minutes walk into Little Italy. There is a Hard Rock Cafe at the wharf but once you've been to one...... The hotel itself needed a good scrub as for the room it looked fine at first but upon closer inspection there were ANTS running around the dresser YUCK! We were moved to another room but the same problem followed. Luckily we were only there for 2 nights anymore would have been hazardous.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>libbyk
<Content>Business floor....even better I've reviewed this hotel 2 other times and I must admit, each time I stay there is better than the last. My boyfriend and I stayed the weekend after New Years and hoped to get the same room we had had in the second building the last time we visited. BUT we were bumped up to the business floor free of charge (must have been a slow weekend) and wow...Just having a microwave and fridge was great, but the free computer/internet service and printing was above and beyond what I expected.The only downside (and it is a small one) is that I found there to be too many youngsters (aged in the teens) on the floor. But I didn't dislike it enough to have that hinder my overall enjoyment.When I next visit San Francisco, I will pay the extra twenty dollars a night to repeat the great experience.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flyawaynight
<Content>Good Experience I stayed with my boyfriend for a vacation. We asked for early check-in and were accomodated. The front desk service was very helpful. The only thing that we disliked was the parking which was $32/day but the garage was safe, brightly lit, and under the hotel which was convenient. When we got there we were bumped up to the business floor with no extra charge much to our surprise. We never saw the regular floor so we can't compare. We had a good experience and would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KentishTravellers
<Content>avoid Having just read some of the reviews about this hotel I felt I should tell others about our experiences. We stayed in this hotel last year and Id just like to say I totally agree with all those who rated it 1 or 2 star. Im a priority club gold member and stay in Holiday Inn's quite a lot but if this had been my first time it would have been the last. My overriding memory is being told at 3.45 pm when my family and I tried to check in is that the room wasn't ready and would we like to go for a walk for an hour !!! That was the response from the reception desk. Honest. There are nowhere near enough staff there. We did complain on the second day and were given a free breakfast ( ok but it was EXTREMELY pricey if your paying ) The other thing to mention is the Swimming Pool Not really anything to say about this except it isnt what you'd expect. One to be avoided.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>directionless9
<Content>I Loved It!!! What a great experience!!! This hotel was very clean, the staff was very polite, my room was HUGE and it's within walking distance to EVERYTHING!!! There's great pizza, shopping, bars, restaurants and tourist attractions within 5 blocks in every direction of this hotel -I cannot stress enough how great this hotel was!!! Plus, a major bus line which runs to the Civic Center and Haight-Ashbury and the Marina stops directly across the street, and Ghirardelli Square, Pier 39 and the sea lions are only a couple of blocks away!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welshgirlinessex
<Content>Distinctly average OK, so we came here after a stay in Vegas (Venetian) and Hawaii (Hilton) which are very nice hotels - we weren't expecting top class service being a HI but we expected more. When we checked in, they could barely be bothered and gave us a tired looking twin. No help was offered with our 3 large suitcases. I went back downstairs to ask for a king room and they upgraded us to the 5th which was marginally better (never used the microwave) but we weren't told we had to use the room key to get on the 5th floor . We liked the internet access. The rooms were clean and functional. We went downstairs to get a drink and something to eat (about 9.45) - the restaurant was closed (it was supposed to close at 10) so we asked the bartender for a bar menu. He gestured towards the drink menu and we had to repeat our request. He virtually tutted and got a grubby sheet of A4 paper out with about 4 or 5 things on it (calamari, fries, a sandwich - not an inspiring choice). We'd been travelling for hours so we ordered some food and a couple of beers. After another beer, we ordered a Baileys - he asked how we liked it and I told him 'on the rocks' - he then had the nerve to tell me off that 'over here you have to tell us how you want it'. As someone who has travelled extensively in the US (and have never had any problems anywhere else!!) I found him patronising and rude to us (particularly when some other guests came in, we could barely get him to serve us - despite our legendary British politeness!). When we were due to leave, we asked the concierge to book us an airport shuttle - he told us that we could pay later. Thinking he'd booked it, we went for breakfast and checked out. He then told us he hadn't booked it for us and the next one wasn't for 30m mins (luckily we had plenty of time) but it was the attitude that was appalling. I wished I'd stuck to my guns and not let our travel agent talk us out of the Westin now - I was ready to pack my things and pay extra to stay there insteadRecommendations  - the Buena Vista for breakfast and great views of the bay- book Alcatraz in the UK on the internet- go and see the sealions on Pier 39- stay up at Union and not at Fisherman's Wharf- take a coat (we had to buy one)- don't go in November - go to the Stinking Rose - fabulous meal  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	2	4	

<Author>aussie23
<Content>fantastic hotel Arrived in San Fran what a city i would definately go back after the experience we had.Got to the hotel and its huge there are 2 buildings that make up the holiday Inn we were staying at the 2nd building which was on the other side of the street. We arrived early around 1 pm so that was the only room that was ready.The staff there are so friendly and polite and they told us the business centre was at the main building with internet access which was a bonus as we wanted to email family and friends that we were fine.The rooms were big 2 double beds and a nice big bathroom which women always need :) We were just one block from Fisherman's Wharf where all the entertaining and fantastic restaurants are. The hotel had everything you could want. Starbucks is one of the cafes there at the hotel which was handy for our caffeine intake for the days we were there. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.The hotel wasn't expensive like the Sheraton or Marriott across the street from us.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GPManager
<Content>Great Hotel When I first arrived I thought our holiday was going 'pete tong' as our reservation we had made with Virgin Holidays was not there. After ages of looking and trying 3 different other room types we got upgraged to the Business Rooms on the top floor (needed to use room key card to access the floor), Result! The Business Floor gives you free unlimited access to the Internet and very spacious rooms in the main building. Free fridge and In room safe. The Hotel is only 5 min walk brings you to the heart of Fishermans Warf and within walking distance of the other piers. China Town and Lombard Street (crookedy street) is up hill so suggest using the trams or taxi.The only rude people were the bar staff, but at least there was free nibbles (srimp/calamari) to enjoy while you had a relaxing drink. The Hotel has a Denny Restaurant inside the second building. Overall this hotel was clean well, looked after and would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CJI
<Content>This is one of my favourite hotels This was the second time we stayed at this hotelThe location is second to none-so much to do and see the moment you step out of the door.The rooms are a good size and very comfortable,the staff are very helpful and friendly.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennypancake
<Content>Great HOtel Stayed here 2 years ago so knew what to expect, but had a problem when we checked in. We specifically asked for nonsmoking room in the reservation, again at the desk and were assured that it was. We were put over into the annexe, ok, was not sure about this but went along with it, just had an 11 hour flight with a 2hour delay and just wanted a bed. The room allocated was a smoking room!!!!! Phoned the front desk and were informed we would have to go to the main front desk over the road as they were closing. We traipsed over the road again. This time we were given a non smoking room in the main hotel - guess what there was someone else already in that room. By now my Husband was seething. We went down to the desk again and another chap helped out and was most apologetic said this was not normal for their hotel - they were fully booked though and that was probably why we were put in a smoking room. Not my problem - I had this booked for months. He agreed and put us on the Business Class Floor. Could not complain any more after that the room was fantastic and the hotel is so close to everything. The coffee in the room is so disgusting don't bother making it. Tried a couple of times to get coffee from the lobby but there was neveranyone there and found it quicker to go to Starbucks by Walgreens just around the corner. If you are staying here go to Lou's Blues down on the front. Fantastic..  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>jillpea
<Content>Nice hotel Good Location We stayed here in September for the first 3 nights of our fly drive holiday. We were put in the annexe which was no problem at all. Check in was quick and we were advised to take the car over the annexe car park to see if there were any spaces there. Unfortunately it is very small and there were non available but we did unload the luggage and I waited with it while hubby went back to the main car park, easier than dragging through the street. We were lucky enough to get a space though the next day so convenient for when we were leaving.Good size room, as are all american hotel rooms, nice bathroom and everything was clean. We were on the top floor overlooking the inside of the hotel, so no view but also didn't experience any noise which others have mentioned.Yes the area is touristy but it is close to the cable car turnarounds, plenty of bus tours to be found nearby and close to the ferry termimal for alcatraz, so convenient for everything.There is a Walgreens just over the road of any bits and pieces you need and plenty of restuarants around.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>delcm
<Content>great hotel for the price After reading several other reviews, we were hesitant to stay here. But I must say that when we arrived they greeted us and check in was a breeze and she told us that if we needed anything at to please phone, they would be happy to assist us. The rooms were clean and we stayed there for 4 nights. The location is great, just a few minutes from the center of the wharf and down further was Hyde Park. For the price of each night and it being a Hoilday Inn, I did not expect anymore. When we return, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>visit_world
<Content>Good accomadations at a Descent location We stayed Oct 11 to the 14th. Got a great deal from Priceline and I wouldn't bay over $110 for this hotel room. We payed much less than this though...The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Warf is a 3.5 star hotel in my opinion. We stayed three nights in one of the adjacent buildings right above the Denny's. The room was well kept, new looking, and the housekeeping was the friendliest. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was clean and looked new. The carpet and all the room decor was excellent.The bad thing about this hotel is the parking cost. $35 a night is way too much. You would think they would charge $20 a night, which I think is reasonable. I suggest parking in the streets nearby or in the other parking lots. The other perk of this hotel is that it is 5 min walk to Pier 39 and 1 min away from Fisherman's Warf. The other advantage is that the bus and F-line (which takes you into Union square) is right outside. great location.Other hints:1. Do not eat in the Denny's. It is so so expensive. Walk down the street to the IHOP for half the price and better quality and quantity. 2. Walk over to Lombard street (crooked street). Great to see.3. Ask hotel concierge for assistance. They are great.4. Hotel lobby is not impressive and breakfast buffet didn't look worth it. Best to eat at IHOP!5. Don't take the cabs into Union square. Take the BUS (30). It gets you there in 10-15 mins. Also you can take the trolley car which is only a block away on HYDE. Both my wife and I enjoyed our stay here and we would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Heavens
<Content>3rd Stay's not the charm! We had stayed here 3 times before and decided to stay here again as the location was fantastic and we had good experiences with the hotel.This stay was not to be as enjoyable as previous stays! We booked this stay some time ago with Virgin Holidays and were relay excited to be back in San Francisco again!On arriving we checked in. The Holiday Inn is spread across 2buildings, a block apart. A main building and their 2nd building onBeach Street. We were checked into a double room in the other building.We asked if we could stay in the main building and said that we wouldprefer a King Size bed as we were on an anniversary trip. The manager advised us that this was not possible but the room he had allocated us was a lovely room and we should not be disappointed. He said that all their Virgin Holidays customers were always put up in the 2nd building (which was strange as we had always booked with Virgin and had always stayed in the main building!). He advised that we would need to go to the other building and showed us on a map where it was and where the room was.There was no offer of a bell, and the bell men merely just watched us as we dragged our 2 oversized cases, cabin luggage and rucksack across the 1 block hike to the other hotel.We arrived at our room and opened our curtains to find that we werelooking out at a brick wall and we were above the dumpsters and service entry. We were so angry at this having been told that our room would be 'lovely' we went straight downstairs to talk to someone at reception.The reception in the second building was closed (this was approx 3pm ~ normal check in time) and there was no concierge on duty either. We had to walk over to the main building to actually speak with someone!We got to the main building and spoke with another desk staff employee.We advised them of how dissatisfied we were with our room and that wewanted to change. He advised that he would not be able to change us as there were no rooms available as yet. We asked if any were likely to come available and he was unable to answer as they were unable to view all the rooms! After a few moments he said he had located one in the main building and it was a much better room. He said we would need to move from the other building. Again no offer of a bell or even when we walked past the bell (Bear in mind they were VERY busy in conversation with each other!).So we returned to the 2nd building and got all our luggage together and dragged it all back to the Main building and found our new room. Our new dark room! We were looking straight out at a brick wall and still no king size bed as requested!Back to the reception desk again where we spoke with the most venomous woman I have had the displeasure of dealing with! We explained that we were unhappy with the rooms we had been given and wanted a new room. To this we were patronised and spoken down to. She said that we should never have been moved to the main building as it was not policy to have Virgin holiday customers in the main building ~ they are all put up in the 2nd building. We explained that we did not want to stay in the 2nd building and would prefer the main building. We also explained that we had previously booked with Virgin and had always stayed in the main building. This woman then made out that we were lying and said there was nothing much that she could do. Bear in mind that while all this is going on she is wearing a badge that says 'It's all about YOU'!! What a joke.After some time she starts looking at rooms muttering 'If you weren'thappy with that then you won't be happy with this one'. In less that 10 minutes this woman had gotten to know us so well that she knew what me and my husband would like! She tried to move us back to our original room (the one overlooking the dumpster) to which we refused and she finally found us a room in the main building. Again we had to move your own luggage to a room that was one floor higher than our previous room and overlooked the same brick wall!At this point we were exhausted from our transatlantic flight and theluggage moving we had been doing! We decided to settle as it appeared that Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf was no longer 'All About YOU!'After the worst night sleep ever (the room was over the garbage andservice entry on the main building) we decided to try the reception desk one last try to see if any rooms had become vacant during the morning.We spoke to a FANTASTIC lady (Remi) who was very sympathetic to ourneeds and searched out a room for us. She found one which was stillbeing cleaned but put a rush on it for us. Everything that the previous days staff said wasn't possible was suddenly very possible! We were in our new room within the hour! Remi also offered to have our luggage moved for us ~ something that we hadn't been offered before either!Our new room was great ~ Remi had upgraded us to the 5th floor (the only real difference in the actual room is you get a microwave). But we were high enough up not to hear any of the service lorry noises and we actually had a view of the city!We went along to our 'Virgin holidays Rep' meeting and spoke with other holiday travellers there. And what a surprise, most of these were in the main building. So this so called policy of putting Virgin Customers in the 2nd building seems a bit suspect to me.Our stay was fantastic after Remi sorted things out for us. We nearly cancelled our stay and moved across the street due to the previous nights farce at reception!If you are a Virgin Holidays customer, and are staying for 4nights ormore, make sure you attend the welcome meeting and get your FREE BayCruise (worth $21 dollars each). The Virgin rep does not like to give these out unless he is pressed!Would I stay here again - No! One bad experience at check in has ruined 5 years good work by this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>Dinolola
<Content>Tourist conveyor belt in awful location This hotel is probably one of the worst we have ever stayed in. When checking in the receptionist probably wouldn't have even noticed if our heads were on upside down. We were not told where the room was, never mind about any of the amenities or breakfast times etc. Our room was cold, dark and overlooked a blank blue wall. In the morning we discovered that we were situated next to the hotel loading area and the noise from the trucks reversing was horrendous. We asked to change rooms, which was an incovenience not just for us, but by the response from the staff was also and inconvenience for them as well. We were offered an upgrade to a business room at an additional charge of $40 per night but the room was the same apart from the fact it had a microwave oven (??) so we declined. In the end we were offered a room overlooking the street and pool area which at least made the room brighter and appear warmer. The rooms were clean, and functional but nothing special. A bit dated and drab but I suppose it was just a 'base' at the end of the day. Don't be expecting anything luxurious, this hotel is just functional and sees tourists come and go like a conveyor belt. Fishermans Wharf was not our cup of tea, but everybody likes different things. We found it very tacky (Blackpool), lots of gift shops selling junk, arcades and the usual attractions as seen in Blackpool - Ripleys Belive It Or Not  the obligatory wax museum etc. Restaurants sell lots of seafood, clam chowder is inescapable. Great bakery (Boudin sourdough) worth a visit and the seals on Pier 39 are great. Lots of homeless people and gangs of lads on the corner make it feel a little unsafe, especially at night. The best places to hang out at the Wharf were Ghiradelli Square and the Cannery - more sophisticated. The Mandarin chinese restaurant at Ghiradelli is EXCELLENT. Also recommend a visit to North Beach area as well with some good italian eateries. Union Square has LOTS of homeless. We have never experienced it on such a scale before. It is very sad seeing all these poor people in a country so full of obvious wealth, you really had to have your witts about you as sometimes it can be a bit scary. Also recommended HIGHLY is trip to Alcatraz. TIP - Take plenty of fly spray - the island is infested with the little beggars. We had a nice time but will not ever be returning to the Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Cornishwoman
<Content>Good location A very good location if you want to stroll around the Wharf and area. A bus stop opposite the hotel will take you through the Italian district, china town and union square. After reading reviews we decided to e-mail the hotel direct a week before we went to request we stayed in the main building on Columbus Ave, this was honoured and im glad we did this. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The hotel restaurant not worth the money just go down the road to the Italian, Cioppinos's, the conceirge did not recommend this restaurant but we ate there twice, very good. The lady serving at the bar in the hotel was pleasent and I heard her often helping tourists with were to go and what to see. Alcatraz is a must to see and also to go and eat in china town.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>NZTraveller
<Content>Hated The Location We stayed at 3 hotels in San Fran, here at Fisherman's Wharf, one on Sutter St near Union Square and one on Van Ness.This wasn't the worse, that would the be The Cathedral on Van Ness.But Fishermans Wharf is tacky. We caught a cab everyday over to Union Square to get away from the tourists, the ugly shops and expensive but rubbish Italian restaurants. The hotel itself was OK. Not worth the $244 a night though.The first night we were put in the room directly above the loading bay. I think it's room 186? If your room backs onto Beach St I would advise checking. And Beach St seems to be the venue to drag races on weekend nights so you'll be lucky to get sleep anyway.I would advise staying at Hotel Carlton on Sutter St.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JanLovedSF
<Content>LOVED EVERYTHING Loved everything about SF, including the hotel - maybe it was a little pricey, but you are paying for the location and the brand - we thought the location was fantastic, and the hotel really clean - no problems -it was a little noisy in the hotel room at night, but most cities are noisy, so we had earplugs and had no problems. We never ate in the hotel, as there were a million places to go, almost on the doorstep. We particularyl liked Fiddlers Green and Tiernans pubs - both had live music on every night and had a really nice atmosphere. - yes there are beggars, but its a big city, and all cities have them - we never felt threatened and felt really safe walking round any time day or night. As for those who say Fishermans Wharf is a tourist trap, well, maybe, but I am a tourist  loved it !! Had a beautiful meal at McCormick  Kuleto in Ghiradhelli Square, and another great one at Cioppinos on Jefferson - walked over the bridge, did Alcatraz, Muir Woods, went up the glass elevator in the westin st francis (great views of Union Sq) ; LOVED everything - we are already making plans to return. - I really did leave my heart in San Francisco !!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>PebblesUK
<Content>Bring your ear-plugs Typical American hotel: clean but well worn.Area very tacky, Blackpool in a warm climate with a liberal dosing of beggars !Not the sort of area where you would wander the streets after dark.The room we stayed in was very noisey. You could hear people talking on the street outside. You could hear every car that passed.The 'choice' of food was non-existent. Very poor.Won't be going back.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>RoughGuide1
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights from 04 September - although this is a standard holiday inn - the room was great, location is great and the staff were great -Would recommend this hotel to anyone who is staying in San Fran.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>buncey47
<Content>Great Location  Spent 4 nights here over labor day weekend. Check in went smoothly - we beat the bus load off our flight as we hired a car. Room fine - in second block across the street where the seem to stick the Brits - not entirely happy abput having to lug all our luggage around the street - glad it didn't rain. Room had 2 double beds, tv, phone , safe etc - normal for this class of hotel. We did get some noise from the street early in the day so ear plugs may be useful. Loads of (touristy) shops and resturants nearby and 10 mins walk from Pier 39 - nice place to while away an hour of so in the eveinng. Ate in the hotels Denny's once - food as per norm but twice the price - try Blue Mermaid at the Cannery or Boudin - the bakery. Oir favorite part of the trip was the Segway tour we took - we had a brilliant time - they are a small company based near the Cannery. If I was comming to SF again I would stay here again - cannot beat location..  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>moonpalace2
<Content>Close to Fishermans Wharf We stayed here for the last two nights of our road trip around California, Our hotel room wasn't in the main block but in another block across the road from the reception - trying to park the car was even better in the tight car park they had under the hotel.We had some walk with our cases to get there and felt a bit uneasy as it was right opposite Fishermans Wharf.Fishermans Wharf is fine except for the touts on the streets spoil it - be warned they do hound you as we found on our first trip out and ended up $15 down. We didn't find the staff very friendly either, especially as Virgin give you a free voucher for a drink  cookie but we felt as though we were asking for the world the way the staff looked at us - and they didn't have any cookies left!The rooms were fine nothing special and if I had known I would have chosen a better hotel.Be warned if you want to go and visit Alkatraz get your tickets well in advance as we spent a whole day queuing to get them and its a long day...and only just managed it in the end.The trams are great and only round the corner, they take you right into town. We got to see most sights on the tram which was cool.The golden gate bridge was quite a drive out but well worth it.Also the block we were in had a virgin office next to it which we thought woud be helpful - NOT!!! they just weren't interested (a complete waste of time I don't know why they are there???)  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Tubster
<Content>OK, but didn't like the area Stayed 3 nights here in a room in the Beach St site. A few blocks down to Ghiradelli Square, a block down to the main street fronting the wharf and Pier 39 an easy stroll of around 15-20 mins. We had requested a room with 2 doubles, and on checking in requested a rollaway be put in the room. By the time we had crossed the street from reception, the boy from housekeeping was waiting at the door with the rollaway. Unfortunately, when we entered the room, water was coming through the ceiling, so we had to cross back over to reception to request a room change. This was done efficiently and promptly. It was a bit of a squeeze with the rollaway, but with only being there 3 nights, it wasn't a problem.. Two of our party wanted to go to see the 49's football game, and the concierge, Ryan, could not do enough to help sort out tickets, and advice with transport.Overall, handy location for the Wharf, cable cars  trolleys. Hertz, Avis rentals, one minute walk . Clean rooms, comfortable beds, staff we came into contact with, all polite  professional. All in all, hotel was o.k, but would not stay here again as we disliked the Wharf area.If you are thinking of riding a bike over the Bridge, be careful if you are not a keen cyclist. The info leaflet said there was one small incline. From Fort Mason you have to climb a double incline, very steep ( everyone we saw were pushing their bikes up) without a cycle path - you share the road with the traffic. I am not saying this to put anyone off, just to let people be aware before they book. We made it ,and bought the t-shirt!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bdubs9
<Content>Not too bad We stayed here over a weekend in August 06. Location is fantastic, and parking was easy. Our room was furnished quite nicely. It's typical HI fare. For better rates, travel during off-season.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pixandbee
<Content>Honeymoon We stayed at the Holiday Inn, Fishermans Wharf on the second week of our honeymoon - first week of July '06. We had spent the first week in Las Vegas in heat of 108 degrees! Although we had been warned it would be cooler in SF, the jackets we had with us were not enough, so had to buy jackets from stall across the road straight away! We had luckily booked our Alcatraz tour tickets on the Internet in the UK because they were fully booked for the next three days! Book before you leave UK! The Holiday Inn was fine. Nothing to shout about, but perfectly adequate for our needs. We stayed in the room one night and had room service and the meal was lovely. We did notice that the staff at check in were a bit slow..... Didnt use Dennys downstairs at all. Went out for breakfast - our favourite was Johny Rocket's. Happy Days style diner, complete with jukeboxes on the tables. Also had very good breakfasts at restaurant across the street from the main building on Columbus. Ate loads of seafood - Crab House on Pier 39 was good on our last night, if a little bit expensive - although we did have champagne! The Stinking Rose restaurant was excellent - even if we did reek of garlic for the next two days! The Comedy club at the Cannery was good fun. Caught ferry over to Sausalito on last day - foggy and cold in SF but sunny and hot over there - great place for shopping ladies! Yes, Fishermans Wharf is a bit tacky, but can also be amusing (look out for the Bush Man) and the Holiday Inn is well positioned for the F line MUNI trolley bus and the cable cars. Make sure you get a City Pass - excellent value for buses, trolleys and cable cars for 7 days. Had a lovely time - thanks SF!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>neontetra
<Content>Fab Location We stayed here for 4 nights. What a fantastic location, couldn't ask for any better. 1 minute walk takes you straight to all the shops, restaurants, trolly service, and harbour. The hotel was lovely, clean, modern, and all neccessary amenities. One tip, don't bother eating breakfast at the hotel, there are plenty of cafes for a good morning breakfast. My favourite head down to IHOP! (Look up address in yellow pages in the hotel room)Will definately be going back to the Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michmouse
<Content>Loved the Holiday Inn at The Wharf The full service Holiday Inn at the Wharf is an excellent location for tourists visiting the San Fransisco area. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and we paid only 99.00 a night, won through Priceline.There are two separate buildings for this hotel, the main building, and one on Beech Street. We stayed in the Beech Street location, and I was glad we did. There is parking right outside the entrance to the building, rather than in the underground lot., and it is a block closer to the Wharf. Beech Street was great!! We walked all over town, and enjoyed our time in SF! Don't hesitate to stay at the Holiday Inn at the Wharf.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>terriraven
<Content>great location We (2 adults, 2 children ages 10y, 15y) stayed for 4 nights on the 5th floor. We had to use our key card in a special slot on the elevator in order to get to this floor. There were 2 computers and printers on the floor (also on other floors) with free internet access. ROOM: 2 double beds; mattresses a little too soft (perhaps old?) and our backs were sore in the AM. There was a TV, microwsave and refrigerator. Roomy, clean and comfortable. The view: looking at the beautiful houses on the hill and overlooking the pool. Highly recommend getting a room on this side of the hotel (North Pointe St.) instead of asking for Bay view-you can't really see too much bay and mostly buildings. Bathroom: clean, ok size. We were able to park our car in the underground garage and gain access to it at any time. The best part: when we checked out, we could still keep our car in the garage until 6pm. We are an active family who walks everywhere in SF 95% of the time and enjoyed being so close to the wharf, Nob Hill, China Town, North Beach (great Itlalian cafes), the churches, Coit Tower, and the Embarcadero. Watched firewords at the beach and it was nice to be able to walk a short distance back to our room. Everyone was very pleasant and had a quick ck-in and ck-out. There's an ok restaurant downstairs, but service is questionable-saw our waitress once when ordering and then sat around waiting for the ck after we finished. Recommend Pergarino's across the street. Cable cars are close by. The only drawback was in the early AM hrs, we could clearly hear the delivery trucks, garbage trucks, etc. Good part: did not hear any neighbors at any time. Pool: on the cool side. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. Good for the price and yes, we would return.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Stay Again My brother made reservations for my mother, him and me for 3 nights. The reservations agent was right when he said it was not a 'view hotel,' but we weren't there to stay in our room. With a couple of exceptions, the staff was helpful and courteous. We didn't get the right information from any of the 3 concierges we asked at different times of our stay. We went into the bar one afternoon before heading out to dinner. There was no wait staff and the bartender made no effort to provide service. With those exceptions, our stay was very nice. The room and beds were comfortable, and the location of the hotel is probably it's best point. It's not a luxury hotel, but then, we weren't expecting one... it's a Holiday Inn!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sulkygirl
<Content>Great choice in the Fisherman's Wharf area! Note: Previous reviewer is confused about which property he stayed in. Don't confuse this with the Holiday Inn Express across the street (as he did). I've stayed at both hotels and this was was better. This is not inexpensive as one might expect from H.I. Two days stay with breakfast and parking came to $499.00. So you really have to take those 2 things into account. (Of course we chose to eat conveniently at our hotel - we could have gone 2 blks to Starbucks and paid a bit less). The front desk staff here is excellent - as good as any 4 star hotel that I've stayed in (particularly Robert - what a pro!). They were so accomadating and professional with every request. The room was spacious, modern and clean with an amazing view of Alcatraz! We were offered a roll away for our little one at no additional charge. The location is awesome - close to every single thing and just a cable car ride away from anything else. The pool is quite nice. Parking is expensive, but so easy.In short --- loved this hotel and would stay again for sure!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Karen008
<Content>Comfortable Hotel Hotel was located close to Fisherman's Wharf and the Cable Cars.We had a really nice stay at the hotel. If you join the Priority Club, you get some nice privileges - just go to the Holiday Inn website and sign up.There was a Walgreen's close by which was really convenient - there was a Starbucks nearby also where you can sit and watch the streetcars come in. It was fun to watch them turn the corner and park.We were surprised that Fisherman's Wharf shuts down pretty early. No problem - we were tired from walking up and down the hilley streets. Cable Cars are a fun way to get around town. We bought the CityPass which was a good deal. It has a 7 day Muni Pass which gives unlimited rides on Cable Cars, Buses, and Street Cars. There are restaurants near the Holiday Inn. There's a good pizza place across the Street. Pier 39 is also close by. Fisherman's Wharf has the Rain Forrest Cafe and Boudin. We decided to go to Chinatown for many of our meals. Great Eastern restaurant on Jackson Street was excellent. Holiday Inn was very comfortable. It was clean and the staff were friendly. You can buy Mrs Fields cookies in the lobby after 5pm.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gingerwife
<Content>Awful - don't stay here! Two things: firstly, Fisherman's Wharf is a really bad location to stay in, in San Francisco - none of the best restaurants are in the immediate area, and Fisherman's Wharf itself is a tacky tourist trap (even San Fran residents are embarassed about it). Secondly, if you must stay here, the Holiday Inn is dire and should be avoided. On arrival, we were given a room in the beach block (which is a 5 minute walk from reception and nowhere near the waterfront!). The room was already occupied and someone's clothes were sill in the room. On our second attempt, the room we were given was dark, gloomy, a little shabby and overlooked the carpark - albeit it had a large TV and clean bathroom. The swimming pool is small and next to the main road - not worth booking the hotel for this perk. When we checked out, it took a twenty minute wait as the reception staff were clearly overworked and underpaid.Food: the main eating place in the Holiday Inn is a Denny's - a real crime to eat in this chain when there are so many excellent one-off places throughout the city (e.g. Mama's near Washington Square for brunch, Tomasso's in the North Beach for dinner). There was nothing more depressing than walking past a load of overweight people shovelling processed meat into their mouths every morning. I guess they couldn't be bothered to walk to the better places, as there are none in the immediate area.In terms of location, the Holiday Inn is convenient for the boats to Alcatraz - but that's about it. You are better off staying in the Nob Hill/Russian Hill area which is much closer to good restaurants, the Haight, Castro, Union Square, Golden Gate Park, the Ferry Building etc. We also stayed in the Carlton Hotel during our vacation, and this was excellent value - nicely decorated room, friendly and efficient staff, convenient location - and most importantly - no Denny's!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tip Top Accomodation Stayed here mid June and couldn't have been happier- room great - service great - location great The only niggle was the breakfast - best for breakfast rate wasn't explained properly and our waiter really hassled us for a tip after we had only been sat down for about 10 minutes . Kids also don't really eat for free apparently - they are only allowed 1 item for breakfast - anything else will be charged for!!!! This was resolved but is worth mentioning  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Midnite13
<Content>Good location/DIRTY Room NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS ACROSS THE STREETSo it's in a good local, the price was right but they don't know how to clean a room. Carpeted floor had trash still on it and bathroom floor (well let's just say we knew they didn't clean it)! It didn't get any better on the second day either.Convenient location - 1 block from Fisherman's Wharf, about 3 blocks from Cable Cars and 4 blocks from Ghiradelli.Parking fees added for hotel guests added to your room charge. Though you can leave your car in the garage or lot up to 6 p.m. of the following day. Our check-in girl was new and English was very difficult for her. But she tried hard and was really friendly. Room was on the third floor (310) definitely away from the traffic in the back of the property.We did have time to stop by the bar for a drink prior to dinner. The bartender was outgoing, friendly and very helpful on restaurant suggestions and directions.Really nothing more to say other than EEWWW on cleanliness -- it was definitely a substandard Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>margarita2
<Content>Loved The Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf We stayed at The Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf for 3 nights at the end of April 2006. This was our first stop on our tour of California. We had flown all the way over from the UK and was absolutely exhausted when we arrived. We were greated by a friendly Bell Boy once entering the main reception and were checked in by a helpful and friendly receptionist. We were told that we were in the Annex building on Beach Street which is just opposite. (It would appear that the Brits package holidaymakers are put in the annex building - we booked through Virgin). The building hads a 24 hr Dennys restaurant on the ground floor and it also has a reception area, however it wasn't always manned when we were there. The Denny's restaurant is really handy, and the staff very polite and courteous. It was a little more expensive than the other Denny's restaurants that we have used, but the food and service was excellent. Our hotel room was in very good/ clean order and it would appear that it was newly refurbished. The carpet was like new and the general decor in very good order. There is a in room safe, iron and Ironing board and tea making facilities provided in the room. In the main building, there is a little gift shop, coffee bar, restaurant and bar. It is also very well located to Pier 39, and the restaurants and shops etc locally. This is a all round excellent hotel, and would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Charlie_Lon
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed here for two nights in April as the first part of our 'king of the road' tour. The service at check in was fantastic, thanks to Henri for all the advice and for upgrading our room. We were on the fifth floor overlooking the pool. Room was fine, one King Bed, clean with standard facilities. Great location for fishermans wharf, boats to Alcatraz and cable cars to Union Sq. Only gripe was the bar lady who had an attitude both nights we went to the bar but we just laughed it off. Everyone else very friendly and overall a good introduction to San Fran.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed for 3 nights as part of a 2 week holiday in America to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. After staying in other hotels during our holiday the Holiday Inn provided better in room facilities than the Hyatt in Hawaii, Millenium Biltmore in LA or our theme hotel in Las Vegas. We also had a free upgrade to a room with a king size bed. Our view from the room was poor however we weren't there to spend time in the room. The hotel is located just 10 mins from Pier 39 ( loads of eating places and shops ), 5 mins from the cable car turnaround and well placed for buses all around San Francisco. It feels a safe area and we were comfortable walking around day or night. I found the concierge helpull and the staff friendly, i would stay there again You don't go to San Francisco and spend loads of time in your room, it's a great City with loads of places to go. The cable cars are great fun and the walk along the Golden Gate bridge a must.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hinckley
<Content>We loved the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf       Our room  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>The Wright Family
<Content>Basic Hotel - Never Again This is a hotel, which doesn't offer much more than an uncomfortable bed. If you're staying only a few nights and want a clean place to stay then this is for you. If you're after a hotel with a comfortable bed, a plush pillow, amenities or a fridge this isn鈥檛 the place for you. Had a few problems with the hotel over charging our credit card, we wrote three emails and sent a fax from Australia, however we didn鈥檛 even receive a reply. We had to rectify the situation when we arrived, quite a hassle! Last thing you want to do when you arrive. Our view was also bad, a brick wall! Hotel in need of a renovation.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth a Try We stayed for 5 nights and it looks like the Brits are mainly accommodated in an annex about 150 yards from main reception. Not a problem as it had a reception desk during the day and a Dennys restaurant which we thought expensive.Room was large and very comfortable but noisy as it directly overlooked a very busy road with cable cars operating until late.Well situated for Pier 39 (5 minutes walk) and other attractions on Fishermans Wharf.Free internet on 5th floor of main building. Just ask for a lift pass.We would stay again but ask for a room not overlooking the road.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A.K.PED
<Content>okay but a few problems i stayed in this hotel last april for three nights with my family.when we arrived at the hotel we had to struggle in with our bags and there was a long queue at the check in.after finally beening seen to we discoverd that we were not staying in this building. we were just told to go out the door turn left along the street and into the other building where dennys resturant was.we were not impressed as they didn't even offer to help us with our very heavy bags,(we were in the usa for 15 nights.our room was clean and spacious and met all our needs.so we left our room to have a look around the area,we were just a few minutes walk to fishermans whalft area and popular pier 39 which was great.back at the hotel unpacking we discoverd a ladder on the the floor out side our window,(we were on the second floor). this concered us as our windows had no lock on it,so we phoned reception and ask them to move in.the reception were very unhelpful and rude like they could be bothered but they said they would send someone over to move it.after returning from dinner the ladder was still there.we felt very unsafe throughout our stay here, the only positives were the location and clean rooms. we will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetraveling8
<Content>Loved it! My Husband, and I stayed at The Holiday Inn, Thursday, Jan 19th, because I had a seminar to go to in the Hotel the next day. When we arrived we only had to wait a couple of minutes, and we were checked in by a very friendly, lovely, girl, who was very helpful. I was worried because of some of the reviews on this Hotel. I had nothing to worry about. My husband parked our car in the Hotel garage, and we went to our room on the 5th floor. It was a lovely room, which also had a large desk for me to do my work.It had a refridgerator, microwave,T.V., large comfortable chair with ottoman,and the room was big,, with a lovely bathroom, which had a make-up mirror. We were also given a late checkout for 4pm the next day. That was great, because of the seminar I had to go to.Our room looked up onto a hill, with homes and over to the financial district where we could see the Pyramid building. It was very quiet, and we could also see the pool from our room. The gym was small, but my husband enjoyed it. I had signed up to be a priority member, (it's free) and was issued a card for two free drinks in their Bristol Bar and Restaurant, and our dinner was excellent. Especially, the cream of Asparagus soup. My husband had salmon, which was very fresh, I had lamb, which was excellent. But, the best thing was the double chocolate mouse cake. It was outrageously good. The all you can eat breakfast buffet was also excellent. The sausages were the best I ever had. They have everything, omelets(made to order), pancakes, waffles, french toast, eggs, bacon, ham, fruit, yogurt, pastries, etc. The people working there were all very pleasant, especially our waiter, who was so amusing and friendly.This was a delightful Hotel, for the money spent, and the convience to everything close by. Ghiradeli Square is two blocks, and the Wharf is two blocks away also. I will definetly stay here again. There was even a note in our room, that read,if you are not satisfied with something, please call the manager so we can make it right for you. They went out of their way to make our stay a great one.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again On arrival, front desk informed us that we had cancelled our 7-night reservation earlier that day. After much discussion, they found us a room, facing a brick wall, and never offered to move us. Most unfriendly staff, but clean room. We use Holiday Inns all the time, but this was one of the worst.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LEllis
<Content>Avoid We arrived a day late. I had informed them in advance to minimise any problems, but still, checking in was a nightmare. I didn't want a twin room which they called a double so we asked to be moved. This was our first mistake. They relocated us to another building and King size room. Very average room, but that's what one expects from Holiday Inn. We went out sight- seeing and just before we retired to bed we notced that we had an Ant infestation! We did a midnight flit as we were moved to another room - identicle but no Ants. The beach building, as it is called- I can't think why, has a Denny's in the lobby (Where America eats, apparently) which was handy for fresh milk for the in-room coffee-maker but the food is dreadful. Everything about this hotel was unpleasant.Please avoid this Hotel. I would not like anyone else to experience the problems we had. San Francisco is a truly wonderful city. Don't let your accommodation ruin your trip.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kay&Allan
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location *** dont believe the negativity*** We stayed at the building on Beach Street! Which has the Dennys in it. The check in was in the other building and was quick and the staff very friendly. After a 12 hour flight and once checked in we decided to eat at Dennys, the food and service was lovely. Got to our room and again lovely clean spacious room (this was our 2nd stay here the 1st was Nov 2002). This hotel is ideal for everything in Fishermans Wharf as you can walk to everything, you can also walk to the cable car turn and the 'beach' of San Francisco!! The sea lions, pier 39, trip to alcatraz, shops etc etc all walking distance. Perhaps not recommend walking the 'Hills' of San Francisco get the close cable car alot easier!! :) ! Would recommend this hotel to anyone and will stay here again on next visit!!!!Great Hotel!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TVTravel
<Content>Avoid this place! When I attempted to check in at the Holiday Inn, two desk clerks were attempting to help a large group of German tourists. I stepped into the Priority Club line, in back of one other person checking in, expecting to be assisted next. WRONG! Instead, two of the desk clerks disappeared entirely, leaving one poor soul to deal with everyone. After 15 minutes, there was no sign of the others coming back and there were still at least eight people in line. The one desk clerk said she would not be able to assist me in the Priority Club line, and said I should join the other line. (Why offer Priority Club check in if you don't want people to use it?) Needless to say, that meant I was now in back of not only the German Tourists (asking tons of questions and making the process very slow), but everyone else who had joined that line in the interim. I decided that at this rate it would take at least another 30 minutes, so I went to dinner instead of waiting.When I returned, there was still only one desk clerk, so I got in line about 4 people back. The line advanced slowly and eventually I reached the front just in time to have an entire airline flight crew show up and enter at the flight crew only line. Needless to say, the desk clerk abandoned me and checked them in first. She eventually returned without apology and I got my room key. Overall time checking in: in excess of 60 minutes!My room at the Holiday Inn was satisfactory in a standard hotel sort of way - nothing special. It fronted on an air space. Since the Fishermans Wharf area is quite noisy, the lack of a street view was no loss. In addition to the 24 hour lobby Denny's Restaurant (as a chain, best to avoid) the hotel offers a coffee bar with fresh juice, fruits, and cereals which was the best thing about the entire hotel. Like all San Francisco hotels, they gouge you on parking ($30/day), so be sure to allow for that fee in your budgeting process.I frequently travel to San Francisco on business. Since my clients are walking distance to Fishermans Wharf, I always stay in that area even though it is obviously touristy. I've stayed at the Hyatt, the Best Western, and the Holiday Inn Express on previous visits. None are perfect, but all are better than the Holiday Inn. Since Holiday Inn's Priority Club seems to be the only frequent stayer program that actually lets you use the awards you've earned, I favor those hotels. On my next trip, I'll probably go back to the Holiday Inn Express, which is the same price as the Holiday Inn, but has more reliable hotel-wide wireless internet and a complimentary continental breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Lorrie2
<Content>Location, Location, Location       room 411  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gordon78
<Content>Good Location for Tourists We stayed in the Holiday Inn for 4 nights in Novemeber as part of a multi centre package. We were fairly happy with the room - it was clean and spacious with two double beds and a good sized bathroom. We were in an annex building across the road from the main hotel and there was no one on the reception desk in that building for the 4 days we were there and we had to cross to the other building to check out etc. This did not bother us. The location was good for tourists and near all the major sights eg Alcatraz. If we were to return to san francisco we probably wouldnt stay in this area as it was a bit tacky, but the location was good for a first visit. The city itself was great, with loads to do. We enjoyed cycling over the golden gate bridge and visiting Alcatraz whilst we were there.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Todd76
<Content>Excellent base hotel, loved it The Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf is a great little hotel within walking distance to nearly all the main attractions in San Francisco....Alcatraz, Golden Gate etcThere are lots of shops and restaurants near by and this hotel is such a good base for anyone wishing to explore San Francisco.Hotel staff were so friendly and couldnt do enough to help us. Theres a great Dennys Diner at the Holiday inn just a few mins round the corner and its open 24hrs which is great when youve got jet lag!!I would highly recommend this hotel and its such good value for money.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coldsprings1
<Content>good location but bad front desk personnel We stayed three nights on the fifth floor which they gave us without asking for being Priority Club members. There was some street noise as our room faced an alley. There was a limited view of the bay.Other than the street noise the room was very quiet.We had a lot of trouble with the front desk and later heard someone else having problems also. AAA book advertised free parking in November, which the front desk did not want to give us. After talking for several minutes they xeroxed the ad and gave us the free parking but said the ad had expired even though it clearly stated Nov.-Jan.31, 2006. and that they were doing us a favor. At $32 a day for parking we felt justified in pressing the issue.The following day we realized we were being charged a different rate than was quoted by phone when we made the reservation. The difference was only $7.00 but the lower rate included a free buffet breakfast. The desk clerk (a different one than the previous day) did not want to give us the lower rate, but after several minutes she took the AAA book and xeroxed the same page which had the lower rate and free breakfast and changed the rate and gave us breakfast coupons. The breakfast menu is expensive but for $4.00 extra with the coupon you get the full buffet with omelets cooked to order etc.After checking out we realized we had left a windbreaker jacket on the bed. We called but Lost and Found didn't have it. It either wasn't turned in or someone along the line kept it. This was quite annoying as it wasn't an expensive jacket but was brand new. Good location but unfriendly front desk.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hessler
<Content>Nightmare on HolidayInn We arrived at the hotel for our one day tour of the wharf and were informed that there was a computer glitch and even though we had reservations and had already paid and had an itinerary # they had no room. They then told us we would be transferred to the Holiday Inn downtown. We only had one day there and wanted to be WALKING distance to the Wharf. They sent us several miles away. The room was dinky, located next to an elevator where you can hear everyone getting off. I called and requested a change due to location and size of bed with no help. They said this was what we requested. We had a tiny full size bed, not the queen I'd requested,the flattest pillows I have ever seen, and everything was 1980's decor. A man with a key walked in on us after arrival. A group of loud foreigners were next door and up until 1:30AM. I called the front desk to request ear plugs but surprise no help. I know I didn't ask for a small bed, flat pillows, a dated noisy room miles from my destination. and a group of loud partiers. Holiday Inn needs to take better care of consumers they screw up on. Our $ was refunded but our one day ruined. Beware travelers!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Monopot
<Content>Good price/location We stayed here in September 2005 for 3 nights as part of Virgin's King to the Road tour. The location was pretty good, only 5 min walk to the seafront. The rooms were clean, fairly big with 2 double beds, tv, air con. The bathroom was tidy and sufficient for 2 people. The only bad thing about the room was the smell of cigarettes coming under the door from the corridor. We were on the ground floor, and all rooms were non-smoking however we were at the end next to a fire exit where people smoked all night!Our car parking pass never worked once to get in/out of the car park. We got a free t-shirt and some 2 for 1 drink vouchers when we checked in, was was quick and easy.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lywood
<Content>Good room, good location, friendly service We stayed for 6 nights late August/early September. We asked for and got a free upgrade to an executive room on the fifth floor. There were 2 free internet PCs available for general use (often with a queue to use them, but worthwhile).Our room was large with a nice view of the bay and the bridge. There was some noise from the night-club opposite, but we chose to leave our window open.The breakfast buffet in the hotel was adequate but rather expensive so we crossed the road for breakfast every day which was much better and very convenient.The room was clean and very well equipped with fridge and tea/coffee making.With perfect weather we had an excellent time and loved the city and the Hotel  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cher65
<Content>Over priced hotel My family and I stayed here as part of a tour of three cities including New York !!!! and this hotel was the middle part of our trip. The room was as described in another review tatty and not very clean and that best describes the room we were given. Our room also backed onto the service delivery area where not only did we hear traffic we also had no view and staff wandering past intermittently meant that we had to keep the curatins. The staff at breakfast hovered when it came close to 10.45 ie closing time at 11am awaiting the check being cleared thankfully the kids ate free but this was more expensive that in San Diego where we later stayed. The location is the best thing about this hotel and thats it !!!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>UK_ANON
<Content>Average hotel, great location for seeing San Fran We stayed at this hotel for four nights in late September. Our room was on the executive floor and had view of Alcatraz in the distance. The room was comfortable, with queen beds and a microwave. However, the room could have been better cleaned, and it was not double glazed, so there was a certain amount of noise from air conditioning units and the road (despite being on the fifth floor).We did not eat at the hotel, mainly because the restaurant was expensive and always empty. We had vouchers for free tea/coffee at breakfast time. When we tried to redeem these, we were told that they only had fruit tea, and a limited selection of pastries. These were not significant issues due to the location, which had numerous other alternatives nearby.The location of the hotel is excellent. It is approximately five minute walk from fishermans wharf, pier 39, the cable car terminal and very near to a tram stop. In the evenings the location allowed us a great variety of restaurants within a short walk. It was possible to reach China Town, Little Italy, and a range of seafood restaurants on the bay.The parking at the hotel was $32 + tax per day. This was expensive, but expected in a good location in a big city. On the fifth floor corridor there were a couple of PCs with free Internet access.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brian_lorraine
<Content>Good location, awful service, and expensive I spent 2 nights at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf last week, the last 2 days of a roadtrip that took me to a handful of similar Holiday Inn properties.Our room rate of $196.00 midweek was expensive, so I was expecting reasonable service and a comfortable room. In reality, the room and the service level was significantly worse than at a $60 Holiday Inn Express in other cities.The first (non-smoking) room that we were given - as Gold-level priority club members - was tatty and stank of smoke, and looked out onto a bank of noisy air-conditioning units. We immediately asked to be moved to a cleaner, quieter room, which we were given. There was nothing wrong with the room, but it looked a bit worn and tired, and really was nothing special at all.Front-desk staff were arrogant, curt, and verging on rude. We used some $10 restaurant vouchers we had to have breakfast in the hotel, which was a mistake! We were sat at a table and offered coffee, and all of the coffee cups were dirty - they had 1/2 of milky brown water in the bottom, and bits of food stuck around the mug as if they'd been rinsed off in dirty water. The cutlery was the same - my fork had a bit of dried egg inbetween the prongs!Anyway, we ordered our breakfast, waited 25 minutes, and eventually 3 of our 4 breakfasts arrived. My omlette didn't. I could see the waitress standing by the kitchen door chatting to another member of staff. I waited and waited, and eventually asked for the manager who came and apologised, and my omlette turned up about 5 minutes later, by which time the rest of my family had finished and was ready to leave.Breakfast for 4 of us - which was 4 coffees and 4 omlettes / eggs  bacon etc - came to $80, the biggest rip-off and the worst service that I have every experienced in any hotel. Fortunately, the manager took $40 off after I'd complained about the service.Parking at the hotel is perfectly ok, but at $32.00 + tax per day it isn't cheap. I noticed that there were some public parking lots near the cruise ship terminal for $10 a day which would have been a better bet.All in all, the hotel was poor value for money. Overpriced, complacent, and poorly-trained staff. Our total bill for 2 nights' accomodation, tax and parking (without the breakfast) came to almost $600. The next night we stayed in a Holiday Inn Express near the airport for $69.00 which was twice as good.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bigdaz107
<Content>5 nights of hell ! On arrival at the Hotel we were given a ground floor room, which backs on to a wall and the delivery area. The deliveries arrived at 4.30am each morning along with the noise of banging doors and shouting, this lasted for over an hour. The noise of the outside fan was not great either. On asking to change rooms, this took them 3 days to come back to us, for which was then a waste of time moving.The room we had was dark given the location within the hotel and we had to leave lights on at all times of the day. The only good thing about this hotel is the location and the door out.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>U2fan
<Content>Great location... but noisy! We stayed in this hotel for three nights en-route from Hawaii to the UK. We were located on the 3rd floor in the annex building. The room was spacious and comfortable, and our bathroom was huge! We got a free newspaper delivered every morning. The best thing about this hotel is it's location - it's opposite Fisherman's Wharf and all the attractions around the bay, e.g. Ghiardelli Square, Pier 39, tourist ferries around the bay / Alcatraz, etc. We walked to Lombard Street (up an impossibly steep hill) and back in approx. half an hour. The terminus of the 'F line' tram to the Ferry Building / Market Street (where all the main shops are) / Castro district was literally across the road - it's only $1.50 each, which includes a free transfer within 90 minutes. The terminus of the Powell / Hyde cable car was also only a few minutes walk (I'd recommend getting there early to avoid the queues. We got there at 9.30am and got straight on. It's expensive though - $5 each per journey.) The only downside to the hotel was the noise from the street. My advice if you're staying here is to ask for a quiet room (there were some rooms overlooking a central 'courtyard', which may have been quieter) or bring earplugs! We also encountered lots of noise from hotel staff, e.g. banging doors, so don't expect a lie-in!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>remstar
<Content>I'm satisfied Great location, quick  easy check-in by friendly desk staff. The room was clean and the ultra-friendly maids were efficient.If only the Holiday Inn chain would put small fridges into their rooms. Wildly trying to keep ice in a bucket to keep medications cool, doesn't cut it. I was most disppointed - and angry - towards one male concierge (didn't catch his name unfortunately). He was rude and refused to help me book a city walking tour - i tried twice too. The numbers wouldn't work for me and I missed doing a tour.Overall though, this is a good hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>deelar
<Content>Excellent Location We stayed at the hotel for three nights. We upgraded to the 5th floor (Exec level) and would recommend this to others. The room was immaculate and tastefully decorated. Maid service was prompt and thorough each day. Bathroom is small but well equipped and attractively decorated.The staff was helpful and pleasant, except for the concierge. He was on duty each morning we were there, but chose not to be helpful the two mornings we asked him a question. Both days he handed us a map and a look that clearly said you're grown ups, figure it out for yourself. So, unless you want a map you can give him a miss.If you're visiting San Francisco to enjoy the sites, this is a super hotel to choose.During your trip, consider visiting Alcatraz--it's quite an experience for young and old. The audio tour is enjoyable and informative. Lombard Street is a fun sight to see, and the views of San Francisco Bay are breathtaking. Golden Gate park is a real treat to walk around. In the park, be sure to visit the Conservatory of Flowers or the Japanese Tea Garden. There is a new museum opening within the park (DeYoung) so that will be worth a visit. I believe it opens in October.We have a couple of awesome breakfast spots to recommend: Dotties True Blue Cafe on Jones Street. There will most likely be a wait but that's not what you'll remember afterward. Excellent food and service and just a neat place to eat a very hearty breakfast. The other place is The Pork Store--it's at Haight  Ashbury. Again, expect a wait but then expect a fab breakfast in a fun atmosphere. The host (of sorts) was a gem. He checked in with everyone and had a running joke going with each table it seemed. We dined in style at Aliotos one evening and so enjoyed the fresh seafood. Prices were fair for the experience.Fun place to visit in the evening is The Cannery (next to The Argonaut). There's live music around 6pm--we enjoyed two really good bands. It's a courtyard area with a couple of bars so it's an ideal place to sit with your cold drink, listen to the bands and people watch. Lots more to see and do and recommend--that's why we'll be going back soon. Forgot to mention the good breakfast spot across from the hotel. Its called Pergaminos. Very nice indeed.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chicca62
<Content>fully satisfied Clean and nice. In a great location. Helpful personnel. 5th floor with computer room and free internet connection. Free limo service from 6.30 to 9.00 to financial district. From our room we could see the Cannery (right in front of us), Alcatraz and the Golden Gate. Pier 39 is at about 10 minute walk as well as Lombard street (opposite direction).Go to Pergamino for a wonderful breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every thing you would expect from a Travel Inn!! Lets not beat around the bush here....Its a Travel Inn. Personally we expected a little more from Virgin Holidays then this, but it was in a great location, it was clean, the staff were friendly etcAfter all we came to see San Francisco, not a Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, cosy  We are Australians and had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for 3 nights recently and after travelling around the world in 6 weeks I have to say this hotel was one of our more pleasant stays.... We stayed in the annex where Dennys Restaurant is and we found the room spacious, clean  fresh and the bathroom was roomy and also clean.... Whilst it was close to everything including the famous Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39 (where there is heaps of shops  restaurants to choose from) we found it very quiet and was able to get a good nights sleep in our hotel room... Yes, the restaurants were a little pricey BUT if you wanted a cheap meal there was always the Clam Chowder in a sour dhoe bun on the wharf to satisfy your hunger... We also found a great restaurant called the Rainforrest Cafe on Beach Street... great food at reasonable prices and fantastic staff and atmosphere. Wished I had young kids again to take back there - an amazing place for both young and old... I would highly recommend this hotel and San Fransisco and look forward to my next visit there... Loved it all....  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>coy_coy
<Content>Not bad, great location A quick warning before I start the review.....if your room is in the annex building, use a bellman ! Getting to the other building includes walking out on to the street in front of the hotel and a good 300 yard walk down a busy road. I lost count of the number of people I saw lugging heavy cases, clearly underestimating how far apart the entrances to the 2 separate buildings are.We spent 2 nights in the annex building in August 2005. The room was satisfactory (2 queen size beds) although the decoration was a bit dated. It was kept clean though and we were impressed by the friendly maid service who went out of her way on a few occasions. There is a 24 hour Dennys in the lobby of the annex, where service was dreadfully slow in the mornings when it gets busy. We had a 30 minute wait for food which was not good when you only have a day and a half in the City and want to get out and see some sights. The famous Lombard Street crooked street is walkable too, although the hill you walk up to get there is VERY steep.I can't fault the location of the hotel which was in easy walking distance of Fishermans Wharf, Alcatraz Ferry, Cable car turnaround (where you could catch a cable car all the way into downtown area), The Cannery etc etc. A cab from downtown back to the hotel cost about $9 - worth getting as he tool us speedily over Russian Hill, reminding us of the classic Steve McQueen car chase!We didn't use the pool or main restaurant, but generally we were happy with the hotel. Not exceptional, but functional and close to the action. One last word of warning though - if you bring your car, you will get charged $32 per day which seems to be a common charge in this city. Parking is a nightmare in SF and driving is not too pleasurable either, so its a good idea to leave your car out of the city if you can. We booked our stay through a travel agent and got our parking charge waived, but the guy in front of me checking in went pale when they told him the car park charge!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cm1000
<Content>Great Location - Walk almost anywhere Holiday Inn at the Wharf is close to many attractions. We took our two boys. Ghirardelli Square, the Cannery, the Wharf, Ferry Docks for Alcatraz, the Hyde Cable Car line, shopping! August was a crowded month. But we seemed to get everything on the MUST SEE and DO list checked off. Hotel is older, but well located and recently remodeled. Our room was clean and the maid service was GREAT. Pool is a bit small, and were the hotel to add a jacuzzi spa we would definitely go back. Food is pricy at the hotel and at the Denny's in the annex across the street, but the entire city is expensive when it comes to meal time. Lots of clean towels, sofa bed could use a replacement matress, but that is where the two kids slept and they could have cared less. No view from our room (just a purple and blue wall from the building accross the alley but Who wants to sit in a room with the action all about you outside? ) - when we checked in, we asked to be upgraded from a room with two doubles to a king plus pull out queen and the staff graciously accomodated our request. Lot's of families with kids stay here, so there can be a bit of playful noise about. If you are on a honeymoon or want a quiet romantic weekend, you should probably not stay here.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Silver4
<Content>Dirty and Noisy I booked this hotel for a 4 night stay in SF last November thinking that as I always find Holiday Inns in Europe very comfortable and good value for money I would be safe staying here. How wrong was I!Unluckily for us we came during a labour dispute, lots of sympathy and all that but the protesters started their protest outside our window at 7am each morning. This after the noise of the traffic outside keep us awake into the small hours. The rooms were dirty, we swapped and the second bathroom was still dirty. I found a pair of dirty panties (not my own) under the bed. The staff were not particularly helpful and the breakfast was expensive.This hotel is in a good location and maybe when there are not protesters it is better, but I would never risk it again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>helenathome
<Content>to stay or not to stay we stayed at the holiday inn without actually staying there if you know what I mean- our room was in the annnexe around the corner. It was fine and probably a bit less noisy than the main part, but the downside was that we didn't get to use any of the hotel facilities, including the pool, and only discovered the delightful pergamino's cafe over the road for breakfast on day 4.The room was spacious and clean, with a safe and hanging rail for clothes rather than a wardrobe, spacious bathroom (well big enough for us). The annexe had a Denny's restaurant where we ate breakfast the first few days, our son loved it but the food was only average and it was a bit pricey. Still everything about our California holiday was expensive this time round.We had hired a car because we wnated to visit several places independently, rather than take a young boy on too many coach excursions, but after getting lost from the airport (due to some crappy directions given us by our holiday firm) we ended up driving through all the worst and busiest bits of SF, including right down the cnetre of Chinatown! Ultimately, we decided that the car had been a mistake, especially as there is such a good transport network in the city. Fisherman's Wharf was fun, and not as ghastly as a lot of people made out, plus, we had so many other sights to see, including the fab Golden gate Bridge and a trip on the outside of the famous cable car at Powell and Hyde (for which there was a considerable wait, so get there early). Fisherman's Wharf has some nice seafood restaurants, again pricey, and is all on the level, so walkign around is easy. I would certainyl recommend it for families, as there is Pier 39 with the sealions and the ferries for Alcatraz(a must) plus amusement arcade and lots of shops. Also go see Coit Tower - walk up Telegraph Hill if you have the energy(exhausting!) or drive up an then get the lift to the top for some great views. Chinatown a must also, we ate at the wonderful Emperess of China, which has views of Coit Tower and food authentic, decor beautiful and waiters very attentive (good value as well). Visit The Fort underneath the bridge, it's a big former miltary garrison that has been renovated and opened to the public, very inetersting for children and adults alike. Take a city tour early in your trip, it will give you a good account of what the city has to offer and then you can pick and choose where to return. Ate at the Cliff House on the promontary about 5-6 miles from SF, lovley food and superb Pacific coast/beach views. Wrap up warm - SF is very chilly in the morninngs and the fog invariably covers the bridge, although it usually clears by the afternoon - average temp when we were there was 65C (40 degress less than at our friend's house two hours inland!). Woudl return to SF tomorrow if we could, and to the Holiday Inn as well. San Franciscans are an amiable lot, non-conformist and very relaxed about life in general, and SF is the one city in America where you will find interesting house architecture  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eeyoreluvr1
<Content>Loved my stay here! My family stayed 6 days here and loved it. The room was clean, bathroom was kept spotless and the staff were very friendly. We were at the Beach Street building and it was very quiet and comfortable. The beds could've been a little softer, but we managed. The location was great just a couple of blocks to the Wharf and several excellent places to eat, and even a Walgreens. I will stay here again when I go visit the area again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>E&JJJ
<Content>better than expected Stayed at this hotel in August 2005 virtually begging them for a quiet room having read the reviews! We were told we could change rooms if it was too noisy but although there was quite a bit of traffic noise, it was not unbearable...ear plugs help! We were in the annexe building up the road on the fifth floor with an adjoining room for the kids. The rooms were spacious and clean and nice bathrooms. We found Dennys restaurant extremely overpriced and only went once. I would like to reiterate a previous reviewer 's comment about camcorder/camera salesmen in this area. We were nearly persuaded to buy a digital camcorder which we didn't really need. They aren't as cheap as the salesman tried to make out.Otherwise this is a fantastic area to visit but even in August it never gets very hot so make sure you bring a coat! Also, the trams get extremely busy with long queues in the town centre, we never got our money's worth with an advance ticket.I would recommend San Francisco and this hotel for a few days stay...then go on to Yosemite for a beautiful contrast!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Natalie25
<Content>Nothing to complain about I visited San Franciso for the first time in April and stayed at this hotel. Holiday inns are the same value for money in UK as they are in the USA, so why do people complain when they get there? What do they expect? 5 star service?Yes our room was noisy at night (we had a room opposite a nightclub), but its hardly going to be quiet in an area like Fishermans Wharf. If you want somewhere that quiet, then don`t stay in Fishermans Wharf. This area is full of tourists and nightlife for the locals.There is nothing that fantastic about this hotel and there is nothing that bad. I found it to be ok, what i would expect for low budget. If i wanted luxury i would have stayed somewhere else.Its in a very good location, with shops and restaurants nearby. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Judy912
<Content>Try Pergamino for breakfast       Waffles  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FLgirlDK
<Content>Happy at the Holiday Inn       View from 5th floor facing Beach Street - Alcatraz in the distance.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dmun
<Content>Great Location - right in the heart of things This hotel does have an excellent location for exploring the Wharf, catching a cable car etc and has a number of very good restaraunts close by. It can only be a couple of hundred metres to the waterfront. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were average HI but nothing that I could complain about - generally the usual Holiday Inn standard that you can trust. The pool is quite small but many people probably wont spend much time in the pool in San Fran anyway. Although its relatvely expensive for a Holiday Inn it a very reasonably priced hotel in terms of San Frnasisco. It's right next to the Holiday Inn Express and the Hilton. There is a business centre with free internet access which is nice. There is a restaraunt but we never ate there.Be very careful if buying any camera/ video equipment near the Wharf - it pays to be a well informed buyer. They can smell an opportunity to make a fast 100 + bucks!If going back to SF then I probably would go back to this Hotel. I have stayed at the Civic Centre area in SF on a previous visit but I would say don't do it. There is no comparison in terms of location. The Wharf wins hands down every time. The Civic Centre area is a soup kitchen, blanket dispensing haven for SF's homeless - which is good for them but not what most people will want to experience daily on a trip to California. You could no doubt pay more and get a more upmarket hotel but I doubt the location would be any better any where around the wharf. A good deal all round. Well done Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't understand bad reviews! Stayed here for 4 nights in June on the way back from Hawaii. We were in the part of the hotel down the road where Denny's resturant was and had no complaints at all about our room. 2 double beds and a reasonable sized bathroom, both of which were kept spottlessly clesn and we didn't have problems with any noise. We didn't use the pool, we didn't have time!Had no problems with any of the staff, found them all to be courteous and helpful when we checked in and out. Ate at the main hotel resturant one night and had a wonderfully cooked meal which was worth every penny. Wine was a tad pricey though.Location was brilliant, one block from fishermans wharf and pier 39. It was also close to the tram, bus and cable car so we could get anywhere really easily. We were shocked at the quality of the public transport. We bought a 3 day travel pass for $15 which meant we could use the trains, trams, buses and cablecars which was worth every penny.We were lucky and had 4 really clear, warm days so had a great time visiting the golden gate bridge and alcatraz (among other things). We both fell in love with the city and would definately stay at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel from hell The noise in this hotel at night was awful the bins being emptied at around 3am everyday they sounded like a bomb going off. we had a room above the employee entry ,they slammed the doors all hours of the night and day . traffic all night including motor bikes racing down the road.and then fighting and arguing from people in the road . The staff were not at all friendly. Never ever again will i visit this awful place  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laserheid
<Content>Great location, clean hotel with brilliant service.       Chinatown  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spreadhead
<Content>Spent the weekend here for the second time My wife and I stayed here over the weekend for the 2nd time. For the price, the room is acceptable (SF is a pricey city). We usually find that we do a ton of walking there, and sleep well regardless were we stay. We got a double room this time and took our 16 yr old son. The location is ideal for a fun family trip, or a weekend away from rainy Seattle with the wife. Fisherman's warf and Pier 39 are great spots for the kids. We spent a whole day there doing the tourist thing. Sure, the rooms could be nicer or larger. But we were only there to sleep. If you stay in Fisherman,s warf, try the breakfast at peragamo's across the street. They claim to have the best waffles, and they might be. They have the greatest host, Rueban. If your lucky he will grace you with a song and will always make you feel welcome. Breakfast there is a part of our stay everytime. another tip. If you are planning to rent a car, it'll cost you 35/day to park. They have a fantastic metro system here. The historic streetcar stop is a 1/2 block away, next to a walgreen's{unload your digital camera here,and save your pics on CD for a couple bucks!}. The streetcar will take you to market streek, you can get anywere from there in a few minutes. Famous trolly stop 2 blocks. Save that money on parking, take the transit. spend that cash on a boat tour of the bay 2 blocks away you can take a boat around alkatraz and under the golden gate for 10 each. look for a wooden boat captined by Maury. We had a blast and he was cool  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>spudley
<Content>Great Location Stayed here for 3 nights at the start of a 2 week flydrive and was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews on this site. We checked in and the receptionist drew us a map of where our room was-which turned out to be across the road in a different building. Nevertheless, the room was large and clean and was all we needed for our stay. The location was fantastic and we didn't use our car at all during our stay here. Had breakfast in the restaurant once, it was adequate but we found better food and prices elsewhere in Fishermans Wharf. Would recommend this hotel for a short stay but wouldn't choose this for a weeks holiday.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel hi we 4 adults stayed at the hoilday in for 3 nights,we had paid 拢50 each to upgrade from downtown to stay in fishermans wharf and it was the best 拢50 that we had spent.hotel had good big rooms with everything in them tv ,shampoos,safe,coffee maker we got a free morning paper each day.the staff were friendly and helpful.the pool area was very clean and well layed out.out and about was very good all shops and food outlets near by.dennys was open 24hr and was just at the corner ,they served up good food and the portions were big free refils on soft drinks and coffee which was good.we would definetly go back and stay there if we were in town again.so go on try it, ignore the bad reviews. we did its a fab hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AussieMAL
<Content>No Problems here This hotel was fine, no problems at all. We had two rooms, a double and a twin on fourth floor. Hotel is normal Holiday Inn standard, staff helpfull and friendly. Hotel is clean and tidy and in a great position in Fishermans Wharf. We were able to walk to everything in the area and had easy access to transport to City  Bay - all buses, trams, trolly, cable car  boat.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone, or any family. Hotel bar is OK, had free drink every night as Priority member, suggest you look for food outside hotel as local choice is fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicago29
<Content>A nice surprise ! We were expecting the worst with this hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor prior to travelling, but had a nice surprise. We were also roomed in the 'annexe' building on the next street, only a couple of minutes walk from main hotel. We checked in and were offered help across the road with our luggage. Were on the 4th floor in a twin room which had two double/queen sized beds. The en suite was large with bath and shower. There were coffee making facilities, air con, tv, optional 'pay per view' movies and nintendo if you wanted them, and a free newspaper every day. There was also free internet access for as long as you wanted (as long as no one was waiting) in the Holiday Express hotel a few doors down, you just had to show your Holiday Inn key card. We were a five minute walk from a sandy bay, with free museum and great views of the golden gate bridge. Trams went further into the city regularly and there were a multitude of great eating places 5/10 minutes walk away. All the staff and house keeping were polite and helpful. Although on the ground floor there is a 24 hour 'Dennys' restaurant there was never any excess noise, even from the street outside! We would definately stay there again. Also would recommend Pier 39 for unusual shopping, boat trips and eateries and the Bay Shuttle door to door airport service, which you can reserve online with no fee before you travel !!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Warby40
<Content>Handy Location, but that's about it Stayed here for one night after flight from UK. Had to queue for approx 20 minutes just to check-in (similar experience for check-out also!) The porter staff were not very helpful and just seemed to stand around - they certainly didnt offer the usual US standards of friendliness and helpfulness. The staff in the restaurant were friendly and the food ok.The room had two double beds, the bathroom was tiny and the view was of the hotel roof! A number of lightbulbs were out of action and the hairdryer in the bathroom also didn't work. The advantage to this hotel was its location. Very handy for all Fisherman Wharf attractions and tourist shops. The Cable Car terminal is also just a couple of streets away. The hotel looked a little tired and perhaps is due for a refurb. Ok as a place to rest a weary head, but wouldn't want to stay for any longer than one night!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better than reviews led us to believe having read all the reviews on this hotel we were ready to change our booking but having just spent 3 nights there staying in the main building we were quite satisfied. great position walking distance to most places, our room at the back of hotel no view but quite quiet except for when the bins are emptied at 4am. Reception staff very efficient quick check in and out. All in all not bad for the money and for a couple of nights a good place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suggest the Holiday Inn Express next door We didn't actually stay here... but stayed at the Holiday Inn Express next door (which we loved). We did come over to do our laundry here since the HI Express didn't have a laundry facility. Was I not impressed with this hotel. The laundry room was very dirty and they were out of detergent. The front desk would only give me one detergent box even though I had two loads. There were only two elevators and one of them wasn't working. When I tried to use the stairs, they were locked into the floors so I had to wait for the elevator when I wanted to go up. The comments I overheard from guests who were staying at this hotel were very negative. I would recommend the neighboring HI Express which is about the same price.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Enough but noisy We stayed at the Fishermans Wharf Holiday Inn for three nights before flying on to Hawaii. The hotel was nice enough, rooms adequate and location was a easy walk to Fishermans Wharf and other attractions. We ate breakfast each morning at a great little restaurant across the street from the hotel, best breakfast we have had in a long time. The only real complaint is the noise from the street, one night people were partying at some nearby club until all hours and it was impossible to shut out the noise. All in all, we were satisfied with the hotel, not sure if we would book it again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sleepless in Fishermans Wharf We were given a room in an annexe which was on a busy road. The traffic noise started early in the morning i.e. before 6am and went on till late at night. There was a problem with the bathroom in one of our rooms which although we reported it to Reception immediately was never repaired. This meant half our party could not bathe or shower in their room.We were supposed to meet someone in the hotel but no-one in the main Reception or the annexe could tell us where this room was although we eventually found it 50 yards from the annexe reception. The Reception staff would not contact the people we were meeting or help us in any way. This was our first hotel in California and we chose it because it was supposed to be a flagship hotel, but we found the service appalling. If you are located in the annexe and want to swim in the advertised pool, you will need to walk along a busy road to get to it, you cannot get changed in your room and just walk down to the pool as in other hotels. The staff in the restaurant were fine but the reception were the worst I have ever experienced  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SuperChief
<Content>Don't Bother..... If your choice of places to stay is a cardboard box or this place, give the cardboard box some serious consideration. With so many decent places to stay in the Wharf area, do yourself a big favor and look elsewhere.....this place is the dregs.........  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CatIrv
<Content>Good tourist location but not over impressed with the room Stayed at the Fishermans Wharf, San Francisco for 3 nights during a holiday to USA in September 2004. We checked in at the main reception which looked nice and gave a good first impression however, were then directed to our room which was in another building on the next road along - not impressed about having to drag our cases along the street at 1030pm particularly after 13 hours of travelling! The standard of the room was OK but there was a faint smell of smoke and we had quite a busy road outside our room. However, we did not spend a lot of time in the room as we were busy out and about during our stay - a good point is that the hotel is well located for the attractions on Fishermans Wharf and for accessing the transport links into the city. Also, there was a really good guy in the reception of the second building who gave us some excellent information about how to get around the city and some other tourist bits of information. I guess on reflection you do get what you pay for and we didnt pay 5* prices, I would class it as an average place to stay with no frills.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location, not the best hotel If I had it to do over again I would have paid the extra money and upgraded to the Raddison or another hotel which have just as nice locations. The staff was barely tolerable, the walls were paper thin and the rooms seemed a bit run down. The parking charge at $28 per day was, to me, the icing on the cake. The Raddison (where friends stayed) was more expensive per night but they came out nearly the same when you factored in parking.It wasn't the worst. It was clean and tolerable but if you're going on vacation spend a couple extra dollars and upgrade. Also, if you do stay be sure to request a 2nd floor room. The noise on the first floor from the parking lot and other guests was bad.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>wiggum
<Content>Not bad, but not great My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights in mid-November. Apart from the striking staff out the front who did their best to wake us at 7am each morning (hooray, no need for alarm clocks!), this hotel was ok but certainly nothing great.We were upgraded to the business level as we were Priority Club members, which was handy as free internet access was available.The rooms were average though, nothing impressive there. We paid just over $100 per night, and whilst the location was fairly good, I would certainly have expected a nicer place.Again I stress this place isn't bad at all, it did seem clean and neat, I just expected more for the price we paid.We did have one incident of a crazy cleaner entering the room to check on goodness knows what (our luggage?) even though we repeatedly told her everything was fine. Not sure what that was about, but I do hope they don't make a habit of it...  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Double Glazing required Friendly staff (with the exception of the ones making all the noise picketing outside all day!)Hotel did everything possible to minimise the disruption and most hotels in the city also suffered from same problem. Even on the fifth floor you could here all of the noise from the street. Double glazing is required for a good nights sleep.A pleasant stay though.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KeenHolidayFan
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Excellent Location Must admit we were a bit worried after reading recent reviews - we first stayed here in 01 (room overlooking nice street view so was a bit noisy at night) and have just returned from our second visit 22-26/11. Thankfully striking workers had returned to work the day of our arrival and we were upgraded to the business floor, but even if we hadn't been upgrated we still would have found the hotel to be as excellent in comfort, value and position as our first visit. Room was spotless, and was full of all the usual tourist amenities, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier and more helpful - our request for extra pillows was fulfilled by the time we returned to the room. NB for an excellent restaurant go to Cioppino's at Jefferson St  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BJM
<Content>Great Location - that's about it! If you want to stay at the Wharf then the location is excellent, as you are just opposite the Cannery and it is a pleasant stroll to Pier 39 and Ghiradelli Square. The streetcars and cable lines are also short strolls away. However, we had a room overlooking the back of the Cannery and it was very noisey at night. Things from the bars would quieten down by about 2am then the street cleaning vechicles etc would start c. 4.30am! The room itself was as you would expect - clean, good size with all the usual amenities. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Next time I think I would stay abit further from Wharf (transport in San Fransico excellent so no trouble getting around) to get a quieter nights sleep. Try the Buena Vista restaurant/bar overlooking the cable car line (near Gharadelli Square) - excellent breakfasts and views.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't check in!! When we first arrived at this hotel, we felt sorry for the protesters outside (we had not been told by United Vacations that this was going on even though we had been booked for over 6th months!). However, the pitty was short lived as they continued to shout outside our building from 7am-10pm every day. We were woken up in the morning with shouts of wake up scum, it was a disgusting way to treat holiday makers. I seen children crying as they exited the building because they were so upset by the protestors shouting at them. If that wasn't enough on our final night we were disturbed by other guests in the room adjoining ours. As 4 young females on their own we became quite scared when the men in the other room started trying to get into our room via the adjoining door. We phoned security to complain about the noise and what they were doing, only to be met with a phone call half an hour later (at 3am) saying that the security guards had been standing outside our room and noted that it was us that we were making the noise and told us we had to be quiet. We couldn't believe it, we thought it was a joke. When we complained to reception they told us that we hould have called the police ourselves if we were that scared! Their service really was a joke, if you are planning visiting this hotel then phone ahead, if the strike is still on then DON'T STAY THERE!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimC
<Content>Be very circumspect if staying here We arrived at this hotel on 2nd November. Could not fault the room itself,however, at approx. 3.30am every morning the dustbins in the hotel opposite are emptied and the noise is awful. Furthermore, with the strike still taking place, we were woken at 7am every morning by a picket using a bull horn informing us that this was our early morning call and again at 10pm wishing us  a good night, amusing if your reading this, but not if you are listening to it! Furthermore, this hotel seems to have a penchant for school children staying. On the 5th Nov. about 100 Chinese school children arrived, and both the children and their tutors could speak very little, if any, English and had nothing but contempt for other guests. This became apparant on the first evening when they ran up and down the hotel corridors slamming doors and making one hell of a noise up to 11pm. The noise started up again at 5.40am when the arose for breakfast. But, the real crunch came on Sat night when the noise started at about 9pm and went on until 3.10 am, and then started up again at 5.40am.I phoned the front desk twice, my wife ( and other guests) confronted the children in the corridors, but to no avail, (they didn't understand English) and finally I went down to the front desk (in my pyjamas) to complain at about 1.30am. I completed a complaint form, and whilst I was doing this youngsters were running around the foyer, jumping up and down on the furniture and shouting and yelling at each other. I asked the clerk why she didn't do something about it and said she was unable to do so as it was the job of Security. The security guard asked me if I would like to change my room, but what good would that have done as the noise effect was throughout the hotel, and we were leaving at 9am anyway. The next morning when speaking to other guests it would seem that everyone had complained. At check out I again complained most strenousely, and after a bit of a kerfuffle I was given compensation. I also confronted one of the tutors and gave him a mouthful, but probably didn't do much good as his English was limited, but it made me feel a bit better.There were at least two lots of schools that checked in that week.I suppose it goes without saying, that I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday from Hell Stayed here from 8th - 15th October. Checked in 10.30pm and shown to a room in other building a 5 min walk away. Room was dirty and very smelly. It had not been cleaned, the sheets were dirty obviously had been slept in by someone else there were magazines and other belongings of the previous occupant. Moved to main building next morning. Striking staff made the holiday unbearable constant shouting through a bull horn and banging of placards and drums until the early hours of th morning. Hotel staff were not interested as we were on a package booked through Virgin Holidays - Virgin's Rep was also not interested. Glad to leave.NOTE: Virgin Holidays advertise this as a Flagship Hotel, this hotel is old and dirty, even without the striking staff, I would not have been happy with this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loud but close to all.... My husband and I stayed there the first weekend of Oct. And as you can read from other reviews, the hotel staff was on strike! It was horrible. But the hotel itself is in a great location 2 blocks from the Wharf. The staff was decent. The rooms were OK, they need to have some renovations. The bathroom lighting was horrible. All in all, it was a clean hotel. But far from worth the price charged per night. However in SFO everything ie expensive. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more bucks to get into the Argonaut or something of that caliber. You won't be disspaointed there!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No tea bags! We have just returned home, had a two day stay 9-10 OctoberHad a pleasant room in the main building.Striking staff kept up a noisy chant for days on end out side - but this was happening outside lots of the city hotels. Staff were really busy and stressed by above. Staff helpful and pleasant, easy access to computer for emails.Was able to check in early and check out late without problem.Only problem was lack of tea bags - they arrived quickly after requests each day. Excellent location, enjoyed a wonderful street parade.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Hotel, Stay Elsewhere!!!! Stayed from the 9/21-9/23. Got Bumped from the Radisson (over-booked) to the Holiday Inn. What a poor hotel. Got shafted across the road to the other building. Alot of Noise from outside did not help our beauty sleep. Very Rude staff. I needed help to find internet access, was asked what do you want Not very Helpfull at all. But rudeness was apparent from all the shop vendors along the wharf and it was not a great sight for my kids to step over homeless people living in boxes to get to a restaurant for breakfast. Don't Stay Here. Stay in the city centre and catch the cable cars for your bay tours.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TractorMan76
<Content>If you like ants and mould stay here! Terrible Hotel. Had a three night stay as part of a Virgin Holidays package on a tour of the USA. We had 3 different rooms, the first two mouldy and infested with ants and the final one very noisy. Couldn't wait to get home! If you can, try and stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sharima
<Content>Good and bad, depends what's important to you We stayed at the Holiday Inn over Labor Day weekend, and had a great time in San Francisco. The hotel had some really good points, and some not so good points. First of all, it was 1 short block from where the action is at Ghiradelli Square, the Wharf, Pier 39, etc. The bad part is that when you check in at the main desk, you may find out that your room is in a wing that's located across the street from the main section. That means parking and dragging your luggage down the sidewalk and across the street to the other wing (a little embarrassing and inconvienient). Our room was nice, though we had no view at all. Noise was not a problem at all--very quiet where we were (except that the entry doors tend to slam shut). We were there to shower and sleep, which was fine--and as long as you don't expect much more than that, it's a good location.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ellro
<Content>Noisy hotel We stayed at the HI on two occasions in August/Sept 2004. The accommodation is split between two sites and unfortunately on the first occasion we were sent to the other site around the block. The room needed some updating and was a smoking room which made it even worse considering my wife and myself don't smoke. We were never given the choice.There was no double glazing and although we were on the 5th floor you could hear other peoples conversations at street level.As other reviewers have stated don't expect alot of sleep during the night as the trash trucks tend to arrive and make a loud noise every morning about 3.00 am.On the second occasion we stayed in the main building where the room were marginally better but the noise levels still the same.If you want a drink don't use the hotel bar as it is expensive.As a plus it is in an excellent position for the Fishermans Wharf area.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ToffeeMan
<Content>Try another hotel... We stayed for 5 nights in August, based on Trip Advisor comments and the fact that it is a flagship hotel for Virgin. Initial impressions on arrival - the reception area was closed for refurbishment, the corridors were dark and uninviting, and the room was smaller than we were expecting. We comprised my wife and I plus children aged 13 and 10. The two double beds we had were the smallest during our two week trip, and probably the oldest.We were woken on two occasions by the noise of heavy duty lorries collecting the rubbish at unearthly hours.On the positive side, the staff were helpful, and the location is very good for Fisherman's Wharf and cable cars. At a cost of $150 per night, I did not think it represented good value for money. I did check availability at the Argonaut, but it was fully booked. It would have cost an additional $30, which I would have paid.ps make sure you take a jumper and jacket - it's cold in San Francisco!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location shame about the noise!! The hotel is in a great location and the staff are excellent, very helpful and friendly. The rooms were a good size with all the amenities you need. The hallways could do with a bit of modernisation as they are very drab and dark. My only complaint is the noise level!!! Due to the great location the noise levels in the early hours of the morning are very high and we were awoken from our sleep on several occasions. The staff were very obliging and moved us to a different room where the noise was not so bad.I would stay here again as the location and staff far out weighs the excessive noise.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JK_SurreyUK
<Content>A good choice for Fisherman's Wharf My girlfriend and I returned to SF in June 04 and chose the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf - previously we had stayed in the Radisson but couldn't justify the extra expense on this occasion. At the Radisson you just pay extra each night to be five mins closer to Pier 39.The HI was very comfortable, our room was well furnished and the staff charming. We received two calls on our first night there to check everything was to our satisfaction. Would definitely stay again when we return to SF.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>101vonda
<Content>Rude staff and Old smelly rooms We stayed here for 3 nights in May, what a disappointment!From the minute we walked in to check in the service was terrible. I have never come across such rude staff, they are not interested in the guests at all, we are gold card members with this particular chain of hotel, that meant absolutely nothing to them, as we couldn't of been given a worse room. Definitely needs renovating.The room was disgusting old and smelly.We had a lovely view of a brick wall.Also the parking is extremely expensive.I would not recommend this hotel, and would never stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to all sights at Fishermans Wharf and Cable Cars Holiday Inn on Columbus Street is excellent location to Fisherman's Wharf. Also very close to the start of the cable cars and very close to the Cannery. I have stayed here four times and will continue to stay her every time. It is a little bit expensive but worth it to be so close to all the attractions.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanandjezz
<Content>Great Hotel in Fab Location Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of April/beginning of May. We have no complaints whatsoever in this 'higher than usual' 3/4* hotel. After a long and tiresome flight we were pleasantly surprised at the nice looking reception area. We had been upgraded to a business class room on the 5th floor which we found to be spotlessly clean, well furnished and spacious. The only minor grumble would be the noise from the road outside and they should maybe invest in secondary glazing to muffle it a little but we did get used to it. As the weather was so nice when we visited, it was great having a swimming pool/area to sit out in after a long day sightseeing and it was always clean and tidy. Although I didn't go in the pool, the water felt as if it was heated.The hotel has a great location in Fisherman's Wharf but away from the 'Blackpool-y' side of it. It is close to the Trolley Bus pick-up point - get a 3-day pass for $15. It is fantastic value as you can use the trolley bus, cable car and local 'muni' buses.I would not hesitate in staying here again.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed here for 4 nights in April 2004. We were upgraded to the business floor in the main building on arrival, and the room was spacious, clean, and had a view of Alcatraz. The hotel is well located for Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 etc., and is close to the cable car turnaround. We found it very easy to get around using public transport. The hotel staff are very helpful, but not in the Denny's in the other building - don't go there! The only bad point is that the street was very noisy at night. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great little hotel! My husband and I visited this hotel during April 2004 and found it great value. The room we had was furnished to a very high standard (it looked recently decorated) and immaculately clean! It was in a very 'central' location with the cable car turnaround just around the corner and a short hop to all the local attractions of Pier 39, The Cannery, Ghiradelli Square etc. The only downside was the fact that roomservice only operated during the same hours the restaurant !!!!! There was a 24hr Dennys' across the road but that sort of defeated the object. Apart from that the overall stay was really enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place for a stopover On our long way from Finland / Europe to our honeymoon destination (Hawaii), we had a stopover in San Francisco on 10th March 2004. Only one night, but arriving in the afternoon, the Fisherman's Wharf area was nice for an evening walk and planning the next day round trip with a cable car around San Francisco. The hotel room was not the best, but for one stopover night just sufficient. Of course a better window view would make it nicer, ours was unfortunately heading towards the parking and a loud street. But you just do not care about the noise after a 12 hours flight. San Francisco is such a lovely city. My favourite, the Pier 39 sealions just in walking distance from Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf! The hotel lobby caf脙漏 was somewhat empty and in the hot spring weather, waiting to get a bottle of water wasn't fun.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good start This was our first stop from the UK. It's great to have parking on-site. We were upgraded to a room on the business floor in the main building with a view of Alcatraz! The room was large, clean and well appointed, albeit a little noisy in the early hours of the morning being opposite a delivery/collection area. We only ate at the bar, but the food was good and reasonably priced. Having arrived, the car didn't move until we left because the hotel is ideally situated for exploring San Francisco on foot. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, practical hotel Stayed in the hotel 3 times (always in the main building) and whilst it isn't the most luxurious hotel, rooms are well furnished and the staff in the restaurant at breakfast were very helpful.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Standby4321
<Content>Decent value; excellent location We've stayed several times at the Holiday Inn, Fisherman's Wharf and found it to be an excellent value on the Internet Saver rate off the Six Continents Hotels website. Our stay during the last weekend of January 2004 was in the main building at a rate of $85/night. The room was clean, furnishings in good repair and our room overlooked the Cannery. The breakfast buffet is decent and Priority Club members receive vouchers for 50% off the regular $15.95 price, (so be sure to join Priority Club before you make your reservation at the hotel.)Note that there is an annex to this hotel in a separate building. We have never stayed in it and it would not be our preference to do so. There is also an executive floor on the fifth level of the main building with key card access if you want something a little more than the standard offering.The HI Fisherman's Wharf is within easy walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and the cable cars. We like to walk a lot and so we also found it easy enough to take in much of the North Beach neighborhood and Chinatown. If you can get a good rate, it's a solid value. If you are looking at rack rates, then there are more premium properties in the area that you should research.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful experience Checked in at 1 a.m., and surprised to walk in to a dirty room. Lugged everything back downstairs and told the only other rooms were a block away around the corner (past a bus stop). Someone from the hotel did escort us, and we entered the building by the garbage dump--lovely smell! The rent a movie in your room option did not work, the repair man must have tried to fix it 4 times. Awful experience.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Donvasterfamily
<Content>Holiday Inn at the Wharf was great!! Stayed at Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf in November 2003 with my husband and 8 year old son. The location is excellent - close to all the action at the wharf and also near to the cable car turnaround. Our room was clean and comfortable (but perhaps a little noisy at night) and the staff were friendly and helpful. Altogether a good choice.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel-good value. Stayed here Nov. 14-21, 2003 on the business floor during a conference. Clean, well-apponted room. Staff busy with high-volume custom, but still very helpful. Well located, near cable-car terminal, Pier 39; easy access to Financial District with complimentary shuttle. Plenty of MUNI stops nearby. Good breakfast buffet. Dining room deserted at night; plenty of good eateries nearby. Some traffic noise at night--but, hey, this is a downtown location adjacent to two busy streets. If you want quiet, try Carmel. If you're driving, leave your car in the lot and take transit; traffic in SF is unbelievable. Lots of alternatives nearby--BW, Marriott, Sheraton, Hilton, Hotel Argonaut, etc.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, but consider other hotels I agree with those who were dissapointed with the Holiday Inn, Fishermans Wharf.Though a good location, the hotel was little better than a motel, with the rooms being of a poor standard and the reception staff being ignorant.If you do stay there, make sure that you get a room in the main building, as there is another building across the road which I would not advise.Good location, but we wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maggie/WI
<Content>A Good Place for Us We stayed at this hotel right after 9/11/01 and remember it being fine for our needs. Returned there Oct. of this year for two nights and again it was just fine for what we were looking for. Contrary to what previous posters have said, we found the staff to be very cordial and accommodating. The room was average but it was clean and had everything we needed -- we were there as tourists to the wharf and didn't spend alot of time in the room so anything fancier/more expensive would have been wasted on us. If we were to return, we'd stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Noisy Stayed at the Fisherman's Wharf from September 17th-21st. First room we had was so NOISY! I have never stayed in a room like it. The traffic at the junction kept us up all night. We moved rooms the next day which was slightly better. The room was big and clean. Would have been nice to have had a fridge and a kettle. The staff could do with smiling as we found them very rude and unhelpful. Good location but would probably not go back.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude staff and below average rooms The Holiday Inn would not be a hotel we would even describe as three-star. We were directed to a separate building block away from the main hotel where our room was to be found away from all the hotels amenities. When we asked for a room upgrade we were told no rooms were available. The staff were very rude.The next morning we found ants around the windowsill and floor. The bed was very old and uncomfortable, the bath and bathroom dirty and the general condition of the room was very poor and in need of decorative repair. We stayed at the Holiday Inn for three nights, never again!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unfriendly Terrible Service   showReview(1269352, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ALH57
<Content>Don't be put off!   showReview(1230874, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better accommodation available.   showReview(1227720, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are much better alternatives   showReview(1189563, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Hotel   showReview(1143166, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Time Hoilday Inn Fishermans Wharf   showReview(1105032, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malyko
<Content>Holiday Inn Okay   showReview(1023833, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday Inn Fishermans Whard   showReview(983471, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here   showReview(740888, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place To Stay   showReview(718042, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mittelklasse   showReview(20551042, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jexou
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(18715367, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兗銉曘兗銉夈倰婧€鍠仹銇嶃伨銇椼仧   showReview(19172157, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tigertin
<Content>Teuer Parkgb眉hren!!! 37 Dollar + Tax   showReview(17233030, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偅銉冦偡銉ｃ兗銉炪兂銈恒儻銉笺儠   showReview(19170689, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伄娉娿伨銇ｃ仧閮ㄥ眿銇湰...   showReview(19923794, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撻殠寤恒仸銇綆灞ゃ儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19923225, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

