<Author>marcolet
<Content>Excellent Stay - delighted with our choice Just back from a 4 night stay in the American Amsterdam and were absolutely delighed with our choice of hotel.We had booked a double room with balcony and canal view and were not disappointed. The room was on the 4th floor and was large, comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was on the small size but had everything you would require and a great shower. Slippers and dressing gown also provided. Room had a flat screen tv, mini bar and safe. Tea and coffee making facilites available in room and were replaced daily. There was also an iron and hairdryer.We had breakfast included in the package - would be a little expensive otherwise at 鈧?9.95 per person. Great choice - juices, cakes, breads, fresh fruit, yogurt, cold meats, cheese, salmon, bacon, sausages, mushrooms, eggs etc - something to suit most people. It was served in the lovely Cafe American. Breakfast was served from 6.30am - 10.30 am weekdays and from 7am to 11am at the weekendWe never ate dinner in the restaurant but did have drinks there one evening and was very enjoyable - on arrival we had received a voucher for a welcome drink in the barAll the staff we deal with were friendly and helpful.There is internet access available on the first floor - 35 cent per minute - can pay by credit card or charge to roomOn arrival we got the train from the airport - public transport in Amsterdam is very cheap and easy to use. Have change available to purchase your train ticket to central station - machines would not take notes - so other option is credit card. - 鈧?.60 approx for the 2 of us. We were able to buy our tram ticket on the tram. There is a metro stop right outside the hotel. As our flight home was early the hotel booked us a taxi to the airport -鈧?7 - takes about 25 minsThe location of the hotel is perfect - Leidseplein. Just outside of the hotel you can get the canal bus - this was 鈧?8 per person and you can hop on and off all day and is valid until 12 the next day. Stops at the major sights and museums and is a great way of getting around. There are plenty bars and restaurants around the hotel - we tried to avoid the big noisy bars and opted for smaller old style onesMost sights are also within walking distance if you prefer that option. Having been all over the city - would definitely opt to stay in this area again and preferably in American Hotel  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AusUK
<Content>Expensive but very convenient I stayed at the American hotel on a Saturday night in December 08, and generally had a good experience. I arrived to complete chaos, with a very large tour group of teenagers tearing up the reception, but once I battled through to check in, it was fine. The room was a generous size, and very clean. The tv had a couple of English language channels, which is helpful. The only thing I would say is that the room service was very expensive for what it was, and on top of the prices, you had to add 鈧?.50 each time you wanted something delivered, and at 鈧?.50 for just a coffee or 鈧?.00 for a juice or can of coke, this can really add up. Amsterdam in general is very expensive (or at least the places I went seemed to be) so maybe this is normal. The staff were really helpful and friendly and the location was perfect for exploring!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BraddyBarcelona
<Content>One of the best in Amsterdam I cannot understand why some reviews are mixed about this hotel. In my opinion it is one of the best in Amsterdam. The location is unbeatable, with absolutely everything on the hotel doorstep. The rooms are great, well furnished, a good size, comfortable and decently heated/cooled. The bars and restaurants are institutions in Amsterdam, and you can easily rub shoulders with celebraties and VIP麓s. If you book 21 days in advance, or even up to 7 days in advance, you can get really very good rates. In fact, on my last trip I just walked in and asked for the best price, and got a really good rate there and then. All in all very good indeed!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KimberlyAtlantaGA
<Content>Very nice and great location Husband and I traveled to Amsterdam for the first time in late November, 2008. We booked the Amsterdam American for all but our last night. I enjoyed it very much. We arrived at 11am, several hours before checkin time, but we were checked in right away. The houseman gave us a little tourist guide and street map and helped with our bags. Everyone at the front desk was helpful and pleasant during our stay. I had read the rooms were tiny, but I found ours comfortable. All the furniture was in good shape and the bathroom was great. The bed was a true American king size and very comfy. The shower was lovely (though the shower curtain let too much water through and flooded the floor every day). The hair dryer was a little weak, but it worked. The shampoo, shower gel and soap were replenished every day, and were good quality. The room had coffee and tea making supplies, but we did not sample them. Signs asked us not to use the minibar fridge for our own items, which I found a little annoying. There were plenty of electrical sockets in the room for charging our electronics and such. And housekeeping made the room up nicely every day and were very respectful of the 'do not disturb' sign. Our view was to the back of another wing of the hotel, but the large windows opened fully and allowed plenty of light. Good quality drapes blocked all light at night, and double-glazing kept out drafts and street noise. The hotel is right on Leidseplein and at the corner of multiple tram stops, which made this an excellent location. We ate at restaurants on Leidseplein every night and took the trams to visit museums and other attractions. Very convenient.We stayed over a weekend and into the next week. The weekend nights are party central on Leidseplein, and the crowds of drunk, stoned, and silly young people did get tiresome. But that's certainly no fault of the hotel's! We did not eat at the hotel. Breakfast was priced too high, and the fine dining in the restaurant was out of our budget. On our last day we were changing hotels to stay near the airport for a very early flight. We checked out at 11am, but the American hotel cheerfully stored our bags for the entire day. When we came back for the bags in the evening, they called a cab for us to take us to the airport hotel.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Flipautum
<Content>stunning stay Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights through on business. The hotel was fully booked while we were there but it never seemed full. The reception staff were great with lots of advise on tours and places to go. Right outside there is a tram stop so this was great at night coming back down after being out for the evening. The bedroom was a little small but as I was on my own not an issue. The room faced out onto the square and had a lovely little balcony. The room itself was decorated very well and I was really pleased with it.flat screen tv etc, bathroom nice if small all very clean. The downside was that the lift was broken down a lot during my stay, and I was in a room near the stairs so could be nosiy at times. This is an old hotel, and there was noise from rooms above with creaking floors etc which was only a problem as I was getting up early. The diningroom is stunning and a must visit in Amsterdam, service was first class and buffet breakfast had a wide range, with tea coffee etc being ordered at the table. All in all I really enjoyed my stay in the hotel and would recommend to others as a cut above in amsterdam to locate yourself in for a business or leisure trip.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lovesgoingabroad
<Content>Beautiful hotel This hotel is actually more amazing than you think it is from the photographs. It is really really lovely and very impressive. We were allocated a canal view room with a balcony and I can honestly say that the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in - including my own.The hotel is expensive but then so is Amsterdam these days. Even so, the hotel bar is worth a visit - very cool and classy - fabulous for a few cocktails before you go out.Staff were very efficient and very friendly. The location of the hotel is excellent - just off the Leidsplein square and about 500 yards from the tram stop.We had a wonderful stay in the American and would definately go back.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SophieCalifornia
<Content>Back to The American, which meant returning to the best bar in Amsterdam!       Junior king bed suite bedroom  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Hibit
<Content>Nice place, sadly flawed I could not recommend staying at this hotel until the road / building works outside the hotel are complete. Check before booking.Its a shame because the hotel itself is impressive in itself and in its location and its clear that the staff are dedicated and diligent.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>LeedsUK1
<Content>Very nice and great location We stayed for 5 days over christmas 2007 and had an excellent time, we are 2 couples aged between 25 and 32.Me and my partner have stayed here on a few occasions during the last 4 years and the place just gets nicer.The location is great in a nice more upmarket area of amsterdam close to good restaurants, shops, museums etc, the rooms we have had have been lovely art decor style and spacious, we had a lovely view of the canal this time, but on one visit we had a view of the courtyard which we are not bothered about but if you want to guarantee a good view it might be worth pre booking a canal view room.The bathroom was quiet luxurious with nice toiletries topped up daily and kept spotless.The beds are comfy i think we have always had a super kingsize and the bedding and towels are always changed regularly, you also get robes and slippers.The staff are pleasent and attentative and the public areas of the hotel are kept very well.The restaurant is very nice although pricey it is worth it and the bar has a great atmosphere.We will stay here again and i would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joburg74
<Content>Grand Hotel The location of the hotel is perfect and close to everything you might want to visit. We were given a beautiful canal view room on the top floor which had an amazing view and a small balcony. The room had a lot of natural light and was very clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. We weren't charged for our late check-out which was also very nice.Although breakfast was very expensive, just the experience of eating in that grand old cafe Americain was worth every cent.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>SJPNewYork
<Content>No Guest Service The room was nice we were upgraded to a junior suite so it was very spacious with amenities like bathrobes/slippers, but the furniture was similar to a dorm room, it needs some updating.On our third day my husbands wallet was stolen from the room and the hotel did nothing to help with this stressful situation, they even tried to have us pay for the long distance call to cancel our credit cards. We were treated like it was our fault and it was very disappointing for the price paid for the 3 nights we stayed. Safety and Security, along with guest service is of primary importance to me when I travel and it was apparent this was not of primary importance for this hotel. Their colleagues need some training in guest service.I caution you if you book at this hotel make sure you take all your valuables with you at all times!!!!! And don't expect any help from anyone.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Spilson
<Content>Dissapointed Situated in a very central location, the hotel was perfect for heading into town and enjoying the canals. The staff were lovely, and the hotel itself was very attractive and clean.On the downside: Our room was tiny with a miniscule window which looked out onto a concrete block- we had no natural light at all! The hotel has no parking, and the cheapest parking was 40 euros per day.The food at the hotel was average, and there was a (very cute) mouse in the restuarant. Breakfast was 20 euros per person.Although we had a room on the lower end of the price spectrum, one night there was a VERY loud party in the hotel bar, right below our room. The staff very kindly relocated us to the deluxe room. This was expectedly more attractive than our room, with a large window, but felt very bare and not very well decorated.All in all, we were rather dissapointed with the hotel, as from its pictures it looks as if it would be fabulous!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Gianni70
<Content>Good Hotel It's a very good hotel, really well located: 10 minutes walk from the two Amsterdam's main museums (Van Gogh and Rijks) and on the outermost of the city channels (you can reach Dam Place in less than 15 minutes).It's an expensive hotel. We decided not to have breakfast, since they sell it for about 29 euros (close to the hotel there are plenty of bruin cafes where you can have a wonderful breakfast for less than 7 euros).The only negative point: we have chosen this hotel since we meant to travel around Nederland by car, and their website stated Available parking for guests. They didn't mention that the parking fee is 30 euros for the first day, decreasing by some euros the following days. It's not exactly a bargain...  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>twenty/twenty
<Content>A gem! Stayed at the American Hotel in Amsterdam in August /08 and was thankful that we had booked such a central location. Within walking distance to pretty much everything. Close to the museums as well.Staff were very welcoming and the room was great. The room had a large balcony overlooking the fountain which we could sit out on and enjoy the atmosphere of the square after busy days.Only downside was the noise at times, primarily sirens.The hotel just won an award for 2008 as a top hotel in the area.Part of the Eden Hotel group.I'd recommend you check their website before booking and see if it is the type of hotel for you.No complaints from this end.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rodman954
<Content>Great Stay...we will be back... Great hotel in great location. Staff is professional and friendly. Room was on the quiet canal side and was quite large and updated. Everything was clean. We had friends staying in a smaller room that opened onto a rooftop deck. While it is a shared deck, it provided a great opportunity to get out into the fresh air right from the room. Breakfast is overpriced, but dinner and cocktails were priced appropriate. Beware of the pricing on their website. Seems their rates change daily (like the airlines, not like other hotels) and they try to lock you into a prepaid rate that may be higher than a last minute rate. You would think that if you book/pay in advance you'd be getting a better rate.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>phelnere
<Content>Good Experience at the American My wife and I stayed at the American for a week at the end of July.We have nothing to complain about. Location is excellent for the nightlife/restuarants. Rates were excellent. Hotel was clean. Room size was reasonable. Staff were very pleasant.They offer a breakfast for 19 euros, but it is completely optional.If you want something less expensive, just walk a block or two down the street.Yes, the room staff want to clean your room early. Like others have said, put out the Do Not Disturb sign. They can read, and understand the sign.The best part was that they allowed an early check-in as long as the room was ready, which for us, it was. Very convenient when you arrive at the hotel before noon. Every hotel in every city has its critics. The American is not immune, and somebody might have caught them on a bad day, resulting in a negative comment.Euro for Euro, it would be hard to beat this place.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TC.BM
<Content>Great base for exploring Amsterdam Emailed the hotel the night before we arrived and asked (if possible) for a view of canal. Arrived and offered an upgrade to a suite for small supplement. We declined and glad didn't spend the extra money. We had room 608 which was large and comfortable, with a small seating area with a view of the canal. A great base for exploring the city. Only small problem, but only one lift goes to the 6th floor!We didn't eat at the hotel, or try the bar, or fitness sauna as didn't get in time for breakfast and were out enjoying the city. Not the kind of trip for the fitness sauna!Can only base the hotel on the staff and our room. The staff were helpful - spoke good English and looked after us really well. Our room was clean and comfortable, with all the facilities needed for a great trip.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marybeeeee
<Content>Disappointing stay at The American Hotel I found this hotel rather over-priced for what it really was. The bedroom was small with barely enough space to get around the bed. The window opened out onto a roof and I saw a man strolling across it while I was in bed in the morning! Breakfast was an additional 鈧?0pp, in my opinion over priced, and the staff were less than helpful. We also had an evening meal in the dining room but we had to wait almost an hour for it to arrive.We had a second booking for a further two days in this hotel and we could not be accommodated in the same room. So with the hassle of moving rooms, we found we were allocated an even smaller room with a smaller bed! Once we complained enough, they managed to allocate us something more suitable but it was a lot of needless hassle.In saying all that, the location is very central.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>lnktvlr
<Content>Love this hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our week long stay at the American. It can't be beat for location, right on the Leidseplein. We had a room overlooking the canal and it was perfect for us. Big picture windows that opened for a full view and a great breeze. I am sure the rooms vary in quality and size, so it would be to your benefit to book in advance (plus you get a great deal) and ask for a room with a view. Our room was large by Amsterdam standards with a nice sitting area, really comfortable bed, and small but sufficient bathroom. The housekeeping was excellent and if you put your DO NOT DISTURB sign up: they leave you alone. The hotel is booked full in the busy summer months, and as the last reviewer found out, you clearly can get stuck with a less than satisfying result if you don't plan ahead. This was our third time staying at the American, and we wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sands4
<Content>Good location and reasonable value The hotel was walkable to most attractions, clean, fairly spacious and we were lucky to get a room that overlooked the canal. Reception staff were very helpful and cheerful and indeed the breakfast staff were too. We ate the first breakfast at the hotel (quite a lot of choice) but there are many small cafes locally that serve a decent breakfast for under 10 Euros which is half the price of the hotel.The only downside was the lighting in the room wasn't really sufficient and there was an overall smell of dusty hoovers but nothing too horrible!I would definitely stay there again - price wise it was much better value than others that we looked at.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>namastenatalie
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location, beautiful facilities       Junior Suite  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>leilac
<Content>Not worth the Money Good location, but our so called luxury room was a converted meeting room with a bed that dropped from a cupboard. The bathroom was too small and it was virtually impossible to get into the shower as you had to jump the toilet. The worst thing was housekeeping banging incessantly on our door at 8.30am on Sunday morning wanting to clean. The room smelled of cigarette smoke as the airconditioning was poor. I raised all these matters with the desk but didn't get the promised response on the day or subsequently.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Argassi1
<Content>Great location - quiet but central Hotel is well situated. Receptionist and concierge very professional. Room clean and no complaints other than there is insufficient lighting in the entrance to the room, difficult to see into wardrobe or the full length mirror. The room was really quiet. Cocktails at 10 euros each are not cheap, but they were some of the best cocktails we've tasted. Trams 1,2  5 are right outside the door and take you to and from Centraal station.You can also do the canal trip right outside the door.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>CountyDownChris
<Content>Great Location, excellent bar On arrival at The American they could not find our reservation. We were joining friends who were already checked in and after being told they had lost our booking and the hotel was full we were not very happy. We were booked out to the Park Hotel for the night and promised an upgrade for the following night in the American.True to their word next day we were upgraded to an executive room with balcony overlokking the canal and given a gift by the General Manager.Room was excellent and the view superb.The best bit about the hotel is the American Bar. On a warm spring day there is nowhere better to sit outside with a drink and watch the world go by. The location could not be better being roght on Leidesplien and surrounded by bars  restarants.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>andi_wilson
<Content>Great Visit My husband and myself enjoyed a 3 night stay at the American Hotel to celebrate our 1st Wedding Anniversary. I can't fault the hotel, service and city itself. We had a really fabulous time.Our room was huge, spotlessly clean and although we didn't dive into the mini bar it was still nice to have. We did not hear ANY noise in the room and the beds were extremely comfortable.We enjoyed several drinks at the Cafe Americain and Bar Americain and the service was wonderful. We ate only once in the restaurant and that was for breakfast. The hot and cold buffet was perfectly acceptable and the surroundings in the dining room are beautiful. We did eat in the Pancake Corner, liteally around the corner, which was a cheap and delicious alternative to paying 19.95 euros each.We had some lovely meals out and about and found the locals very helpful. The transport links from the airport to the hotel are cheap, regular and easy to follow.Altogethr a great time and I will definately be returning to the American Hotel.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hoyatraveller
<Content>We will stay again!       night view from the balcony  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jim1664
<Content>Nice! Spent a long weekend here in august with friends and had a fantastic time. the hotel was a good 4* with decent sized rooms. We had breakfast cocktails outside the hotel and evening drinks in the bar prior to going out and everything was fine although drinks were a little pricey. The hotel is more or less at Leidsplein Sq where there are plenty of bars so the stagger back to the hotel is only a short one. In all a decent hotel for a city break with either friends, someone special or both.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dizzy007
<Content>Wonderful weekend,if freezing My husband and I stayed at the American for his 40th Birthday in Jan 08,my sister had stayed here the year before and had recommended it .We were not disappointed .We had a large room overlooking the canal(which I had requested when I booked) with the biggest bed I have ever seen or indeed slept in,the downside of which was that I didnt see hubby for the two nights as he was at the far side of the bed but we both did sleep very well.The staff I found to be helpful,we asked for extra pillows and they were brought straight away,the check in was quick,the Concierge helpful and friendly .The tram is the best way to get around and cheap ,especially from the station to the hotel.We did all the sightseeing Madam Tussaud's , Anna Frank House(huge queue's though) the Flower market and such.There are hundreds of restaurants and bars to choose from ,we ate one night in one of the Gaucho's restaurants ,hope you like steak lol,,The bars around the Leidesplein are hopping ,and theres good food to be had there too,the best of all though has got to be the chips that you buy on the street in the cone shaped paper with any sauce you like on them garlic ,curry, bbq you name it they have it,,yum yum yum,, To end though I must say it was the coldest place I have ever been ,the wind blowing off the canals would skin a cat ,,but I guess it was January  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>nicolep11
<Content>Fantastic! My husband and I just returned from a two week honeymoon in Europe and Amsterdam was our middle stop between Ireland and Paris. We had a great time in Amsterdam and thought that the American was a great place to stay. It's in a fantastic location, we came from the airport on the tram, which was totally cheap and even easier to navigate. The tram stops right in front of the hotel, which is super convenient, no taxi is necessary from the train station or the airport. We booked a standard (21 day advance) room which did the trick for us. We were looking for something economical, but a little nice since it was our honeymoon, thank the US dollar! The room was very small compared to what we expect in the US, but it was big enough for us and our stuff, but there was some tripping over suitcases. We actually didn't even manage to make it into the famous Bar American for food or drinks, but it was beautiful and we regret no making it in there. The location is really fantastic, it's walking distance to a lot of things, which was very nice. The main street off the Leidseplein Square is great and has a ton of shops and sweet shops! There are a TON of restaurants near the square, too many choices almost. Also, a ton of bars, coffeeshops, cafe's, etc in very close proximity. We took a canal tour with the company Lovers, which actually isn't just for lovers...The stop is literally right outside the door and a 1 hour tour is only 9 euros, very nice when you are looking to stop walking. Overall, a great city, a fantastic location, great hotel and staff. No english speaking channels on tv but CNN and BBC, but that is only if you need more tv, we didn't watch too much. They brought us a adaptor when we requested one, which was lovely and a much needed touch. Free internet was nice too, always is....  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	5	

<Author>RedGiraffe
<Content>Slow Decline - What happened to the amazing service? As a regular visitor to Amsterdam (at least 3 or 4 trips per year) I have been a big fan of this Hotel and have stayed there at least 30 times.This place was previously owned by the Intercontinental Hotel group and later became a 5 star Crowne Plaza owned Hotel. Throughout this time my numerous visits were made very special by the outstanding customer service, the elegant dining, cocktails and champagne breakfasts at the cafe American.There always seemed to be a complimentary bottle of wine or box of goodies waiting for us in our usual suite that we had no problem booking in advance. We even started a tradition celebrating new years at the hotel and my partners birthday.Since the Eden group have taken over the reception staff barely look up from there computer screens let alone provide a civil welcome. Even the staff that remain form years back seem to have a different attitude. Its odd and quite sad.Having said all of that the hotel is beautiful and the suites are reasonably big (note the internal facing standard rooms are not so great). The refurb has panned out really well and the spirit of the Art Deco theme has survived in all it's splendour. If you have never been before you should give it a go in order to decide for yourself.Cafe American is as expensive as ever but it is great to get a table by one of the huge windows and watch the world go by (day or night), Breakfast is adequate and dinner is always a grand occasion.Reservations now also refuse to entertain booking a specific room or even recording a preference of which side of the hotel you would like to stay.On my last visit in January I was overcharged by 600 euro and it took me 3 weeks to sort a refund. No apology was offered. The fire alarm also got triggered at 4am in the morning and could not be switched of for 1 hour despite the hotel staff telling the guests not to leave their rooms.What has been gained by the refurb seems to be lost in the service that really made the American an amazing place to stay.For the first time in over 10 years I have just booked an Amsterdam trip and I will not be staying at the American.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Kel77
<Content>Loved the Hotel Amsterdam We just got back from the American Amsterdam and had a great time. The hotel is in an excellent location 2 minute walk (stagger ;-) ) to all the bars in Leidesplan Square. We had lunch on the first day we got there in the bar - although i think it is only open for lunch at the weekend-food was excellent and reasonaly price.......would recommend getting a coffee just for the complimentary chocs you get with them - yum!Hotel room itself was a good size and immacutely clean.....nice bathroom also.We wandered round on Amsterdam on foot and found most things to be within wandering (up to 30 mins from the hotel) distance - like most cities Amsterdam is best explored on foot - to get a real feel for the place.Would recommend the Anne Frank Museum while visiting and there is a wonderful little restaurant call Stoppo (or something like that) just down from the bulldog cafe on the left handside-excellent food and very reaonable. All in all had a wonderful time in Amsterdam and would definately stay in this hotel again if and when i return.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RIPScarlett
<Content>Lovely hotel  My partner and I have just come back from a weekend at the American Hotel and I thought it was a great hotel in a great location. The building is stunning outside and inside. It was nice to be right next to a canal. The room was a good size with very comfy beds and pillows. The shower was lovely too. Got plenty clean towels.The hotel is right next to Leidesplein Square so the location is excellent. The tram from the Central Station stops right across the road from the hotel. There are plenty of bars, restaurants and cafes in the area. The Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh museum are only a short walk away. We also walked to the Dam Square and Red Light District area but it was a bit of a walk and we did get a bit lost so a tram may be better for this.I had an excellent time and would highly recommend the American hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dancelover
<Content>Great Hotel in fab location From the moment we first contacted the American Hotel for rates and availability to the moment we left, myself and 3 friends found this hotel and staff to be first class. Nothing was too much trouble and the rooms were clean and very comfortable. We booked the rooms 4 months in advance and got a twin room for the fantastic rate of 拢90.00 per room. We arrived early on the Saturday morning and the check in was fast and the staff were very friendly. The Concierge was also helpful in locating and booking a restaurant at the last minute. Loved this hotel and would definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cstmartin
<Content>Perfect location, nice hotel       Amsterdam American Hotel  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wrynie
<Content>Would be reluctant to stay there again We were unimpressed with the customer service at this hotel. We presented our credit card upon arrival to pay for our stay, however the hotel's machine wouldnt accept the card. An issue that another couple were having the same time. It turned out there was no problem with my card. I felt that the staff were very unhelpful under the circumstances, and we received no apology for the incident. Also their mini-bar policy wasnt made clear - disturbing or moving an item will incur a charge.Other than that, the hotel was in an excellent location and the room was very comfortable.J  M, Ireland  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Davinibus
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is a fantastic hotel in a fantastic location with fantastic staff!! My boyfriend and i stayed here for a weekend city break and loved every minute of it.Location - right in the middle of everything. There are some really fun bars, clubs and comedy clubs just outside the hotel door. Liedseplein is great for food/drink and dancing the night away! We recommend the Bulldog (its a bit cliched but hey its The Dam!). The tram stops, Musuem district, Canal tour pick up point, Tourist Information, Fashion District and Casino are all within 5 mins walking distance. The Red Light District and Centraal station are a littel further away, but no more than a 10 min tram ride (which is only 鈧?.60).Comfort - The beds are amazing and so spacious. extremely comfortable and ensure a good nights sleep. Despite being right in the heart of the action, we experienced no problems with noise pollution.Service - the reception staff were helpful, polite, professional and friendly. We asked them for advice on how to book a canal tour and they gave us a 10% discount voucher! Complimentary apples and mineral water was also a bonus!Business Travellers - despite this being a holiday, my boyfriend had to prep for a meeting at work and so we used the business center for an hour or so. good internet service adn printing facilities. Surfing the web is a little pricey though.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ClaudineyJessy
<Content>Very good hotel       We had a nice view to the canal.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>celticwarriorCardiff
<Content>Great hotel , excellent location The Hotel is an extremely reasonably priced 4 star hotel . The rooms are a nice size with a great bathroom.The Art deco public rooms are amazing.The hotel is on the canal boat stop so its great for sightseeing. The vtrams also stop right outside.With a few minutes walk there are many pubs , clubs , restraunts and convenience stores  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>busterFlitwick
<Content>Great location Stayed at this hotel December 24th - December 27th 2007. We had no pre-conceived ideas but hoped it would be good as it was Christmas....... we were not disappointed. The room was immaculately clean ...room house keeping impectable. Staff very friendly and very accomadating to every needs. We needed a cork screw room service brought one for us to keep ... no charge! Staff very friendly. We had a very early start and checked in at noon and were told as our room was ready we could go staight to it which as great.Couldn't recomend this hotel enough we shall certainly return when in Amsterdam next!!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>V8_Junkie
<Content>Fur coat but no knickers This a lovely building and a great situation. The architecture is outstanding. Unfortunately though, its all smiles and no content. The Friday evening of our stay was the worst. The dining room downstairs was hosting a party. A band played until 01:30 - not too bad but we were on the first floor and I hate Queen (and Abba)! However, after the band finished and the room cleared, the staff dragged the furniture back in over the wooden floor. It was past four in the morning before I got to sleep. I mentioned this when I checked out but got no satisfaction.Our room was beside a store of some sort - at least we didn't waste any of the holiday sleeping late in the morning! Finally - I came home with two nice bite marks as a souvenir of my stay!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcebuhar
<Content>Great, except for the CONSTRUCTION This hotel gets rave reviews from all sources, and we agree that the room was nice, except that they failed to mention that there was exterior construction right outside our window--we could wave to the guys on the scaffolding. We had asked specifically for a room with a view, as it was our first visit. Obviously, no view except for the construction workers so all drapes had to be closed all day. They were refurbishing the brick work, so there were concrete saws outside our window 8 hours a day. The response of management was that their web site disclosed that they are working on the facade. Also, the Cafe American (rated as tops by many sources) was very subpar in service (our waitress repeatedly stated how crazy she is as she repeatedly messed up our order and forgot what she was doing) and the food was just weird (the cheeseburger had a whole tomato under the cheese???).Booked the Marriott for the return nite--it was awesome!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>walterlazymouse
<Content>very pleasantly surprised As we had already booked this hotel I was more than a little worried when I read some of the reviews on this site, I even tryed to cancel our booking but the American Hotel does not do this, so beware..As it turned out this was just as well. The hotel turned out to be really lovely, we upgraded our room to an american duluxe from an american classic so I can only go on this room. We asked for a room with a balcony overlooking the canal if possible and thats what we got, the room had the biggest bed we had ever had in a hotel and the decor was very pleasant, not the biggest room ever but very comfy and cosy. The staff were very friendly and helpful, Cafe America was a joy and if you visit the bar try a sweet candy cocktail, well worth 拢8 euros. We are returning to Amsterdam in Febuary and if we stay in this part of town will certainly be coming back to this hotel, we found none of the negitive things lots of other people found thank goodness and am pleased to recommend this hotel to others, it proved very good value for money.... Amsterdam as a city if fab to....  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>HenrikIbsen
<Content>Great Hotel in the middle of everything Me and my buddies stayed here for two nights during our yearly cultural journey to one of the bigger European cities (cultural meaning everything from visiting museums to real heavy drinking). Excellent location at Leidseplein where all the action is. A little distance from the Red Light District, but never mind, take a cab. Excellent staff, excellent bar. We never had breakfast at the hotel, but I am sure that was excellent to. Not the cheapest of hotels i AMS, but if you take advantage of the various internet offers, you could get away with it at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amjur613
<Content>Very disappointing Booked for 3 days as a stop on the way home from the East. When booked I inquired about the cancellation policy, as always. I was told that I would be liable for at least one night, even if I didn't stay at all. Upon arrival, I had become quite ill and informed the desk at check-in that I would only be staying 1 night. The desk attendant said that was no problem and that they would credit my credit card for the 2 nights. Another person overheard this and the whispered into the clek's ear and all of a sudden their policy changed!!!! I was stuck with payingfor 3 nights despite leaving the next morning!I won't even go into the intenet problems! That it didn't even work in the guest rooms, as promised, was the least of the issues.The room was OK, but European small. The location is great if you are into the art museums but pretty far from everything else.Would not stay there again. Amsterdam seems to have many better options.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	2	2	1	

<Author>traveler5635
<Content>Oct 13, 07 seems very nice but... I just checked in 6 hours ago, when I entered the room there was a very strong smell, like some kind of air freshener trying to cover up a rotten smell. I should have requested a new room immediately, I opened the window, hit the sauna, ran out to see the city. After coming back to my room it was better (of course), but still smelled a bit rotten. Had to close the window (cold outside). I called the front desk to see what they could do about the smell or the room, the gentlemen said he would get back to me. It has been over an hour, no one has called back.A few minor things I would have overlooked but with the room smell they add up: the sauna had no towels, another guest asked if I knew where the towels were, also went to order room service, there was no menu, had to call twice, 40 minutes later they brought a menu.Overall I would not recommend this hotel. It is beautiful place, but the service is very poor! Wish I had a better review.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waterbottler
<Content>Excellent Stay - Beautiful Room and Excellent Service! When I arrived at the hotel, I was very glad I booked this hotel! The hotel was very clean, and the staff were very courteous. I was even more elated when we arrived to the room. The room was very spacious and very clean. It had a very nice TV in the room. One of the channels showed the live camera of the street outside.It had excellent amenities.There was a small gym and a sauna downstairs (in the basement area). The hotel was in a very good location, and it was definitely well worth the money! :)  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MyLSD
<Content>A top choice for staying in Amsterdam!       The Room  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pooch2121
<Content>fantastic location       the hotel from the canal boat  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>laplume9254
<Content>Is this the best there is????? We recently stayed at the hotel since it was one of the top three splurge hotels recommended by the Frommer's guide. If this is one of the top three hotels in Amsterdam, what are the other properties like??? The room was average at best...dreary hallways, tiny elevators, smelled musty and old, and located in a dirty section of town. If you need to stay in this area, opt for the Marriott just next door.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sackville
<Content>Fab location - public areas are 'tired' Booked on hotelbook.com (which was a really easy site to use) and no problems at all with the bookking. The rate was expensive due to a congress and Amsterdam was pretty full. i stayed at this hotel years ago (when it was an Intercontinental)and unfortunately it looks as though some of the public areas and stair/lift areas have not been touched in years and are due for refurbishment as it's looking very tired.The room was extremely small and overlooked the front so noisy at night. (Fountains and traffic). That said, the room was clean and the bathroom good. the bed was way too soft for my likning, but that's a personal choice but everything else was fine. Didn';t get a chance to eat in the hotel as only a one night stay and early departure. The location can't be beaten, but it would be even better if the hotel lived up to the location.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bikermich
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location I have been to Amsterdam before and stopped in Leidersplein at Rookes Coffee House (which is good and reasonably cheap), but this year left it late and couldnt get their with my mates so looked around. Spent ages deciding whether to go for another 2 star hotel but decided that for another 拢40-拢50 we could stop at the American Hotel. Unfortunately breakfast wasn't included and costs 拢10 each so we didn't bother although it looked very good. Location good and hotel very nice and posh. Dressing gowns provided, slippers, shampoo etc.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>randeekagan
<Content>Loved Our Stay We arrived at the hotel and new right away that this was a pleasant place to stay. The lobby was swanky, chic, and the staff were attentive. Our room was modern, and had the most amazing bed down comforter. It is also the best location and I would recommended this hotel in a heartbeat as my boyfriend knows I can sometimes be hard to please.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janoandpastie
<Content>excellent location the hotel is very central, we have been to amsterdam before and stayed in the Marriott which was far superior, having said that, the American Hotel was very good with the little extra's i requested on-line before the trip. It was our son's birthday and we treated him and his girlfirend to this break, we asked the hotel to provide a birthday cake and give them a room with canal view. they fulfilled our request's, and delivered the cake at the exact time requested. the rooms were average size, but the bathroom was very small. We think this part of amsterdam is excellent, lots of bars, place's to eat, street entertainment, comedy clubs, you cant go wrong staying near leidesplien square.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>glib1122
<Content>Perfect location, clean, beautiful. Extras are EXPENSIVE! The hotel is clean, classic and truly beautiful. It is located on Leidesplein, a lively square lined with cafes and entertainers. It is walking distance from all the big sites. The trams run frequently to more outlying places and were easy to master (even for this inexperienced traveler).I booked a basic room- it had no view, but I didn't care. It was spacious (for Europe) and the bathroom was huge. Air conditioning was powerful!The staff were extremely friendly and helpful.My one complaint is that the extras- cafe, minibar, phone calls are all outrageously priced. The minibar has sensors in it- we didn't even open it and one night the minibar police knocked on our door to restock the bar b/c the alarm had gone off.Overall, a great place!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ohjustpeachy
<Content>Enjoyed Amsterdam American I was delighted to get a good deal on booking.com as the hotel is beautiful (in person and online). Its location is fantastic and the restaurant oozes charm, character and chatter every day. The room was very large, with coffee facilities, safe etc. and I gather it was a much older (decor) room than some but it suited us perfectly because we were out and about most of our time there. Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>charmcity
<Content>Loved it My husband and I just returned from an 8 day stay at this hotel. Wonderful location, quiet, great beds, fabulous view from the balcony (overlooks a canal and a small park). Really, there were no drawbacks. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Newyorker765
<Content>All Star Conveniance Stayed four days at the Hotel American in May. Room 607 was a delux, very comfortable, with a great view of canals and boat traffic. The Hotel is walking distance to all the main museums, flower market, and even Rembrandtplein. Three trams are right out the door, as is the Water Taxi. Old town and Red light District are only 10 minutes away on Trams. Staff was very friendly and helpful. These are the Pro's. The Con's: Rather expensive overall, outrageous Internet and Mini Bar Prices, and overpriced Cafe American (but it does look stunning!) Gym is poor. All in all a wonderful stay despite the caveats.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>DCMJMM
<Content>Great Location Great location. Near Museum Quarter and convenient public transportatin to get anywhere else in the city. Near many different ethnic restaurants.Stayed in a Junior Suite. Nice modern room and bathroom. Beautiful restaurant. Good breakfast buffet but cheaper options nearby.We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>E_Hemingway
<Content>Prime location This hotel is in the best part of Amsterdam in my view. Pretty much the geographical centre and a hub for trams. Despite this the room was quiet with little outside noise.The hotel itself is good by Amsterdam standards. Apparently some rooms have canal views, but not mine. But the room is massive with plenty of room for 2. A good comfortable King Bed.Mini bar prices are expensive but there are a number of convenience stores just outside the door. So get your beer there. 7.50 euro for a heineken is a joke.Staff are friendly and what you would expect of a 4 star. Really, the whole hotel is standard for a 4 star but the larger room made me give it an above average. Plus Cafe Aericain which is a must visit even for just afternoon tea. Although, you don't need to stay here to visit.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SFtoADam
<Content>Terrible Cancellation/Reservation Policy -- Book carefully I have been relocated to Amsterdam for work for 6 mos and my company booked me in a room at the American Hotel in Amsterdam for 8 days while I looked for an apartment to rent.Overall, the staff at the hotel was great and location central (albeit touristy) but they tack on lots of little extras. A subpar buffet breakfast costs 21 Euros (after making the mistake once I walked down the street to Bagels and Beans and ate much better for 4 Euros), basic internet access costs 17 Euros a day and I had problems with my eithernet connection.However, my main issue with the hotel is that after you check in you can't change your reservation. So, as luck would have it, I found an apt and moved in on my 5th day in the city. I let the manager know 24 hrs in advance that I would be leaving 2 days early, however, apparently once you physically check in to the hotel you can't change your end date. You can change the length of the reservation after you make it but this has to be done bfore you check in. My company was obligated to pay for the two days that I didn't stay there -- and they could have easily re-rented the room as it was a national holiday and 3 day weekend.Additionally, two colleagues for work were coming out for a week for work and our work travel department booked them in the hotel as well (I have since told them not to put people there). Based on my review, my co-workers tried to cancel their reservations at the American Hotel 3 weeks in advance of their arrival date and they were told that if they cancelled they'd have to still pay the full amount for their stay (over 1600 Euros each). So, apparently you can't cancel a reservation in it's entirity as well. You can only alter it (which is what they did -- changed from 8 days to 1 day and will be moving to a nearby, nicer and cheaper hotel) . Apparently these details are included in the fine print when you make a reservation, but I have never heard of such an inflexible reservation policy and haven't found another hotel in Amsterdam that has such a policy in place.So, a word of warning, if you book at this hotel make sure that you are 100% confident in your dates and book trip insurance in case you have to cancel and are charged the full amount  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>tropicaldan
<Content>A good hotel in a super location This was our fourth visit to Amsterdam, previously staying in two tacky low-budget boutique hotels and then an executive room in the Marriot ,which was excellent. We opted for the same area as the Marriot (Leidsersplein) but chose the American just for the change, and while I would still give the Marriot a higher mark, we were overall not disappointed. We stayed from May 10th to May 15th.Service at check in was top rate, the bellboy service excellent, the room very pleasant, though smaller than the Marriot, and the view over the canal and a small park just what we wanted. It wasnt double glazed, so was consequently less well soundproofed than the Marriot from the traffic noise and the occasional midnight singing of football songs by lost and drunken Englishmen on the weekend.We had breakfast in our room each morning which is very expensive but as we were on holiday we thought so what ? We had dinner in their excellent art deco Cafe American restaurant on two nights, again pricey, but if you can afford it, well worth the experience. The hotel decor throughout is both stylish and elegant, all very art deco.Leidserplein is a fantastic location for all of Amsterdam, with everything walkable or easily accessible by any one of the three tram routes which pass right outside the hotel and a host of reasonable restaurants nearby. Would like to recommend the Indian restaurant Maurya just around the corner in Korte Leidsedwars str. - wonderful experience.Vondel Park is nearby and great to walk around no matter what the weather - and a good place to hire a bike and ride around if riding a bicycle takes your fancy but the idea of riding in traffic scares the living daylights out of you like it did us !All in all, a good hotel, in a super location, in a fantastic city. If and when we return to Amsterdam, I would probably just give the Marriot the nod for its bigger rooms and bathrooms and generally quieter environment, though the American is by far the more stylish and elegant hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DTravelerAndFriends
<Content>A Great First Time Experience! My friend and I went to Amsterdam for a concert - this was our first trip out to the Netherlands! We had been looking all over the city and read tons of reviews and decided to stay at this hotel finally! And we were soo glad we did. Like I said it was our first trip there and we weren't familiar with the area at all so it was VERY nice to be in the middle of everything! The staff was absolutely superb! They helped up track down our hotel tickets - which eventually were hand delivered to us! They also made our breakfast reservations on our departure day with no problems! On arrival, we had special requests that had been honored to the T - we had even forgotten we had made the requests as usually most requests are not always guaranteed! But everything was perfect!!!The city is soooo well laid out that we ended up walking everyplace and the fact that our hotel was friendly and right in the most perfect location, we took Amsterdam on as soon as we arrived! We would def stay there again and would highly recommend it as a perfect place to begin a love affair for such a great city!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Playsmart
<Content>Great Hotel for the Money The wife and I booked a last minute deal through expedia to be there over christmas. The hotel was very lovely. You really can't ask for a more central location than this. It is a art-deco hotel and one must remember that when they stay. The staff was extremely friendly. The room was nothing that stood out since it is a typical european hotel room. Small yet quaint but def. big enough. If you are going to a place like Amsterdam you aren't really going to be spending that much time in the hotel anyways. Agaian, I can't rave more about the location and you have about a half dozen trams to choose from when you walk outside. It was gorgeous in the winter so I can only imagine how the summer is.Big thumbs up for the hotel!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Kneeto
<Content>Amazing service and restaurant, but boring hotel overall The service at this hotel is exceptional. The rooms are rather dated and they are nothing special. That said, the restaurant is like a 3 carat diamond. A sparkling gem which I would recommend to anyone and everyone that I know. I will not likely stay at the hotel again but I will complement the restaurant and remember our meal there for years to come. The service is top rate and the staff are something special. The decor and atmosphere are an experience. The piano player was just the kind of extra atmosphere you would hope for. If you go to Amsterdam and want a special meal, this is the place to go.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MizunguhowRU?
<Content>Art Deco funky in the heart of the the tourist zone       Double Room  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	1	

<Author>SamRubberduck
<Content>Hotel without any spirit Visiting Amsterdam could be a great experience or a challenge if you like to plan your stay in Amsterdam American Hotel. We`ve been there only 24 hours ago and I can not recommend this place at all. We booked our standardroom over the net and expected nothing more than standard. What we got was below that.A room on the 5th floor under the roof, with a bathroom so small that it was impossible for two people to be there at the same time! I felt myself back in time, when I was a student. Breakfast was served for 21 Euros/person extra charge in the morning. It isn`t worth the money. Travelling through Europe I`ve seen much better breakfast buffets than this for the same price or even cheaper.The stuff was friendly, but not very helpful. Maybe they don`t like germans as many dutch people do for historic reasons. The bar is OK, but be aware not to be very thirsty, because the service is not very active.And, in most cases you will internet access free of any charge in european hotels. Not here. 10 Euros for 60 min/day is the rate.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	3	1	

<Author>smokeyjobe
<Content>Great Hotel in Perfect Location! I came across the Amsterdam American Hotel on my first visit to the city, when on a bright summers day, I sat in the outside area of the Hotel and enjoyed a delicious tapas lunch. On that occasion I stayed at the very pleasant Amsterdam Art Hotel. The only problem was the distance from the hotel to the city centre (3km). This time, recalling that lunch, I found and booked to stay at the American Hotel at a very reasonable rate (approx 80% discounts available if you find the right sites). The staff were pleasant and helpful. Part of the Hotel was under renovation and when we arrived at our room, there was a letter on the bed apologising for any disturbances, and offering 1 pack of earplugs and 1 small paintbrush compliments of the Hotel! Thick walls prevented any unwelcome noises, the bedrooms were stylish and modern whilst remaining comfortable [excellent bed!] and the bathroom housed a shower/bath in which I had the best shower I've ever had at a hotel. The only disappointment was the cost of breakfast (22 euros per person). I'm not known as a tightwad, but we were able to get delicious hearty breakfasts that cost half that amount at a cafe across the square, and how can you argue with that?The Hotel's location can't be faulted as it is situated in the heart of the eating/drinking/shopping/theatre area (Leidesplein) and only a few minutes walk from the main art and histrory museums. Plus, pretty much all the main attractions are within 40 minutes walking distance. Alternatively, the Canal bus, regular buses and trams all have stops right outside the Hotel.The restaurant is worth a visit. The food is very good if a little pricey (lunch is best for those on a budget), but what makes it worthwhile is the amazing Art Nouveau interior. Photos do not do the place justice. Just beautiful.I would definitely stay at the Amsterdam American Hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DarrylGould
<Content>Faded glamour! Please forgive me for writing in the present tense, but I am in the hotel room now, and feel so strongly about this hotel, that I had to write my review immediately. Last week I stayed in the Marriott hotel which is just a bridge away. I was quite impressed with the Marriott, but felt I should try the American as a friend had recommended it. The American was 5 Euro cheaper than the Marriott. It cost 160 Euro for 1 night (without breakfast). On first impressions, the hotel seems very nice. It has a cosy bar, and an inviting reception. The staff were pleasant and prompt.  When I reached my room I was very disappointed. The room is narrow and you have to manoeuvre your way passed the TV cabinet to get into the room. When the bathroom door is open it is virtually impossible to get passed the bed. The bid is a King-size, but the mattress is extremely soft and I am struggling to sit on it, never mind sleep. The sheets are cheap, and the budget didn't even run to a valance on the bed, as I can see the bed base (which is quite unsightly). The furniture and curtains have definitely seen better days. The bathroom is tiny. Barely room to take a pee standing up! All of this is in stark contrast to the Marriott, which has recently been refurbished. I will write a review of the Marriott as soon as I get home. To sum up: this hotel has certainly seen better days. If you are looking to stay in this area, book the Marriott.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>liniloo
<Content>excellent hotel My husband and I have just returned from a 3 night business/pleasure stay at this hotel and were extremely pleased with every aspect of the hotel. We booked the hotel through a booking website and then e-mailed the hotel direct requesting a room with a balcony with a canal view which we were allocated on arrival at no extra cost.The staff were very friendly and helpful and we found the service in the bar and restaurant to be excellent.Location was perfect and we will definately be using this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DinkyN
<Content>Great location and great hospitality I booked the trip as a surprise Birthday present for my husband for us and 2 further rooms for friends. We had a fantastic long weekend and overall I was impressed with the hotel.When I booked I told them that it was a Birthday and requested a high room with a good view which they gave us together with drinks vouchers and local biscuits as a gift. The room overlooked the canal and was really clean and well appointed.The bar area is very funky, decorated with photos of stars who have previously visited and the location is excellent, right next to the tram stop for easy access to the rest of Amsterdam and also adjacent to Leidseplein with all its bars and cafes.The room was not ready when we arrived but we were warned at the time of booking that was likely to be the case and the concierge was extremely helpful and efficient, storing the bags delivering them to our room when it was available.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>John080347
<Content>Great location, but a great disappointment overall       ..with the building containers outside!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tashmoo
<Content>Mixed bag Given the amount of time I spent on Trip Advisor looking for information I figured the least I could do is provide a review. I booked a six-day stay at this hotel for me, my wife and teenage daughter.The location is very central. Our room overlooked the main square which was quite nice. The tram noise might be a consideration for some but we did not mind it (background atmosphere). The room was large and quite nice. Nice hot shower. Front desk folks were helpful and pleasant. I wish we could have checked in earlier after arriving at 8 am on a flight from Boston. We had to wait until almost 3 pm, the official time, and we were dead on our feet. The hotel bar is a nice place for a drink. We were very disappointed with the service in the restaurant (In general, the philosophy of service in Amsterdamappears to be one of benign neglect). We are not picky customers but I think waiting approximately one hour to get our main course is a bit much. My real complaint is that no one, such as a floor manager, stopped by our table to explain what the problem was and offer us a drink. We were in no rush and would have been sympathetic. Having worked in a restaurant I know that chefs do melt down and kitchens do get overwhelmed. One waiter did mention that we were not his table and he was helping out another waiter and another waiter mentioned something about new systems. It was not just us. A poor family with kids at the next table also waited a very long time for dinner. The clincher was when I asked for the dessert menu. Yet another waiter brought us the menu. When he returned I ordered Creme brulee, one of only several desserts, and the one thing I was lookingforward to all night. They were out! Why he did not mention that fact when he brought the menu escaped me. The food was good but all in all we were very disappointed. We expected the service would match the decor and it did not. I hope the management pays some attention to this issue and corrects it. Other folks had posted similar complaints and we decided to take a chance.Speaking of service, when we returned to our room there was a room service tray outside the door of a nearby room. It was still outside the door late the next morning.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CarolineB1982
<Content>Perfect location! My boyfriend and I (30 and 24) had a fabulous stay at the American hotel in Amsterdam, it's situated by a main square where there are more restaurants than you could think of within 2 mins by foot. The hotel is currently being renovated so we didn't get to see in it's full glory as there was some scaffolding up. It was mentioned as the first apartment / hotel in the whole of the Netherlands so that was cool. The hotel itself doesn't have such an impressive frontage but once you look round the corner you realise it's grandeur. The room itself was a little on the small side but spotlessly clean witha big plasma tv, mini bar and desk. The management had left tokens for complimentary drinks ofr us and there was a set of ear plugs and a paint brush! As we only stayed for only one night, Sunday 4th March, it said the work was only going on Mon -Sat so we didn't hear anything. We slept till after 10 on the Monday morning in the giant bed! Had a lovely meal after the canal tour in a Mexican restaurant right next to the Cafe Alto Jazz Bar on a street whcih runs down past the Bulldog Coffeeshop. The jazz bar was fab, excellent friendly musicians and drinks weren't very expensive - all in all a lovely end to a trip visiting family in another part of the Netherlands.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>artfestival
<Content>Great hotel for a great price in Amsterdam The Amsterdam American hotel is in a fabulous location, on a square, conveniently located to most everything in Amsterdam. The rooms are spacious, immaculately clean, plasma screen tv's, huge windows that open.The room we had was bright and sunny and faced a side street so it was quiet. The bar in the hotel was great. Very lively and had great drinks.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinytearsLeicester
<Content>Great value for money. Definitely recommend Booked this hotel after searching on Easybook.com. It was well placed next to lots of shops and bars/restaurants. The hotel staff were very polite and efficient. Rooms were large and very clean. View from our room was rubbish as it backed onto another building but as we didn't spend much time in the room it wasn't a big deal. Fully stocked minibar and tea and coffee making facilities. Pillows on the bed were very small. The bathroom was extremely clean and the water pressure in both the bath and shower was excellent. Lovely hot water on demand. Few basic toiletries also included. Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kateharcus
<Content>VERY NICE HOTEL! I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights 16th-18th feb 2007. The hotel was in a great location...right on the leidseplein within reach of bars, restaurants and numerous coffee shops. About a 15 min walk will take you up to dam square and central station area.We where upgraded to a room with a canal view and balcony....which was a very nice room. Now I am a travel agent and I have stayed in my fair share of hotels...this hotel is very nice and i would recommend staying there on your trip to amsterdam....it is very much your bog standard 4 star hotel....the room was spacious...reminded me of a higher standard best western hotel or a 4 star holiday inn. The bathroom was small but very clean and overall very modern. I didn't eat in the hotel as the breakfast was 21 euro which was a bit steep when you can walk outside and get a breakfast for around 8 euros in the sports cafe.I couldn't comment on the staff at the hotel as apart from checking in I never dealt with them all weekend. The room was cleaned and fresh towels each day.Overall...i would recommend this hotel to any traveller business or pleasure. very good! x  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hispanist
<Content>Half Term Break This was our second trip to Amsterdam. We saw the American Hotel on our previous visit three years ago, sat outside, had a drink and thought the location would be ideal if we ever returned. We weren't disappointed. The hotel is ideally placed for shopping and sightseeing and there are several bars and restaurants nearby.The hotel lacks the wow factor of the Radisson where we stayed in 2004 but there is not much to complain about. The service was friendly and efficient from start to finish. Every member of staff we came into contact with was friendly, helpful and polite. The room we were given was a little on the small side and the view could have been better, but it was well equipped, well decorated and the beds were comfortable. There was some work going on during our stay but this did not prove to be an inconvenience.The bar is great in the evening as you have a good view of the square outside and can sit and watch the world go by. The restaurant is well run and the decor and ambiance justify the hotel's five stars. Overall we would rate the hotel as a good four star establishment and would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>shelly2006
<Content>Fab Hotel! Have just come back from amsterdam yesterday!Stayed at this hotel arrived on an early morning flight,they upgraded our room and we got allocated our room straight away even though check in was for 3pm!Staff couldnt have been more helpful!Got a great rate for this hotel!Fantastic location!Would def recommend this to a friend!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>loopylouie22
<Content>brilliant time and brilliant hotel got a really good deal on this hotel, the room was small but i had no problem with that. great location right next to great nitelife. we didnt have a canal view but then again i paid very little for the room so that was expected. i wud highly recommend to stay here...a beautiful hotel with great facilities and helpful staff. will stay here again with no problem.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>jonnysdad
<Content>enjoyable stay Spent 3 nights in mid January in a very pleasant Hotel. We didn鈥檛 arrive til quite late thanks to a delayed flight from Blackpool, an hour delay on a 50-minute flight is a bit annoying! We were quickly and efficiently checked in by the friendly staff, and given an upgrade to a de luxe room with a view over the canal. The room was spotless with the biggest bed I ve ever seen, though the bathroom was a little on the small side (though spotless nevertheless). After a quick freshen up we went down to the bar for our complimentary drinks before setting out to find somewhere to eat, (not a problem as there are dozens of restaurants around the Leidesplein). We had booked 'room only' so had breakfast across the sq in the unpretentious looking 'Sky Sports' bar which served excellent food, huge portions at a very reasonable price (try one of the pancakes!) The hotel is being refurbished, though other than the stairs to the mezzanine floor being taped off you wouldn't know. Overall a very pleasant hotel, friendly staff, and a pleasant though expensive bar  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ATLgirl
<Content>Unacceptable practice- BEWARE- this place does the bait and swtich. They overbook and then send you to another hotel. Very dodgy. It seemed very commonplace for them- the porter said that they do it all the time.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeterNewcastleUK
<Content>It's worth paying that bit extra! I go to Amsterdam every year for a short break, this was my 20th visit and I have stayed in many different hotels from budget to luxury. I can without hesitation state that the American Hotel tops the lot in my opinion. I booked in on the back of other Tripadvisor reviews about this hotel and I got what I thought was a good rate at 100 euros a night (single,room only basis,booked via ---.nl).I requested via email a 'quiet room on a high floor' and was allocated a room on the 6th (top) floor on arrival.The room was spacious with a massive bed, spotlessly clean but most importantly VERY QUIET - you could hear a pin drop.The only noise I heard was the distant clang of the tram bell. A big difference from other hotels, sometimes more expensive.I did not eat in the hotel as it was expensive but as other people have said there are many places to eat elsewhere.Trams 1, 2 and 5 stop around the corner and all take the same route to the Centraal Station (1.60 euros only) via the flower market, Dam square etc. I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shazhudson
<Content>Still a great place to stay! Stayed here with my boyfriend and parents from 23rd December 2006 to 28th December 2006.This is the second time my boyfriend and I have stayed here and it's still a really good place to stay. The service was still great and the staff really friendly and helpful.The breakfast is expensive at 20 euro a head but we had it on Christmas day. It is a lovely breakfast with everything you could want to have including champagne, which was a nice touch for Christmas morning. You get champagne any morning there though!Rooms were overlooking the Leidseplein square area which we had asked for and were spacious and very clean. The maid service was brilliant too!I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.We used the connexions service from the airport to the doorstep of the hotel and return, it costs 19 euro a head return but is well worth it instead of getting a train to central station then getting ripped off in a taxi to save carting luggage on a tram. Great little service and friendly drivers who give you a kind of commentary round the city.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AllyRock
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! This hotel is fantastically located, right on the leidsplein square, which is great for bars  restaurants. The hotel itself is beautiful from the outside, big and imposing. The lobby has a very modern feel to it, very clean and swish, the staff were very helpful. We got there at 2pm and our room wasn't ready for another hour, but we were able to leave our bags with the conceirge while we went for a drink. Upon checking in, we couldn't find our room but one of the bell-hops who saw us looking lost immediately offered to help, and took us in the lift all the way to our room which was very kind.Without asking we were upgraded to a suite, which I must say was very nice. The room was massive and included a large double bed, big pillows, a couch and two armchairs, plasma tv (with several english speaking channels including CNN, BBC and MTV) , tea  coffee facilites, ironing board  iron, safe, the bathroom was large too, with double sinks, a fantastic shower, robes  slippers. The room itself was right above the reception, but still very quiet. It had big floor to ceiling windows overlooking the canal which was beautiful. It could have been more noisy, but the bed was that far from the window you didn't notice! The room was spotless, and an absolute bargain which we got through the hotels website for 100 euros a night. Breakfast was not included in the rate, and is 20e per person, we didn't bother and instead headed out and bought some pastries. Upon checking out, we were able to leave our bags all day until our flight, which is a massive help. I would highly recommend this hotel, good location, great room, good rates, nice staff. Brilliant!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ramp
<Content>love america Arived christmas eve for two nights booked deluxe room on hotel web site for 155 euros per night. Had great room on 5 floor.best location in amsterdam.Last stayed here 7 years ago has been recently refitted better eating and drinking places close to hotel worth spending a bit extra to get a room with a view on a high floor.Nice staff but its all about location.Highly recomended.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Maccaphile
<Content>Satisfactory Stay This property cannot be beat location-wise; within walking distance of the Rijksmuseum, The Van Gogh Museum, Het Concertgebouw, Vondel Park, and the Holland Casino, the best of Amsterdam culture is right at your fingertips. In addition, multiple trams run directly outside of the hotel, so whatever is not easily within walking distance is definitely within reach via public transportation. The front desk staff was highly accommodating and totally fluent in English, although it did seem that they were slightly understaffed. The public areas of this facility are clean and well-appointed, however, I did find that hallways were a bit tired and in need of renovation. Our request for a canal side room was not met; our view left much to be desired, as did the size of our room, however the beds were more than adequate and the bathroom was modern and clean. I would certainly recommend this property for location alone, although I am not entirely convinced that it is the best value in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Pooks2Go
<Content>Tiny room, lousy service, great location Firstly, I don't know how every site could be so wrong about a hotel. I happened to find a really great deal on the hotel on some site and was excited to go to this hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed there in early November after reading so many great reviews online and we were expecting a fabulous gothic and modern hotel. We were so wrong! I admit, the location is excellent: close to the museums, chic shopping, and the city center. Not in the middle of all the chaos but close enough. That's about where my compliments end.Let's start at the beginning. We arrived late in the evening and we were expecting to order room service. No room service after 11 pm or something ridiculous like that. When we asked the girl at the front desk if she knew of any restaurants that would be open, she said she didn't know any restaurants that would be open at that hour. After going back and forth with her she finally got the bell boy to tell us that McDonalds was open down the street. We walked out and it was raining. I went to the same girl and asked if they had any umbrellas for guests. There was a big box of umbrellas behind her. She said that they were out of umbrellas. I mentioned that there is a box behind her. She replied that they were for sale and I could buy one. I said I only wanted to use it to go down the street and as a paying guest, the hotel could afford to loan me one for 10 minutes. I can skip the rest and simply say, I got very VERY wet that evening.The room was really small. The furniture was in bad shape. Not modern at all. Somewhat dirty with strands of hair in the drawers and on the carpet. OK bathroom (clean and functioning). The people across from us were constantly ordering room service and the dirty trays were left all over the hallway all day long which was kind of gross. The final incident was the morning we were checking out. Our flight was at 4 pm and we requested a late check out. The woman at the desk said that it would be 25 Euros an hour which is something I've never been told at any hotel (even $10 youth hostels I've stayed at!) I would have preferred that she said the hotel was booked and unfortunately couldn't accomodate our late check out. Pretty tacky, if you ask me. It gets worse. We asked the front desk to confirm out seats and flight. The girl said that she couldn't do it. Why, you might ask? Her response was that it was really hard to get through to the airline and she didn't want to wait on the phone for a long time. Hello?!?! What kind of front desk person says that? If you weren't into customer service why would you get a job at a front desk of a hotel??? Needless to say, we spoke with the manager who was very helpful and took care of it. Of course, when we returned from walking around the town one last time, we asked the girl if everthing is ok for our flight. Her response was, Everything is confirmed. You know, these days you don't have to call and confirm flights. I was kind of shocked but at that point not surprised.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Tartan_Totty
<Content>Fabulous! I have stayed here more times than I can remember and I just can't help going back.The rooms are lovely (especially if you can get allocated one of the newer ones on check-in), the staff are helpful, professional and knowledgeable. The food is good although we did tend to go out and try other places.This hotel has a fabulous location right beside Leidseplain where you can sit and people watch with a GT (or ten) for hours!The last couple of times we stayed we upgraded to the Mata Hari Suite - WOW! You could hold a party in there and you even get the Music System to do it!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>adrienneth
<Content>Nice for A European Hotel I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Apparently, I got an unheard of rate of $147 euros for a one night, Saturday night, stay. The room was SMALL, but clean, comfy, and the bathroom was the nicest I've experienced in Amsterdam (spacious, separate tub and shower, nice fixtures, lighted mirrors, white robe and slippers, etc.). You'll have a flat screen TV with stations in English. Stay AWAY from the mini-bar- I got desperate and paid $7 euros for a large bag of MM's. I was desperate. I'd also stay away from the full American breakfast buffet. It's $20 euros, the eggs tasted awful, and the bacon was horrible. You do get champagne, though. The place is very pretty, the elevators are spacious, and the staff is quite accomodating. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>vbfan
<Content>Great stay at the American I just returned from a 6 night stay at the American. The room was comfortable, immaculately clean and modern. I had a single room with a king size bed and I was pleasantly surprised by the large size of the room which included a desk and sitting area. The bathroom was modern and of average size. Everyone I interacted with on the staff from the concierge to the gentleman that cleaned my room were pleasant and friendly. The front desk staff were always helpful in answering my questions and giving suggestions for meals, etc; checking in/out was a breeze. I had breakfast and lunch several times in the restaurant and enjoyed my meals. I have no complaints and would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chuck, Santa Cruz
<Content>Good location but not a very good value This is actually a pretty good hotel, in a convenient location, but I have to admit being shell-shocked as to how much it cost. I paid 230Euros per night for a small single room with no meals and no Internet access. Everything else seemed dramatically expensive as well; breakfast was 20Euros ($26) and Internet acces in the room was 22Euro ($28). There is a restaurant and a bar associated with the hotel, and eveything was neat and efficient, but I could not help thinking that I had spent a King's Ransom for two night's lodging. Next time I will stay in a smaller place for half as much.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Fryfamily2006
<Content>Great hotel - great location We booked this hotel out of some desperation after we arrived at the Hotel V and couldn't stay there - simply too depressing location and cheaply done. So we called the American and obtained a delightful triple room for 185 euros per night (205 euros for the Friday night).Very good atmosphere in the bar ( most of the bars around Leidesplein are rather loud and trashy) and a very good restaurant.Very comfortable room - large bathroon and excellent beds. Decent size room. Not super-luxury but very good indeed.The restaurant's good but on the expensive side. But it does have a real buzz.It's the location that is very good - it has its own river cruise jetty and all the trams pass close by. And it's an easy walk to the museums.We did go up to the old city and felt rather uncomfortable up there. Many of the larger hotels eg the Movenpick are up near the central station or close by the red ight district. So I wouldn't recommend staying up there.Perfect for a long weekend. And do go to see Boom Chicago - it's like Whose Line is it Anyway but with surprisingly good food.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>S.E.-L.V.
<Content>Love this place This was a great Hotel. Incredible staff, beautiful Hotel, inside and out. A great city. Our room looked out over the canal, highly recommend this. Easy access to everything in the city. The art musuems are a five minute walk. The only thing I would change, would be to get a room with a large bed. The singles are fairly small. Cannot say enough about the Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BiotechTraveler
<Content>Modern and old at the same time Lobby area is small, but great looking with modern and sleek minimalist design, but it is at times crowded with smoking meeting participants rendering the air terrible. And there is no air circulation. The staff is great, however, check/in and out seems overly complicated and slow - an antiquated computer system may be to blame. Rooms are generally on the smaller side, with small bathrooms. Both areas are nice and clean. The shower heads are the typical European models that tend to squirt more than they shower. Good towels. Internet access is 25 Euro per day! Corridors are generally neglected, and the elevators very small and slow.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>lkeegan
<Content>Loved it! Very posh! Absolutely gorgeous hotel in a brilliant location, right beside the main shopping area but far enough away that you're not bothered by noise at night. The rooms are beautiful- when we arrived we were told we'd been upgraded to a fancier one overlooking the canal- we'd requested a nice room in our email to them, and they certainly didnt let us down! The hotel itself has a great bar and dining area, though unfortunately we werent up early enough to sample the breakfast. The night life in the hotel itself and in Amsterdam in general is great craic. Would definitely recommend this hotel and a stay in Amsterdam- its a brilliant city and there's a lot more to it than the red light district. PS. rent the bikes, its a great city for getting around on bikes, even if you dont like cycling (like my boyfriend!)  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ManontheMoon
<Content>Consistent Qualitiy As a veteran of many Amsterdam breaks it is clear that the consistency of hotels in this wonderful city is questionable. The Amsterdam Amercian is one of the exceptions to this in my opinion. Decent size rooms, great view, great location and very friendly staff. Sure, the rooms might benefit from some updating to the interior but I always find this hotel as a comfortable, stress free vibe.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BCKTravelers
<Content>Exceeded Expecations My husband and I traveled to Europe with our 4 year old son and my sister. Since there was a huge convention in town we had few choices but chose the American Hotel because it seemed like the best given the circumstances. We were so pleased with our choice. The location on the Leidseplein and just blocks from the canal tour, Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum was wonderful. The room was very modern and clean. It included great bath products. We chose a deluxe room with a balcony and canal view. The staff was very friendly. We appreciated their playfulness with our son who had just gotten off the plane after traveling from Los Angeles. The extensive buffet breakfast (includes champagne) in the American Cafe--watching the city wake up--was a terrific way to begin our vacation. We can highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flysalot
<Content>Absolutely Marvelous Just completed a long weekend visit and stayed at the Amsterdam American Hotel and cannot recommend it enough. Staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly, rooms quite large for Europe, very clean, even extra pristine bathroom linens. Cafe American is terrific - a Sunday Jazz brunch is quite special. The location is nothing short of perfect - ease of access to trams in all directions, easy walking to everything, wonderful canal location.Unbelievably quiet, 24 hour service although entrance changes after midnight. If you have physical difficulties might not be best choice as there are some stairs in property and as a bath/shower combination you have to step into. Thought it was exceptionally good value for the room rate. A building with great history, fantastic staff and location, and a well maintained property I would most assuredly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>uka
<Content>Fantastic location! We were a group and we stayed at the hotel for three nights. The hotel has a fantastic location! Leidseplein is right in front of the hotel with many bars, nightclubs, comedy theatre, and restaurants. The museums are within walking distance. The rooms are of average size and all the rooms have had differnt plans of solution. The bathroom was ok, with large and clean towels. The twin beds are very comfortable and the rooms are aircondioned. Ask for rooms with canal view, these are located on the quite side of the hotel. Quality of the rooms are average. The staff are friendly, eventhough there seems to be a touch of professional friendliness. We had some trouble with our bookings but it was solved without further difficulties. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as it was expensive. We ate outside and can suggest you a beagle and bean cafe situated on the leidsestraat, and it is on the lefthand side on the 2nd canalbridge from the hotel. You can get a lovely berakfast for 7 euros! There is a exercise room at the hotel, but if you are a runner i will suggest you a fantastic running tour through the Vondelpark, just a few hundred meters away from the hotel. Beautiful park and you can run and see! A maxi taxi to the hotel costs around 50 euros or else you can take a train to the centralstation and take tram 1 or 5 which stops just outside the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>Great Value  Great Location, suprisingly great service from staff and a nice big bed in my room. The breakfast was really good even for the EUR20 and the American Bar serves one of the best martinis I have ever had.Also, a nice little gym at hotel that is rarely used with a nice dry Sauna which is surprisingly for Amsterdam. It located close to museums and everything else, much better to stay here than hotels in the DAMRAK area. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ewd2
<Content>Loved this hotel My wife and I just stayed in this hotel last week. We absolutely loved it. The hotel, both inside and outside, is beautiful. We stayed in a room that overlooked the canal and had an outdoor balcony. We paid about 130 euro per night via the hotel website.There was no noise at all when we tried to go to sleep. We also went to the hotel bar one night, and it was very nice as well.My only complaints were that the room was quite small and that the comforter for a king bed was actually two seperate twin bed comforters. We didn't mind the small room, though, since we weren't in it all that much and had the balcony to relax on when we got back at night.The hotel's location is great as well. It's about a 15 min walk or a quick tram ride to the Dam Square/Red Light area, and it's only a five minute walk from the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh museum. Leidsiplein is a terrific area to get a meal or a pint or jjust sit and people watch.All in all, I think this was a great hotel and located in the ideal spot if you're in Amsterdam for a few nights.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robothell
<Content>Good Value For Money Stayed here with my girlfriend for a week in February. First visit to Amsterdam for me, my girlfriend had been once before and had all her belongings stolen from her hotel on the first evening. So we were a little apprehensive.The American is quite a grand hotel from the outside and has a beautiful grand dining room. Our room (can't remember the number) was on the 6th floor and had no balcony. It was an adequate size, had all the usual facilities, a decent size bathroom (I note other reviews had not such luck) and was quite clean. We were able to ask for a non-smoking room so we didn't have the problems other members had. There was a safe in the room (essential after my girlfriend's previous experience) free of charge. The decor in the hallways and the room were a little on the dated side.The hotel is in a very lively area of Amsterdam but this didn't carry to the rooms. There are plenty of bars, clubs, theatres and coffee shops nearby. The Picasso and Reiksmuseum are a short walk away and the Hotel overlooks one of the canals. Dam square is a 25 minute walk away or about 5 mins on the trams which stop at the rear of the hotel.All in all a decent, good value accomodation. The champagne breakfast is a must if you decide to stay here!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Skipper39
<Content>Great stay in room #408 I recently stayed in room #408 at this perfectly located hotel. My room had a nice balcony overlooking the canal and was of decent size. I found all the staff I encountered to be friendly and professional. I would definitly stay at this property again. I highly recommend the Amsterdam American Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ETolan
<Content>Don't be fooled by the grand facade!! A group of four of us stayed in the Amsterdam American in February 2006. After having booked two rooms in the new Rembrant Square hotel, building wasn't completed in time so we were upgraded to the Amsterdam American.Having seen the hotels website I was very excited and looking forward to staying there, and upon arrival was encouraged by the grand lobby and restaurant - however this was to change when we arrived at our rooms!Firstly, check in was a very long and drawn out process, and although the staff were quite pleasant, seemed to take forever. As well as this, the credit card details I gave at reception for security were later fraudulently used for purchases to the tune of 拢2500!! I have no guarantee that it was a member of hotel staff acting dishonestly, however it was the only time I had used this credit card in months.Once we left the lobby and got into the lift it was like we had stepped back in time! The marble floors had changed to 60's style carpet, and the spacious foyer was now a maze of dingy corridors! The hotel room itself served its purpose, but it was tiny. Especially the bathroom - it was virtually impossible to close the door while you were on the loo without taking your legs off!One of the evenings after a long days sightseeing (we had eaten on the way back to the hotel) we decided to have coffees and dessert in the hotel restaurant. We were served by a very eccentric man, who once he found out we only wanted desserts, looked at us as if we had horns and wasn't very friendly at all!We have stayed in Amsterdam before - and I was aware that their 5* hotels wouldn't be what I would class 5*, however I would say that this was more of a 2* hotel. Granted the location was OK, but the year before we had stayed at the Die Poort van Cleve hotel, just beside Dam Square, and were much more satisfied there. I thought the location was much better there too.All this said - if you get a really cheap deal to stay here, go for it, but don't be fooled into paying more to stay here thinking that the rooms or service will be superior to many of the other cheaper hotels to be found in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>yuringa
<Content>Super location, rooms fine This hotel is definitely well located for nightime fun (Leidersplein), museums and shopping. We stayed on the top floor in a good sized room but a tiny but presentable bathroom. The cafe for breakfast is a great setting and the room service breakfasts more than enough for 2.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mummytait
<Content>Really average, quite expensive Stayed at the American for 2 nights for a break with my husband without the kids. THe location is fantastic and the staff were really friendly and helpful. We thought the room was expensive (310 euro per night room only) and absolutely reaked of smoke (they won't let you have a no smoking junior suite???). We booked the split level junior suite as a luxury because of the pics on the web site and what we got was a tired faux art deco room with a bed deck. A bit dissappointing altogether.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>des101066
<Content>reasonable value Just returned from a weeks stay in the American Hotel.Caught the 370 bus, outside the main entrance at the airport , to Liedseplien [ good option 3.20 euros and dropped off 25 yards from hotel ]Was impressed with the art decco facade of the hotel, entered to find a very modern reception areaStaff were friendly and helpful and we were checked in immediately.Our room was okay more 3 * than 5 * [ a little disappointing after what we had already seen of the hotel ]with a balcony overlooking the canal, this side of the hotel was exceptionally quiet thru the night.[ a tip here we were in room 409 and believe the 6 rooms with balcony's on this side are rooms 412 -407 so you may want to request one of these ]the room had a king size bed, nice flat screen tv [ bbc12 ] , mini bar, 2 telephones, desk area and chair. Bathroom was fine if a little on the small sideHousekeeping was fairly good although they did forget to supply us with towels one day, quick call to reception fixed the problem.The bar and restaurant were good, although it would have been nice if they were open later than 1 am.On the whole i would say we enjoyed our stay and if you can get the 14 day advance booking for a room it is good value.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>richardlondon
<Content>Great hotel...although be careful with taxis from hotel. This hotel is in a great location and while my room was quite small it was very nice. Breakfast was a little expensive (20 Euros) but there was an excellent range of hot and cold food.Service throughout the hotel was friendly and helpful.My only concern was when leaving I was just about to get into a taxi of my choice when the concierge rushed out of the hotel and strongly encouraged me to get into a different taxi (one he clearly knew personally). I noticed this driver covered up the meter with his mobile phone and charged me a rip off rate to the airport (I was too tired to argue!)Maybe it was a pure coincidence, but I suspect not. Take care when taking taxi's from this location - there's actually a taxi rank just across the street from the hotel if you want to be sure.It was a disappointing end to an otherwise good experience.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>copahc
<Content>Stay at the marriott instead I stayed her for 2 nights. The location is great but that was the only positive. This hotel was very expensive and was not 5 star. It was not worth the price at all. The staff at the front desk was very rude and charged us extra because we had 3 people in a room instead of 2. The room was very tiny, nothing like advertised, and we had a view of the alley. I stayed at the Marriott also, just across the canal and had a MUCH larger room for only myself and it was much less expensive. the staff was nicer there also.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bunpo
<Content>Fantastic Location Stayed in American Hotel for 2 nights in June. Great location as beside Ledeisplein Square, which has numerous bars and restaurants. Quiet, comfy and clean room with King size bed and plasma TV. Would recommend getting a Tram from Central Station to Hotel as it is a considerable distance to walk and stop is ony 2 mins walk from Hotel. The Heineken Museum, Van Gogh Museum and Red Light District are must sees - if you want to go to the Anne Frank Museum, go early as queue was approx. 200 people long when we arrived at 11am. We would recommend The Van Gogh Cafe and Wok to Walk as cheap, tasty places to eat.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ireland Sam
<Content>Loved the Amsterdam American Hotel Myself and my wife have just returned from a 4 night week-end stay in Amsterdam at the Amsterdam American Hotel. The staff were very helpful and extremely efficient and the location of the hotel is excellent for a short visit as it is within walking distance of many of the sights and also on the main tram and canal routes. There is a canal stop outside the front door of the hotel. Apart from the Art-Deco restaurant, which is very beautiful with views out onto the square, the rooms are functional and comfortable.Our only complaint would be around pricing, we booked 5 months in advance and got a reasonable rate, but even this was non-refundable or flexible if we wanted to change it.We never had breakfast at the hotel becaue the base price for a meagre continental breakfast was 鈧?0 per head.If people are aware of this up front they will have an excellent stay as we did. The weather was excellent and the people we met were very friendly. A highly recommended destination for a week-end away.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris_arm13
<Content>HAD A GREAT TIME       One side of hotel  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Impressed Stayed at the American this weekend for 3 nights. Booked online so was a little unsure what we would get until we got there.Asked for at least a double bed, and also room with view of canal, but when we got to the room, it was a twin with not a great view. One quick call to reception though, and a porter quickly met us on the floor we were on with a new key. We got moved to a 'smoking room' but you wouldn't have been able to tell, it had a king size bed, and perfect view overlooking the canal. The room was huge with lots of space too. Very pleased.The staff were very friendly and helpful. They allowed us to keep our bags at the hotel before and after checkin/out. The cafe american was very classy, and the bar american was very comtemporary with award winning cocktails too. Very impressed.The Hotel is situated in a perfect location in my mind. Right on a nice canal. Plenty of places to get breakfast on our doorstep. Either museums 5 mins one way, or shops the other. Walkable distance to most things, although trams were so easy to use the entire time (lonely planet guide book very useful). I found the whole area much more tranquil than the busy centre.All in all very highly recommended and would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Skyhooks
<Content>1 x star Stayed at the American Hotel at the start of April 2006, will NEVER go back! This hotel is advertised as five star!! I would give it one star.DO NOT GET A ROOM ON THE FIRST FLOOR!!Room smelt of damp, rubbish bed, crap decor, badly in need of complete overhaul from ceiling to floor. After complaining I got moved to a 'two star' room, We are going back to Amsterdam but not to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaxMumRB
<Content>Great location, staff and room Location, staff and room - this place had the 3 things that are were most important to me on this trip. We spent one day  night in Amsterdam and the location of the American Hotel enabled us to maximize our experience. We were greeted by a very friendly and genuinly helpful clerk at check in. She helped me out as I had lost my wallet. We were a short walk to a number of museums and galleries and just a few blocks away were dozens of restaurants with almost every cuisine represented. The room we had was very modern and reminded me of some of the W hotels that I've stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average "American" Hotel Worth Staying At We arrived at the American because our hotel, the Eden Rembrandt Square Hotel, was not yet opened (even though it was slated to open its doors in January, and was actively taking reservations for March!!!) The hotel was nice, very accomodating, and in a central area of Amsterdam - great for those who really like to walk and get a feel for the land.Right around the corner are many restaurants/coffee shops (I HIGHLY recommend the Rokery!!!)and the nightlife in the RLD is a 20 min. walk (strolling.)Great location, average hotel. Would stay there again, but only if I had to - I'd rather find another place next time. It's always good to hop-around to see what the city has to offer.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Snr
<Content>Great Hotel and Superb location! Organised a stag party to stay at The Amsterdam American and they really looked after us. A group of 22 Irish lads on a wild stag party can often put the fear of God into hotel staff but we were welcomed by very friendly staff and treated without exception. The rooms were clean if a little small but were more than enough for us. The smaller bar to the left of reception was excellent with both patrons and visitors. The barman was great craic!!This is a hotel that caters for all types of visitor and is fair and unbiased with all. I would definately recommend staying at this hotel whether in a large group or as couples. Might even take the missus back if she stays with me!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gazmo
<Content>Spot Hotel Stayed at the American hotel for 3 nights on the 6th march. I have no complaints at all for the price we paid (100 euros per night). I have stayed in many hotels and BB's in amsterdam over the years which have cost more or less this amount per night. This was by far the best. Our room was large (for amsterdam) kingsize bed, air con, nice clean bathroom. Towels and sheets changed everyday by a nice polite woman. In fact every member of staff we came across was very nice and helpfull.The only slightly bad point was the price of breakfast. 20 euros, ouch. So we just went in the square and got some at half the price there.The big cafe/resturant attached to the hotel is very good for lunch or an evening meal and not too expensive. i recomend the hot chocolate its brilliant on a cold day which it was for all 3 days. I would have no problems about staying there again, great location, great staff, love the dutch.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MOH1
<Content>Nice hotel but... My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in December. The room was a good size and clean, with a small balcony, but the bed was too soft, a bit like sleeping on a water bed. The other problem was that the hotel's computer system had apparently broken down and the receptionist wasn't able to give us a final bill when we checked out. When the bill arrived in the post almost 2 months later, it included a 22 Euro charge for using the internet. Neither of us had used the internet and we didn't even have a laptop with us so watch out for bogus charges!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good looks and in the centre of the action Had a great time at the American hotel, got a great deal with Expedia. Beautiful art deco hotel. 2 great bars/restaurant. Lovely rooms, we got an upgrade to have a balcony with canal view. Right in the centre of the Leidesplein, everything you want close by, lots of great bars, coffeeshops  restos. Will deffo be going back!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SaraP77
<Content>Good room, nice hotel, great location Stayed here for 3 nights - originally booked into the new Eden Rembrandt Square hotel but were contacted a few weeks before arrival to say that this hotel would not be opening in time so they had transferred us to the American hotel for the same rate of 95 euros per night. Check in very efficient - we arrived at the hotel 3 hrs before official check in to leave our bags - no problem to do so and we were told our room would be ready within the hour. Had a great room (210) overlooking the canal - nice quiet room, larger room than expected and nicely decorated. Bathroom a bit small but no real complaint. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as it seemed a bit expensive at 20 euros each but there are plenty of places to eat in the Leidseplein and surrounding streets.Location superb - lots of choice for restaurants, several tram routes go through there, walking distance to Vondelpark and Museumplein (and probably everywhere else had I not been 5 mths pregnant at the time!)American cafe a nice place to sit and have a hot chocolate and cake in the afternoon - fab decor and not too pricey.Only downside was being charged for internet access - 5 euros for 15mins to do our online check in for the flight home. Expected this to be free in a 4 star hotel but it saved having to be at the airport for hours so worth it in the end!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Koei-Seun
<Content>Great Hotel...but... This hotel is in a great location!!! Had a very large room with a 8'x20' balcony for 80 euros per night...What a deal!!! All staff we came in contact with were very friendly and helpful!!! We would definately stay there again!! Now the but.....It should be noted that I withnessed an argument between an American woman and the hotel manager on Sunday February 19th....The woman was disputing the telephone charges on her bill....Seems she made a 10 minute call from her room at a rate of 36 euros per minute!!! Thats right folks....36 euros per MINUTE!!!! The hotel manager ..although polite simply told her that was the rate...I went back to my room and looked....NOWHERE is there ANY information on what the rates are should you use the phone. Now, my partner and I are well traveled and know that one should NEVER use a hotel room phone for outgoing calls ...especially in a foreign country...But come on...36 euros a minute???? I wouldn't have beleived it had I not heard it myself!!...Bottom line...great place...just stay away from the phone! :)  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nedben
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Four globe trotters travelled to Amsterdam in February 2006 and found there a superbly warm, welcoming and very friendly hotel. Both couples had wonderful rooms on different floors. All of the staff were very attentive, nothing was too much trouble. On the Saturday evening of our stay we had lovely meal in the Hotels restaurant, the choice and the quality of food was absolutely fabulous. In conclusion a Great Hotel comes heartily recommended.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CMRMidlandsUK
<Content>Very Good Weekend Break My wife and I went to Amsterdam with our 2 friends, from Friday 17 Feb till Sunday 19th. We found the hotel to be just what we wanted. Friendly Staff, good rooms with soft beds, hot water, to fill the large bath tub. Location is good (use tram 1, 2 5 or 11 from Central Station) Sauna, good. Breakfast on the high side at 鈧?0 but plenty of eating-places to hand. Dinner in the American Restaurant spot on. (Nicely presented food, in the 1920 surroundings) To sum up, great for the cost, staff wanted to help.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jen_ros19
<Content>Small Room for money We stayed in this hotel for two nights. I did not spend much time here as it wasnt as central as thought. I was a very very small room and our friends had this problem too. Quite out dates and looking out onto a building site accross the road. The window didnt open or close with ease. We had to ring down to get a kettle. The bathroom was dusty. If staying here do not stay on the 1st floor. Other rooms where better. It was expensive for the type of room we got. Def not 5 stars or even 4.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brum1955
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, fantastic location There is simply nothing bad to write about this hotel.Staff/Check in..10/10Porterage / Concierge...10/10Room......10/10Location...10/10Food/ Restaurent/Cafe/Bar...10/10Done Amsterdam loads of times, never stayed here before but will now never stay anywhere else whenever we are in town. One of the best hotels we have ever stayed at anywhere in the world.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kooky Design - Great hotel Although I do not agree with their design aesthetic and that is important to me, I was extremely pleased with this hotel. It's location was perfect for daytime shopping and nighttime clubbing. About a 20-30 minute walk max to anything and much closer for most. Good sheets, comfy pillows, big flat screen TVs with a closed circuit camera fixed on the Leidseplein which is absolutely hypnotic - even more so after stopping by a coffeshop.Highly recommended - especially if you can get for a discount rate (I got in at 110 Euro/night).  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>R.Denton
<Content>Good rate for the room               More photos  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>magvictoria
<Content>Nice hotel but not the best .... After staying in Swissotel on Dam Sq. we spent 2 nights in American Hotel. We got a spacious twin-room with a canal view. I really liked the room. The bathroom was rahter small but modern and clean.We had breakfast - it's really excellent for the price.At the check-out I noticed that we were charged about 60 Eu for telephone calls. We used IP card wich is supposed to have free outline connection. But the receptionist said with a smile that they charge every!! outline connection 2 Eu. So you have to pay for every attempt to dial the number. It was rather disappointing thing because that trip we stayed in 2 more hotels and never heard about such a connection charge.On the last evening I asked the consierge to book airport shuttle seats for us. And in the morning while we were having breakfast the bus left (10 minutes earlier ) without us. We had to wait for about 20 minutes more...Is it 5 stars hotel??But I would recommend this hotel to those who like the location and nice canal views.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sweep
<Content>Funny Smells and unfriendly staff I stayed at this hotel on business for two nights and I really didn't warm to it. The main problem for me, and when checked for some of my colleagues, was that our rooms smelt really musty - kind of damp and old. I also found the staff to be quite off-hand and not particularly accommodating which was odd considering we were having a conference there and spending quite a bit of money. On checking out they messed my bill up and made me so late i had to run for my plane. We will not be using them again.I'm sure this hotel is fine for a budget, city break but don't stay if you expect business class facilities (they don't have this level of service or support) and don't stay if you like luxury or glamour - it's really quite basic.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent experience at a bargain price.       Amsterdam American  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tiaUk
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location! Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights over Christmas. Must admit...we were a bit anxious after all the recent reviews on this hotel. However, when we got there at 9.00am the staff were extremely helpful and we had no problems checking in early. There was a slight musty smell as you step out of the lift. Our room was modern with a great view and was spotless with a plasma TV. The hotel is within easy reach of all the major bars, restaurants and tram routes. The Sports bar across the road is brilliant for breakfast. If you do not enjoy museums, do not take the boat trip located outside the hotel. Its a waste of 2 hours. We were very pleased with the service we got and would definitely stay at this hotel again.P.S. Do not believe a word the concierge tells you as it seems like he is on commission for everything. Get our own facts for the tourist information down the road.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mfreund72
<Content>One of Europes Best, Great Location!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lisha22
<Content>Loved the American I was a bit iffy about this hotel because of all the recent reviews, but I loved it. I was there for a total of 4 nights. I stayed for two, went to London for two nights, then I returned for two more nights. They were very kind and even put us in the same room without our asking. I thought that was great.Anyway, the room was very big and very comfortable. Decor was very nice and not outdated!The bathroom was huge with a big soaking tub!The bed was also very big, and it was not two smaller beds put together. I really liked the location of this hotel. Tons of restaurants and pubs to choose from. If your looking to stay near the Red Light District, this is a bit far. Probably a 20-30 minute walk, but it was fine. We actually enjoyed walking to the City Center. The Van Gogh Museum is about a 5 minute walk from here. We didn't get a chance to eat at the American Cafe, but it's beautiful. We ate at the Pancake Bakery one day after visiting the Anne Frank Museum and it was delicious! Don't order the plain pancake, there are so many better choices. Don't be shocked, there not the typical pancakes we Americans are used to! If you're looking to do the canal tour, don't do the night one! Almost half the people on the boat passed out because it was so boring! It's not as romantic, but there's lots more to see during the day. Plus it's half the price. If you have time, I would suggest taking a day trip to one of the beach cities to have some sea food or going out to see the windmills.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel and great location We have just returned from a weekend break in Amsterdam and found the American Hotel to be a perfect base. Situated in a quite corner of the Leidseplein the hotel has easy access to number of tram routes and also canal boats. The staff at the hotel were very pleasant and the deluxe room we had on the 5th floor looked very recently redecorated with LCD TV, etc. I would happily stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow!!!! There isn't much I can say about this. The cupboard doors fell off the room was slightly grotty but the location and service was fantastic. I loved every minute of staying here. I had a room with the biggest window you have ever seen. I had trouble carrying it out in my bag when we checked out.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sort out the breakfast We stayed two nights in this hotel last weekend. the room was OK, comfortable beds but a bit noisy with building works across the road. There was limited tea and coffee provided in the room, but a biscuit or two would be nice. Had to call room service for bath towels and face flannels. We tried the champagne breakfast the second day as an alternative to the good value pancake house across the road (spliffs optional but not provided!). Considering that this costs Euro 17.50 each, on top of the fairly high room charge, it does not represent value for money. When we came down at 9.30a.m., most of the hot items had gone cold. Not very appetising. We have stayed in Day's Inns in the USA for a third of the price including basic breakfast and better standard rooms. It is time that European hotels stopped ripping customers off.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eventually excellent Location is excellent, one can walk to all the major attractions. Trams 1,2 or 5 take you directly from Central Station to the hotel.I booked through the Summit hotel website and requested a non-smoking room in a quiet location. On check-in, I was told that my room on the second floor met these requirements. As the room was not ready (it was morning time), I was told to come back later. When I did, I was given another room on the first floor. It was a smoking room and very dark and dreary. So I returned to reception and complained. I was then given another room, a supposedly great room with a balcony. It too was smoking and was dark and dreary. So I returned to reception again and eventually got a super room on third floor. It was really super, modern, quiet, clean, lots of nice to have things etc. One small negative - walls were a bit thin which made me more conscious of love making (I got lucky!) than normal particularly as my neighbour seemed to be in her room all day with the do not disturb sign on.The Cafe at the hotel is a very popular venue, very nice indeed. I didn't take breakfast at the hotel as firstly it was too expensive at 17.50 and secondly, I probably wouldn't be up in time for it.So, in summary, a great hotel once you persevere with getting what you asked for.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Slightly Over-Rated Stayed here for 3 nights on a repeat trip to the city. It would be tough to find a better location if you like the buzz of the nightlife. Or art museums. But I was thoroughly disappointed in my room - - it was the size of a small college dorm room. Service was completely average, no one went out of their way. And it was the positive reviews on this site that made me book it in the first place. It's above average (mostly for location), but it's not the Wow I expected after reading this site's reviews. And paying that amount! I felt fleeced.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Rooms Just OK We stayed here for 4 nights in October. Based on the reviews I was expecting something a lot nicer when it came to the rooms. The hotel is basically the equivalent of an older Sheraton/Crowne Plaza that is slightly past its prime. We had an upgraded room but I'm not sure what it was upgraded from. The room was large but worn; it definitely needed some updating. The beds were very soft and for me, this was a problem. There were several good things about the hotel. The staff was extremely helpful, providing dining suggestions and making reservations. The concierge even went so far as to serf the web to provide various train schedules. The biggest plus for the hotel (besides the cool bar), is it's location. It is right near the museums and tram lines that will take you all over the city. Plus, given that Amsterdam is a very walkable city, it is an ideal location to walk to all the various attractions the city has to offer.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great location Excellent location, great views and nice bar slightly let down by rather dated decor in room.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>anushka
<Content>good location - great hotel This is a wonderful hotel. Room was spacious and clean, staff were very helpful and friendly. The Cafe and Bar give the hotel a great atmosphere. The location is very good, plenty of good restaurants, tram stop and canal cruise close by.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful breakfasts! We spent two nights at the hotel and I would recommend it. When we arrived our room was on the first floor, above the restaurant which was being renovated. We asked to be moved, due to noise and received an upgraded room for no extra charge. Staff were all very friendly and when we asked at reception for a missing remote control it was in the room by the time we travelled up in the lift! The breakfasts were amazing, including free champagne and there were daily newsheets for various nationalities. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel Stayed in this hotel the last week of August. Booked the hotel on the net so was a bit wary, however, I could not have been happier. The location of this hotel is excellent, near bars, restaurants, shops and Vondel Park. The hotel itself was fantastic. The rooms were great- comfy beds, ideal bathroom  of course not forgetting the mini-bar! The restaurant and bar food were both great, the bar also had an extensive cocktail list. Breakfast is an occasion not to be missed- everything you could possibly want, nothing like champagne to start the day! Have stayed in Amsterdam five times before but this was my first time in this hotel. One thing for sure is it won't be my last- I can't wait to return! Many thanks to the cheerful  friendly staff.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Pleasant hotel right on a canal       bedroom pic 1  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>txskibum
<Content>Perfect Location, Very Good Hotel The pluming was out and our room was not ready when we first arrived. But that very much overshadowed the clean rooms, good service, and prime location! When ever I return, this is the hotel I will stay at again, and again. Excellent! A+++  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ToddWebb
<Content>Great hotel, better location! Of the 4 hotels we stayed in, this was our favorite. But all hotels were about equal quality and each had it's own unique quirks.Some quirks were more annoying than others, but none ruined our trip or our hotel experience.The best thing about this hotel, above the others, is location. Leidesplein was the greatest location possible!Like every other hotel, the staff were super-friendly and helpful. But the Hotel American definately had a more moderm, more Americanized feel to it.If I return to Amsterdam, this hotel is the top of my list.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NeilSherwood
<Content>Very Impressed... My girlfriend and I have stayed in numerous hotels in Amsterdam, and this was the most modern hotel so far. We stayed in a lovely big room on the fifth floor which looked like it had been recently refurbished to a very high standard. The bathroom was very modern and clean, and the room itself was fitted with attractive and contemporary fittings, especially the bed which was extremely comfy and helped ease the body after a long day of wandering the canals!Considering I am usually very unimpressed with the standard of hotel rooms in Europe, the fact I was taken by this one is very high praise indeed!Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Stay My partner Stuart and I recently visited this wonderful hotel for a four night break in Amsterdam. Being an art lover I loved the art nouveau details present as soon as we walked in. We had a deluxe room which was lovely, very spacious with art nouveau detailing. All mod cons present, great coffee machine, fully stocked mini bar, and a great jet shower which puts ours at home to shame! The canal views were lovely and the location of the hotel was perfect, a stones throw from great bars and restaurants and the towns shops. The first night we ate in the hotel restaurant, it was gorgeous; beautiful food and surroundings again lovingly detailed with soft live music playing in the background. But the best was yet to come......We often went for drinks in the hotels cafe american; a great art deco bar with a reputation for attracting a rock star cliental, indeed the walls are lined with the famous stars the bar has attracted. In fact we saw Paul Weller the very first night! (I dismissed this at first but it was confirmed the next night by one of the bar staff!) A really friendly bar staff made us feel very welcome and even remembered our favourite drinks when we came back. A very relaxed vibe and a great place to eat too; whether you are after a big meal or snacks. All the staff were very welcoming and helpful, and it is definitely somewhere which we will pay another visit.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Middle-aged-man45
<Content>Loved It... We got an excellent rate online which included breakfast (a must!) We could not have been more pleased with the hotel and staff. The rooms and hallways are a bit dated, but they are spotless and have many amenities. Special compliments to both the reception and housekeeping staff which made the difference in our rating the hotel a 5 rather than 4.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>P&SSmith
<Content>The American Hotel, Amsterdam Based on the reviews on Trip Advisor, my husband and I decided to book a room at the American Hotel. When we got there at 12noon on our first day, the staff couldn't do enough to check us in early and even gave us a drink while we waited. Unfortunately, they could not accomodate our request for a non-smoking room as they said none were available. Try to get a room on a higher floor and one facing the canal if you do go here. We were given room no 8 which really stank of cigerette smoke and was quite dated. The bathrooms in this hotel is quite small but functional and clean.Anyway, we really did not like the room we were in so went back to reception to see if we could get another room. We had heard the receptionist telling someone else that a non-smoking junior suite was available but at an extra charge. Upgraded to that and it was lovely. I think you will get a non-smoking/smoking room if you book via the summit hotel site but not if you use a discount website. The rooms and corridors are genrally dated but very clean. I think they will be renovating it shortly.The staff at the hotel are really friendly and efficient. This definitely makes this hotel a really pleasant place to stay at. It is centrally located in Leidesplein and very easy to get to from the airport and city centre. Also, the restaurant is wonderful. Having coffee here is a very wonderful experience. I think anyone going to Amsterdam will have a lovely time as people are so tolerant, helpful and friendly. We'll definitely return to this hotel but perhaps once it has been fully refurbished.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MollyB
<Content>Very happy with the Amsterdam American. My husband, daughter and I stayed here on June 17, 2005. We were very glad we chose this hotel. We arrived early in the morning and our room was not available yet. Our luggage was stored for us and we were shown to the Cafe where we had refreshments while the room was being readied. I had requested a non-smoking room with a balcony and was given just that. It also overlooked a lovely canal. The bed was large and so comfortable the three of us were able to share the bed and have a wonderful night's sleep. The bathroom was a nice size, very clean and had a good shower. The room itself was large and also very clean. I liked the way the room was furnished. Our favorite part of the hotel was the Cafe Americain. Our room rate included breakfast and it was served there. A beautiful place to eat and enjoy a wonderful array of food and drink, including champagne. The coffee was honestly the best I have ever tasted. We enjoyed the atmosphere so much we decided to have dinner there as well. We tried two vegetarian dishes and both were delightful. Service there was very efficient and helpful. When I asked our waiter a question about the architecture of the hotel, he gave me a large packet of information on the hotel and its history. When I asked if there was a postcard available of the hotel, the front desk found a beautiful one done in pen and ink for me. The concierge was always available and at the ready with our luggage and a cab when it was time to check out.The location of the hotel could not be better. Situated in a fun and vibrant area of the city, it was also very quiet at night and within walking distance to everything.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star We stayed for 2 nights celebrating my 50th birthday. We were on the top floor down a poky corridor. On our arrival, we had to pass trolleys of dirty linen  used trays in the corridor, not very 5*. Although our rooms were spotless, you could not swing a cat in the bathroom  you had the feeling of being in an attic room. We were looking forward to our breakfast  needed a table for 4. We were not shown to a table  every time we tried to sit at 1, we were ushered away by rude staff. Eventually we found a table. The service was appalling, we had to keep clearing our own table  asking for things. The few staff were rushed off their feet  no Manager in sight. We were told they were short staffed. Compliments to the young lad doing the omelettes. When we complained to the Reception, we just got a gushing apology. Won't be staying again which is a shame as the location was good  most of the staff very friendly.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ansell
<Content>loved the american We checked into the american, after a terrible experience at the hotel vondel. We expllained to the barman, in the bar americain, how terrible our hotel was, and he showed us through to the reception, and explained in dutch what had happened. THe receptionist then offered us a discounted room rate(160euros per night). Which although expensive was well worth every penny.Our room was fantastic, with a bed the size of a football pitch. The staff were friendly, and welcoming, and the reception and concierge were delightful.The facilities-gym, sauna, were excellent, and there was excellent room service, and batrobes in every room. They had everything you could need(I had forgotten my adapter, and one was sent up in minutes).The restaurant was very elegant, and although a little pricey, it is worth having breakfast at least once, if only for the choice of food. The bar is friendly, and serves an excellent strawberry daquiri, or a long island iced tea.I would not hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel close to many bars and restaurants We stayed from Friday to Saturday at the Amsterdam American Hotel. Thehotel is a stones throw from Leidseplein (which has many bars andrestaurants and also close to the Holland Casino and Hard Rock Cafe). We really enjoyed our stay there. The staff was friendly and helpful.The hotel has a beautiful restaurant-but we did not eat there.Our room was very nice (Americans: it is not the 5 star we are used too,but it was nice just the same). We would stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrypg9
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed at..... I cannot praise this hotel too highly. My partner and I stay here three or four times a year, usually for nine nights. We have had a standard room and a Junior Suite. Both were top quality in terms of cleanliness, comfort and decor.Breakfast and dinner in the stylish and tasteful restaurant are real value-for-money experiences. All staff are knowledgeable, efficient and friendly.Public rooms in this hotel are first-class - comfortable and quiet.We have spent Christmas and New Year here two years running, also celebrated our 25th anniversary in February 2005. We had a great meal in the restaurant, made even more memorable by the excellent Carlos, our waiter, who took the trouble to order a really special, fancy meal for my partner, who is vegetarian.The hotel is extremely well-situated, easy walking distance to city centre, museums and Vondelpark. Trams stop virtually outside.We are looking forward to our next visit in June. Staying at this hotel makes our trip to Amsterdam really special.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superstupot
<Content>Superb hotel! Great location! One of the best hotels ive stayed in. From the moment we arrived the staff were friendly speaking very good english. They let us check in early at 10-30 am which was very useful. The rooms were larger than expected, and very clean and well presented. At no point during our two night stay did we eat in the hotel but we did have a few drinks in the bar, it was amazing to sit in the bar and look at all the celebrities who have visited the hotel. Finally the location is outstanding, it is in one of the main squares about 10 mins walk from central station. Would recommend to everyone!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Deco Delight...have the full breakfast! Just come back from three nights at the Americain (well, that's how they spell it outside the restaurant!) as a Valentine break. What a perfect hotel.The location is a little away from the central drag but that is only a plus. Positioned to one side of the Leidseplein (busy tram junction, restaurants and cinemas) this is a lovely, quiet retreat. We had a room on the 2nd floor overlooking the canal. The rooms aren't huge (but then you don't check into a hotel to spend all day in the room!) but they aren't cramped. Very clean, the bathrooms are also compact, neat and clean (once again unless you're planning on soaking for three days...) But let's cut to the chase...what sets this hotel apart are the bar and the cafe (seems to small a word for the size of the room!) The Bar is discreet and charming, the cocktails award-winning (ask for the margarita - it isn't on the menu list but it was no hassle for our barman!) but the crowning glory is the Cafe Americain. A huge vaulted-ceiling greets you as you step throught the doors...stain-glass and original art deco lamps...and a giant breakfast counter. From Chilled Champagne to fresh fish, Full english breakfast to European breads...it's all here! There is simply no finer way to start the day... Having checked out a few of the other recommended hotels, there's no question THIS is where we'll be coming back to in June for an exhibition at the Van Gogh Museum...oh, did I not mention how close the hotel is to all the Major mnuseums?.....  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful... We stayed here the weekend before xmas for 3 nights, arrived at about 9.00am, as we booked an early cheap flight with easyjet, weren't meant to be checking in until 2.00pm, but reception made us very welcome, showed us a room to chill out in until our room was ready, dropped the luggage off  then had a walk around Amsterdam. Wow, what a beautiful city! - Anyway when I returned back to the hotel, I was shown to my room, firstly, it smelt of smoke, secondly, view was awful. I asked reception if there was anything he could do. It was my girlfriends 30th b'day (hence the w/end trip)  I made sure reception knew this! He then gave me one of the nicest rooms in the hotel for no extra charge, with a beautiful view overlooking the canal! Staff extremely helpful, didn't eat at the restaurant as looked expensive  I like to eat out in town, though coffee was nice there in the morning  also the cocktail bar was a nice place to start your evening out. Basically this hotel is very art deco,  some of the rooms are a bit groggy, but there are obviously some beautiful rooms too. I would recommend anyone to stay here, but as I always do - make sure you ask to change rooms! You never know whats available so long as your polite. I'm amazed how many people on this website write a review slagging a hotel room off who never actually asked to move rooms - if you dont ask you dont get - hotel receptions assume everyone is happy unless they are told otherwise!!! I hope you find this review helpful!!! Dennis.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Misery Misery is the only word to describe this hotel. When my wife and I arrived we knew we were in for problems as the outside carpeting was shabby and littered. The room was narrow and the bathroom lacked all the amenities you would expect in a hotel that charges what they do. The towels were worn. When we complained we were given another room that was equally appalling. The pillows, if they could be called pillows were flat, flatter than a pancake. Since it was hot and humid we lowered the thermostat. This did absolutely nothing. We feel that the temperature is probably controlled by the hotel. After a night of sweating on rough and worn out sheets we were more than glad to pay the hotel the 100 euro penalty that we had unforntunately agreed to when taking the room. The penalty was for early check out as we had planned to stay three nights.I wonder how many other people have taken the loss for early checkout. AVOID THIS HOTEL. THIS HOTEL DOES NOT EVEN RATE ONE STAR  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChilliPerthScotland
<Content>Not too sure. Having sampled the delights of a variety of hotels, I decided to treat myself and girlfriend to a week here. I have always had a soft spot for the Liedseplien. Not a bad hotel, clean, efficient. I must say that I found it lacking in any real character, I guess that this once was a grand Hotel and the evidence of this is around, personally I found the lack of genuine warmth to detract from the potential of this place.I have to say that The Hotel Maas, round the corner on Liedsekade offers far better accomodation at more reasonable prices. Opt for the better rooms for half the price!P.S I am trying the Ramada Rooms and Suites mid Jan so will be reporting on this then ;-)  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Living on past reputation Stayed in this hotel over New Year. Although the rooms and decor are appropriate for a 5 Star Hotel, the service is very poor generally. They also turn the air conditioning in the rooms off in the winter, if the room gets warm as it did during our stay-tough luck-open the window! Service in the restuarant and bar was very patchy, so we took our business elsewhere. As a frequent visitor to Amsterdam, this is one of the most disappointing hotels I have stayed in. Would not returnUK resident  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can beat place this for the money!! As a somewhat frequent visitor to Amsterdam, I have finally found a hotel that is relatively inexpensive and terrific. The hotel is centrally located in Amsterdam and is very clean and renovated within the past few years. The room we stayed in was large, clean and very comfortable. It is a close to a luxury hotel as you can get without the off-the-charts prices of some of them that we have stayed at. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Amsterdam. There is no complementary breakfast but you wont be hungry with all the pastry shops and restaurants nearby. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good hotel Just spent 4 nights in the Crowne Plaza American and would recommend it. The best thing about this hotel is the location, just off the Leidseplein and 10 minutes walk from the Museumplein! Reading the other reviews here is seems the room types vary greatly; our standard room was spacious by Amsterdam standards (I've stayed in a number of hotels in the city), it was well equiped and overlooked the canal.Breakfast is excellent, it's cheaper to book BB rather than pay the 鈧?7.50 each day. Staff in general were pleasant and helpful, we didn't have any specific requests but I imagine they would have been dealt with promptly.The bar is okay, there's much nicer bars to sit and watch the world go by but it's fine for a drink before heading out. One word of warning, the bar has a resident mouse! He appears each evening once the bar is quiet, staff are aware of his existence but make no move to remove him. It didn't bother me but it might bother some people.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gordie 123
<Content>Loved the place! We have just returned after a wonderful 4 day break in Amsterdam and can only rave about The Americain.Staff were helpful and friendly, particulary in the bar, where you can while the time away people watching. We asked for highroom with canal view which is what we got. Room spotless, well equiped and quiet.Location is great, handy for trams, museums, good bars and eating places all on the doorstep but just far away from the real biz at Centraal Station area.Have no hesitation in recommending.We booked via their own website and got a good deal.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel overall I booked the CP American for a surprise birthday trip for my boyfriend.I booked a standard double from the hotels own website.The room was slightly on the small side, but was high up and had a private balcony overlooking the canal. The room was clean and had some nice extras, such as bathrobes, free bottled water and biscuits. The decor was a bit outdated, but ok.The location of the hotel was great, being walking distance to restaurants, bars, Van Gogh museum etc., and we weren't disturbed by any noise.We had the jazz lunch at the Cafe Americain which was great (I think it is just on Sundays). For 22 Euros you get a glass of champagne, as much as you want from the buffet and coffee after, accompanied by a live jazz band. Lovely decor in the restaurant and it has a romantic atmosphere.Hotel staff seemed friendly enough, but did not really need to trouble them for anything.Overall, room seemed expensive for the size, but believe this is typical of Amsterdam. Would be happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location but room could have been better. I stayed at the American for 3 nights over August bank holiday this year. We booked direct with the hotel as they had the best rate and we chose a superior room. Check-in was fine and we got a drink voucher and some chocolates for being Priority club members! The room, however, was disappointing. We requested a canal view because we had read in other reviews that the square can be noisy. We didn't get either. What we got was a room with only two small windows which both opened onto a small gap between our bit of the hotel and the other bit. So we could look directly into other people's rooms and they could see us! Because the windows were quite small and the buidling next door being so close we didn't get much natural light so the room felt a bit dingy. For a superior room I thought it was a bit small and odd-shaped (we were right at the end of the corridor). The furnishings were nice and the bed was comfy, and everything was nice and clean though. The bathroom didn't have a window which I hoped it would as it was on an exterior wall. It was ok sized but definitely not superior. To be fair, we didn't complain and didn't asked to be moved as I knew we wouldn't be spending much time in the room so maybe we could have moved rooms. All this aside, the hotel is nice and very well-located. You can walk to all the attractions (some are 20 mins or so away but the walk is very pleasant as there's so much to see). The trams stop outside too so its very easy to get around. The breakfast was graet! I think it was about 拢8 but its a massive buffet and there's even Champagne included! I would reccommend the hotel and I would stay there again but I would ask to be moved if I got that sort of room again as it wasn't worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>indigor
<Content>Great architecture, great location, Generally very good,got off the museum boat from the central station and into hotel. Only downside was that we'd asked for a non smoking room and got a rather small room that stunk of tobacco. Otherwise the room was fine wonderful stained glass. The Cafe American is spectacular! Amazing art nuveau /secessionist with stained glass birds, mediaval knights, parasol light fittings. We ate there the first night and for 30 Euros had a very good 3 course meal with a canal trip included. I thought it was excellent value. Afternoon tea good too. Staff very pleasant.You could walk to the museums or up into all the central shops and to the 9 streets shopping, the bloomenmarkt, buy flowers there not at the airport. 50 tulips for 5 euros even in November.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay and great location Stayed 4 nights at the Crown Plaza American and loved. Location is the best in AMS. Staff was courteous/delightful and room was surpsingly large for a European hotel. I was upgraded to a room with my own private balcony overlooking the city. Everything in AMS is a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Breakfast buffet was steep at 18euro but had tons of options. Visited the Swisshotel while there and more pleased with Crown Plaza.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AngelosLondon
<Content>More attention neeeded Having stayed at the Crowne Plaza city centre, I thought I'd try the American. As an Ambassador card holder, I was upgraded to a room with two queen beds in it and I had a few freebies, like fruit, water and those famous Dutch biscuits! The problem were that the furniture and bedding seemed a bit too worn out and I won't even describe how stained the bed cover was!In future I will probably stay elsewhere..  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Once Is Enough Good points - Location, architecture (internal and external), service, breakfast room, staff.Bad points - entrance not easily accessible (narrow street), billing included breakfast charge (but front desk very accommodating re reversal) Fatal flaw - house beer is Grolsch!There are better choices in this price range.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mozzyd
<Content>Amsterdam Awsome City, Hotel not quite My wife and i stayed over the august bank holiday weekend for 4 nights. The city is great, definately buy the amsterdam pass, great value. The hotel on the other hand did not quite measure up to expectations. We had a double superior room facing the theatre. I had read previous reviews which did say it could be noisy but did not find it disturbing. The room was small but very clean (unfortunately the hotel was full so no room change). There was no double duvet (2 singles) one pillow each (had to request 2 more). The lifts are slow but remember it is a listed building. We did enjoy the breakfast, slightly expensive but great surroundings and no need to eat until dinner! The food is excellent both breakfast and dinner! The customer service side was better on the day shift whereas the night shift were slightly off. I think some of the mainly American and Japanese guests did not get the relaxed atmosphere and approach of the restaurant staff to service. Don't eat there if you want a quick bite. The restaurant staff were always attentive and couldn't do enough for you, a definate asset. Try the bar cocktails were average prices (you never know some rich American may buy you a drink! yes someone bought a round for the whole bar, most generous of him!). To sum up Amsterdam is a great city but i think better value can be obtained elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Customer Service Blows! We loved celebrating Queen's Day in Amsterdam this year. The locals are beautiful! The Crowne Plaza American Hotel is in a terrific location- central to all shuttles but the hotel staff was not helpful. We had huge problems checking in. Due to travel delays we were charded full price for two hotel rooms (440 euros!) even though they rented both rooms out. Our rooms weren't available even though we were charged full price. We were never able to talk to a manager even though we stayed 4 nights. Six hours later we were shown 3 small, dark rooms before given a suitable room. We we not given our free drink coupons as members of the Priority Club. No concierge was ever available and the staff couldn't assist when you really needed help with reservations. Local calls were $5. We took a side trip to Brussells and returned to Amsterdam but chose a smaller local hotel over Rookies Coffee Shop ( 1 block away). They included breakfast for half the price and loved the personal service. Lesson learned: take the stairs and save tons of cash!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RainsLondon
<Content>Very nice for a weekend break Having taken advice from a good friend I checked tripadvisor for the hotel I booked, having read the reviews I promptly cancelled my booking and re-booked using tripadvisor has my guide. (THANK YOU).I took my partner to Amsterdam for his 40th Birthday, the Crowne Plaza was in a excellent location, the room was very clean and modern as per the hotel website, staff were very helpful especially when I requested a room change to one with a cancel view, however the view was lovely and the room very spacious but the furniture wasn't modern so we changed back to our original room which was very quiet but lovely with no fuss from the lovely girl on reception. The breakfast was lovely with lots to eat which amazed me since in Europe you just get a continental breakfast.My partner really enjoyed his stay I can't comment on the dinner but on reading the menu the price did seem expensive.I would recommend this hotel but would state that you read everything in your rooms before removing items from the mini bar since this is charged directly to your account.(I made this mistake, but it was quickly rectified at reception with no fuss.)  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maryobfl
<Content>Great Location       The view from our room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location The best location in town. All attractions were within walking distance. The rooms were spacious and clean. A good choice!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good for a European Hotel; Some Problems My wife and I stayed in this hotel two nights in August 2004. We enjoyed our stay. Location is excellent. The room was very good, and had a balcony facing the canal. The breakfast buffet was superb. I would recommend this hotel to friends. Having said that, some minor problems that are worth mentioning: (1) We arrived on Wednesday at 14:30, and our room was not ready yet for check-in. (2) The next day, we went out of the hotel at 08:30, and came back at 14:30 to rest -- and this six-hour period was not sufficient for the hotel to clean our room. (3) Elevators are slow, and we got stuck inside them twice within two days (only for a short period -- but a scary feeling).  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We stayed here for our Anniversary last year and it's a nice modern hotel. We were upgraded to a corner suite with a golf putter (!) and the room was very nice too. The breakfast choice is also very good and worth the visit - it's own bar is also very nice.It's very conveniently located near bars, restaurants, museums, parks, etc. There is a bus service that takes you to/from Schipol airport (Just over the road) which is excellent value.[We also had a goldfish in the room when we got there, but it died 2 hours after we got there - Definitely not sleeping then!)Recommended if you can get there.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great experience Very courteous staff, room was well-appointed, lobby well-decorated. The adjoining bar was good, and the breakfast buffet was exceptional. The location of the hotel is perfect--museums, coffee shops, casino, clubs and restaurants, and shopping are all nearby. Well-recommended.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mitchmurr
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel. The staff is fantastic and the rooms are perfect. Any complaints about breakfast are silly as the location of the hotel is the best in the city. You're right on the Leidseplain with cafe's everywhere. If you don't want to spend 15 Euro on a very fancy breakfast take a three minute walk. And as I've just said the location is fantastic. Right next to the very fun Leidseplain and just down the street from the major museums. Also silly are complaints about street noise. Yes it's a bit noisy until about 11PM but if you want absolute quiet you don't want to stay near the Leidseplain.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crowne is Perfect I got an excellent price and the room was absolutely perfect. We were 5 girls and we easily squeezed into a regular room with two beds. The location was outstanding. We never needed public transportation the whole time we were there. Hotel is just far enough away from the red light district, its only about a 5 minute walk. The best part of all is that we didn't have to stay in a hostel and get our belongings stolen, instead we stayed in a beautiful hotel with an indoor pool and an ideal location.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YWait
<Content>Chicken or the Egg It's hard to say if we liked The American because of Amsterdam or liked Amsterdam because of the American. We were upgraded to a lovely large room in the historic building. It was nicely furnished although the fabrics and carpets were a little worn. The staff was very welcoming and gave us excellent restaurant suggestions. This is the place to stay if you want to be central to everything. One of our favorite things to do in the morning was to watch local people commuting to work while we had coffee in the dining room. Bicycles, trolleys, cars, taxis, boats all going in hundreds of directions. We instantly felt a part of this wonderful city and stayed several days.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deb0402
<Content>great hotel--on noisy square! The American is a very lovely hotel with a wonderful concierge! Our room was very large and had all the amenities! The only down side was that it faced the square and was very nosiy at night. We asked to be changed but there were no rooms available. I would request a room facing the canal, especially if staying over on a weekend night. Also, try to get a rate that includes breakfast, since the breakfast is expensive in the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pjfan01
<Content>Nice hotel with great location Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 3 nights from March 24-27....The hotel is in a great location for exploring Amsterdam and steps away from bars/restaurants/shopping and grocery...The room was above average in size for Europe and the amenities were above average also...the bed was quite large and comfortable and the bathroom was large...there were even ice makers on every other floor!!!....The restaurant was crowded and overpriced so we skipped it, but the bar was very entertaining and very busy at night....Overall, I would stay here again at a reduced rate but not sure if it would be worth the cost at regular rates  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BobtheQuiz
<Content>A classy hotel I took my wife to the American for a long weekend. I booked a 'superior' room, rather than a junior suite and was not disappointed. The room was huge, well furnished and with views over the Liedsplein.Didn't bother with breakfast, don't tend to in hotels, but enjoyed the American Bar in the evenings...All in all a classic hotel, well furnished, well positioned and divine Art Nouveau architecture. Not cheap, but this should be up there in the top ten around the world... it's in my top ten and I'd stay there agian without hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelwblondie
<Content>Love the Crowne!! Husband and I just returned from 5/wonderful days at this gem of a hotel...wow wow wow!!! This hotel is in the best location. Every single restaurant, pub, water taxi, tram stop are right outside the door. So you don't have to walk far at all - everything is at your feet. The prices are a bit high and the dollar is down right now. We are from California but if you can afford it - then this hotel is a true beauty. We paid $140.00 Euro a night. We had a gorgeous huge room with french doors that opened up to a gorgeous huge balcony overlooking the whole city. it was sheer luxury. The room had a beautiful minibar, robes for us, nice big bathroom with SHOWER  tub. The staff will do anything for you. Wonderful restaurant onsite and a great fun bar at night with wonderful fun people to meet. We loved this hotel. You will not be disappointed. If you want to be right in the heart of the city - this is the hotel for you! Thank you Crowne Plaza!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uklauren
<Content>mixed feelings a great position with lots of activities and restaurants right outside the hotel and trams in all directions but the hotel itself is nothing special for the price. We booked a junior suite and when shown to our room demanded a change of room. The first one they showed us was tiny. The second one was larger but by no means a suite and the bathroom was minute. We found the reception staff quite rude and officious. The American Bar is very good with great bartenders who make perfect drinks. The American Cafe where they serve breakfast for 15 euros was understaffed. The breakfast was very average for that price with rubbery eggs and the same food each day which is unimaginitive. Beware though, Amsterdam wakes up around midday and there is nowhere else around to get coffee or breakfast. We would not stay there again, it was too expensive and not good value. Verdict - SHOULD DO BETTER  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic location stayed here in dec 2003.best location in amsterdam.right next to leidspein but not noisey a lot classier than dam square. pbe prepared to spend a lot int he bars tho. nice rooms quite large. not dutch at all but i wanted to know it was going to be a nice room as amsterdam can be a bit dodgy.definatly please witht he stay. hope to return soon.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay   showReview(1622795, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smelly, dark, dank rooms, and truly inhospitable staff   showReview(1617547, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location good; a bit overrated   showReview(1496644, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HolidayInnCustomer
<Content>great features   showReview(1494208, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location - good service - premium dollar   showReview(1437038, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DavB
<Content>Frequently visited   showReview(1331298, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT LOCATION   showReview(1256922, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!   showReview(1109014, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice on the outside, distinctly average on the inside   showReview(824263, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow, what a city!   showReview(719921, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rapporto qualit脿 prezzo ottimo...   showReview(20628917, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unico difetto, non imputabile...   showReview(20890777, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un tr猫s bel h么tel, central et confortable   showReview(20554074, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>francyroma_8
<Content>amsterdam hotel   showReview(19367980, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL FANTASTICO MA SCARSA IGENE E PULIZIA.   showReview(19636612, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello e in ottima posizione   showReview(19636610, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>evi2912
<Content>Entt盲uschend !   showReview(19109225, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel de Charmes Pour un s茅jour romantique   showReview(17439980, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon h么tel   showReview(16601841, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war toll   showReview(16601840, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posizione perfetta per girare a piedi la citt脿   showReview(13975360, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Im Herzen von Amsterdam   showReview(13192723, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>CENTRALE E BELLISSIMO   showReview(13192724, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grand luxe   showReview(13192722, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>peccato per la pulizia   showReview(11305663, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TheCat69
<Content>Buonissimo   showReview(8262368, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodo e centrale   showReview(11491046, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11396398, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les chambres sont spaaaaacieuses !   showReview(11393394, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto come base per visitare la citt脿   showReview(11385287, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons lors de notre prochain s茅jour   showReview(11385285, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mittendrin und guter Service   showReview(11377384, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11350150, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€у悓澹簩浜恒仹锛撴硦銇?..   showReview(19917747, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

