<Author>candi2008
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and highly recommend it.The room was small but by no means the smallest we stayed in in Europe ! It was nicely decorated and had a good bathroom with shower. We had a room on the 3rd floor overlooking Rue Monge and were prepared for it to be a bit noisy, but the double glazing cut the noise dramatically, so noise was never a problem. The staff were very friendly and helpful and there was a bonus of a laptop with free internet access in the lobby. This hotel is in a great location for walking - in the midst of the Left Bank and just 5 minutes walk down Rue Monge to the Seine. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the neighbourhood. The hotel serves breakfast but there are so many other (and cheaper) options close by, we didn't bother.We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>EuroCDN
<Content>Good little hotel, great location! We recently stayed at the Acte V in October 2008 for 2 nights. I was travelling with my wife and sister and this was our 3rd visit to Paris, so compared to some of the other hotels we have stayed at in Paris it was quite good. Unfortuanely, when we arrived we were told that they had somehow overbooked the hotel for that one night (a Monday) and that the 3 of us would need to share a room. It was a tight fit but they did provide a room with an extra bed. Fortunately, after a bit of negotiating we were able to get the room for free that night which made the issue much less of a problem for us. My sister was given a separate room for the second night across the hall from ours. The staff (I think it was one of the owners) were quite nice about it and apologized profusely. The also threw in free breakfasts while we were there. Breakfast is served basically in the front lobby but it was quite good. The rooms are fairly basic and pretty standard for resonably priced hotels in Paris but they were certainly acceptable and they were clean. The bathroom had all the amenities expected in better hotels and the shower was good. Like most hotels in Paris, the lift was the size of a coffin, so if you're clastophobic then take the stairs.The location in St. Germain is perfrect for walking to several locations such as the Louvre and the Musee de Orse. If you take the Metro from Garde du Nord, the hotel is literally steps away from the Place Monge Metro station. However, one point to consider, if you're going back into the Metro while you're there, the station exit/entrance right next to the hotel doesn't have any ticket selling facilities. You need to go to the other end of the Place Monge station which is across the street and two (short) blocks down. Not a big problem but just something to remember.There are several restaurants around that offer reasonable prices, but watch out for some of the ones that offer menus for a fixed price as we unfortuantely ate at one that wasn't very good. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone that doesn't want to spend too much on a hotel in Paris and to anyone that wants a good location for walking to many of the sights near the Seine. Will definately consider this hotel again on our next vist to Paris.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>LizardBang
<Content>Excellent little hotel My husband and I stayed at the Acte V hotel for 3 nights and we were very happy with our accommodations. Our room was clean, comfortable, and quiet (we were facing away from Rue Monge). Paul and Ana Claudia at the front desk were very helpful and friendly. The location is great - close to Notre Dame, the Metro stations and to Rue Mouffetard which has lots of restaurants and cafes. I definitely would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DodieSoCal
<Content>Great hotel for the price and location We enjoyed a wonderful 5-night stay at the hotel in mid-October. For the price, you could not ask for a better hotel for the location. We were within walking distance of Notre Dame, Pantheon and yummy Eric Kayser as well as Sunday's street market at Place Monge. We were also one step away from several metro stops that whisked us all over the city. The hotel staff was very pleasant and accommodating. Manon, for our first night, recommended a great little Corsican restaurant called Le Cosi near the Sorbonne, which was a great start to our Parisian culinary adventures. The room itself was on the small side but was to be expected in Paris. We had a room on the 3rd floor facing the street. I would have preferred a room facing the Arenes de Lutece, but one was not available the day we checked in. The double paned windows did help reduce the street noise significantly, however I still had to wear earplugs in order to fall asleep. I travel often and am used to this, but if you are not I recommend specifying a room facing the park if possible. We had breakfast at the hotel once during our stay. 11 euro is really not that bad of a price considering it is a buffet and you would pay at least that much in a cafe. Like another poster, we enjoyed viennoiseries at Eric Kayser down the street. The pain au chocolat will melt in your mouth!It was a great few days in Paris, and we would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Volanges
<Content>Clean, friendly, and convenient We stayed at the Acte V for four nights in mid September. Our room was on the third floor and faced rue Monge. The street is somewhat noisy, I suspect it is a popular thoroughfare because it is a two-way street, but the double-paned windows help muffle out the noise. Moreover, I needed to turn on the a/c to drown out the noise and help me sleep better. Next time I would definitely consider staying at a room on the back of the hotel, which faces the Arenes de Lutece.Everything was impeccably clean. The shower was incredibly narrow, which could be an issue for larger people, but it was fine with us.The reception personnel was friendly and nice.We skipped the hotel's breakfast and instead headed down the street to Eric Kayser for delicious bread and pastries. There is also a well-stocked Champion supermarket one block away, which stays open until 10 p.m. The location is perfect for exploring the Latin Quarter. The hotel is right by a metro station that takes you directly to Les Halles, the Louvre, the Palais Royal, etc.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>shell_81_au
<Content>Absolutely charming After hearing many a horror story regarding evil parisian accommodation I was a little apprehensive about the hotel I had chosen, given that I was not able to spend a considerable amount on my stay. I need not have worried, the Hotel Acte V is quiet, clean and charming. It is not situated in the hustle and bustle of Central Paris, but in the beautiful area surrounding Notre Dame. There are a two MRT stations within walking distance, ample restaruants, the area is clean and you feel safe walking around at night. The rooms are smallish, but by no means small by Paris or London standards, clean and comfortable. The staff are lovely and helpful (even to those whose French extends only to Merci!). For the price, I would sday you h=would have a very difficult time finding a more charming place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>salford01
<Content>Great position and clean rooms Stayed at Acte V in September at the end of a wonderful holiday in France. The hotel was in a great position, within walking distance of Notre Dame, the Louvre, the Pantheon. There is a little market nearby and the gorgeous Rue Moufftarde offers a great array of dining options. The room was impeccably clean and adequately kitted out. Our room had a lovely view of the old Roman amphitheatre which is at the back of the hotel. We could watch the locals practising their soccer, or playing petanque most evenings. Breakfast was served in the dining room and was a simple buffet. We really didn't have any great complaints, other than the lift, which was extremely noisy and our bed was a tad saggy on one side. The positives outweighted the negatives though!!A great place in a great location. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>brooklynite011
<Content>Location, location, location!       Hotel Acte V  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>St_LouisMoFFGirl
<Content>Great, Comfortable Boutique Hotel My friend and I stayed for just one night at ACT V and loved it. We were able to easily walk to great attractions and streets in Paris. The neighborhood itself if cute. The room was small but very comfortable. We did not have the breakfast. I would highly recommend this hotel. It was great value for the money.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clucket
<Content>Changed since Julie left! Having stayed at this extremely convenient hotel in the Rue de Monge during the tenure of Julie I was interested to see what difference the owners had made.Rooms appear to be unaltered but reception and breakfast area now a bordelo crimson red.Believe it is now family run but there was a distinct lack of visible staff apart from the occasional head of someone sitting behind the reception desk. At no time did any member of staff address us or ask if everything was OK. Breakfast overpriced at 11 Euros and totally self service with not a member of staff on hand.Would I stay again - probably, if only for its location to central Paris, restaurants and the Metro.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>shm_ottawa
<Content>Great area for exploring... Clean room with great nearby amenities. Staff was friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>kazlor
<Content>Excellent value for money I decided to stay here after reading the Trip Advisor reviews and we were not dissapointed. The hotel was in an ideal location, near 2 metro stations. It was approx. 15 minutes walk to Notre Dame and the Seine. The area is ideal as a base for a Paris holiday . On a Wednesday or Sunday check out the Rue Mouffetard market which you can find by crossing the street and heading up the steps and . ontinue walking , about 5 minutes max.The room was spotless as was the bathroom. the shower was small but powerful, The beds were comfortable and the sheets and towels were changed daily and the service was friendly. We found the buffet breakfast at 11鈧?to be very good value. Everything was available and you could have as much as you wanted, there was - cereal, yoghurt, fresh fruit , meats, cheese, brioche, croissants, pain au chocolate, juices, teas, coffees.I would suggest that you opt for a room at the rear of the hotel overlooking the park as my only (v.small) issue was that Rue Monge where the hotel is situated is very busy and noisy and therefore you do have to sleep with the windows closed to block out the noise of the very very busy street. There is air conditioning in the room that you can control.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AJ&ERtravel
<Content>Spot on This is our favourite part of Paris but our first visit to this hotel. The reviews are spot on, it's a lovely, clean hotel very convenient for the metro and the famed latin quarter. The weather was lousy but c'est la vie. Our room on the fifth floor was a good size with a queen size bed. We were much amused by the shower which was hand held and attached on a very short line to the bath tub thus requiring one to climb into the bath and kneel down to use it. If you don't see the funny side of this, make sure you book a room with a stand up shower. We thought the breakfast was excellent but dismayed the staff by pressing both the expresso and cafe au lait buttons on the coffee machine, they thought we were mad. Do walk up the hill to the Place Contrescarpe for a drink and some wonderful people watching. Thank you, Hotel Acte V, a lovely stay.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CatherineMT
<Content>Enjoyed the experience My husband and I spent 5 nights here in April and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Lovely hotel, staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a garden view room and it was very pleasant and very clean. Room service was good and we had tea delivered to our room each evening. Breakfast was nice and good value at 11 euros each. The only problem was that the shower over the bath was a bit hard to use and tended to flood the bathroom. I would perhaps recommend going for a room with just a shower. The location was excellent as it is near to two Metro stations, Notre Dame and the markets. Lots of coffee shops and restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>marvelmartin
<Content>Acte V OK We enjoyed a two night break to visit the tennis at Roland Garos. This hotel is handily situated close to Cardinal Lemoine metro which is on direct line to RG. Rue Monge is quiet and less touristy than some areas and is close to Rue Mouteffard (up steps opp. hotel and follow your nose, loads of restaurants and cafes.) The very nice Jardin des Plantes is close by too.Our room was Paris smalland bit dreary but with a nicely refitted shower room and excellent double glazing to cut out the excessive traffic noise from the street (successfully). Unfortunately the AC in room 24 only seemed to stir the air around. Staff were efficient friendly and pleasant.Overall Ok but not a lot to shout about.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>wearepsu91
<Content>Perfect spot Just got back from Paris and can't wait to go back. The hotel is only a 10-15 minute walk from St. Germain Blvd and from Notre Dame. There is a metro spot a short walk in either direction, depending on what line you want to take. The room was clean and updated. We were on the 5th floor facing the street. There was zero noise when the windows were closed, but it was nice to open them and get a breeze and listen to the world go by below us. The staff spoke English well and had whatever we needed (plug converter, ice bucket, knife for cutting cheese). There are a couple of markets nearby at Place Monge and Rue Monteffarte (sp?) that are convenient to pick up food at. There are bakeries all over Paris to get wonderful bread and treats. We ate at the nearby Le Petit Cardinal. It was good and fairly priced. We will definitely return to Hotel Acte V.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>purrface
<Content>Hidden gem, loved it We recently stayed at the Acte V for a quick budget-conscious honeymoon in Paris. The hotel was exactly what we'd hoped for - clean, friendly, and very accessible to the Metro, plus within pretty easy walking distance to Notre Dame and Saint Germain.I was five months pregnant when we went so we took the Metro more than many people might, I just didn't want to do the extra walking - so the fact that the Place Monge station was 1/2 block away was a huge plus. There is not a whole lot of sightseeing right around the hotel but within 10-15 blocks are nearly all of the highlights of the Left Bank (left bank as well as the Seine.The rooms were small, and we only had a tiny shower (thank goodness I wasn't more pregnant!), but they were nicely appointed, with a flat-screen TV and good beds. And we weren't in Paris to stay in the room! Staff was most helpful with sightseeing and transportation suggestions. Wireless internet was great and cheap (I think we paid 2 EUR for the whole 5 days, but they might have mischarged us). We would certainly stay there again and have already recommended it to family for an upcoming trip.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>erubMelbourne
<Content>Down to Earth Paris We stayed at this recently renovated hotel for 6 nights in early April. Spotlessly clean and everything we wanted - comfortable bed, great location (on top of the Metro station for Place Monge and walking distance to Notre Dame, the Paris Mosque, the Pantheon, and so much more). Our room was on the 4th floor facing the street - double glazing meant cozy warm and also quiet. We paid 125euro (plus taxes) for a room for two people with a bath (although we had only booked a room with a shower). We arrived early from a very long flight and they were very accommodating and let us have our room straight away. I don't know if there is WIFI, but there is a laptop at reception with internet and access to a printer - no charge for printing. Some days we walked, some days we took the metro, we went all over Paris and always found when we'd had enough it was easy to get back home. The room was serviced and all the towels replaced every day. There is a short but reasonably priced room service menu. Breakfast is buffet for 11euro (no need to book, just rock up if you want to) and including cold meats, yoghurt, croissants, etc -- a good deal. Coffee was from a machine, however, and was not so great. Don't miss the market at Place Monge -- it operates Wednesday and Sunday but is better on Sudany. Not so touristy as most and full of actual Parisians doing their shopping. Awesome fruit, cheese, meats, fish, breads and a few stalls also with clothing/crafts. We usually had breakfast at Cafe LeBarnum, which is a short work towards the river up rue Monge and looks scenically at a park, a church and a flower shop and traditional french breakfast (croissant, baguette with butter, juice, and your choice of coffee) for 8 euro. Beware of the tourist traps in nearby rue Mouffetard -- any restaurant which will seat you before 7.30pm is probably chock full of English speaking tourists and the food will be crap!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KBNYC
<Content>Great location, great service Hotel Acte V (Residence Monge) on Rue Monge in Latin quarter is a wonderful option for budget accomodations. They delivered exactly what was promised. Exceptionally clean (including daily change of towels and linens) little hotel. We stayed in a room with a double bed (quite comfortable mattress) and a shower. Very courteous service with many employees proficient in English. The location is amazing, close to Rue Mouffetard, Notre-Dame, Pantheon; one to two blocks walking distance to 7 and 10 metro lines; two blocks from the wonderful Place Monge market (three times a week). There are many brasseries and cafes nearby offering breakfasts as well as several boulangeries. Depending on how one looks at it, the small shower and tiny elevator may seem as downsides. However, we found it to be a very European part of experience. We would highly recommend this hotel for young married couples, single people, open-minded middle aged adults. This may be a bit too small and uncomfortable for children and older people.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Family_McLeod
<Content>nice hotel, great area Would highly recommend this hotel. Stayed for 4 nights with my 8 year old daughter. Perfect location, rooms very clean and fresh, The bath linen was changed every day. The bathroom however is very small so if you are bigger or taller than the average person you may have a problem. This was room 35 but maybe there are other rooms with bigger showers. Well worth asking though as it's really a lovely hotel,especially the lounge and reception. The staff were very helpful and speak good English. Lots of cafes for breakfast in the morning, our favourite was ' le petit ecolier' across the road to the right, which does a lovely omellete with croissants,juice, coffee and bread for less than 8 euros ! Rue mouffetard is beautiful and full of lovely boutiques, crepe shops and very reasonable set price menus of which the food was delicious. Try the little Chinese vendor , 12 euros for a meal for two. Also the cafe bar which sells fantastic crepes and home made hot chocolate. Stay at this hotel, we really had a FAB time !!!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>fillem
<Content>Quaint and Wonderful       The Entry to the Hotel  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>family5Toronto
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is easily accessed from the metro. The rooms were clean, comfortable and updated. The staff was friendly and helpful. Be sure to check out the area across the street and up the steps from the hotel. Rue Moufettard. A lovely cafe and restaurant area with no cars. We had fantastic crepes at a tiny litle cafe.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ehulse
<Content>Met our needs and a little more This hotel was more like a bed and breakfast. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was small, but nice, very clean. The shower was great and bathroom was clean as well. We overlooked Rue Monge and the street was a bit noisy at night with the window open. Hotel is in a great location, close to train stops and many bakeries. Overall, it met our needs and i would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jaratpan
<Content>Nice hotel - will come here again       Bed  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>aliontheisland
<Content>Excellent stay at the Hotel Monge I can only add to the great reviews which have preceded this one .. hotel was a wonderful base for our 5 night stay. We had a room on the 1st Floor overlooking the road, there was no disturbance from traffic at all. The room was spotless and the shower hot and powerful. We didn't need anything more. The staff are also excellent. The room was cleaned daily and the reception staff were always on hand 24 hours a day (we arrived late and had to leave very early).I would definately recommend the Hotel Monge to anyone visiting Paris  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveler4848
<Content>Loved the Monge! The Hotel Monge lived up to all the great reviews! The staff are helpful and friendly, and very willing to help. They allowed me to leave my luggage the morning I checked out since my departure was not until that evening. The hotel has a tiny elevator which is just the right size for one person and your luggage. My room was lovely and clean. I found the bathroom to be clean and perfectly adequate. The bed was comfortable and there was a television and a wardrobe to hang clothes up. The breakfast was delightful and I looked forward to it every morning- the croissant and baguette are to die for! Of course this is the case all over Paris. The breakfast also included yogurt, cheese, and coffee/ tea/ hot chocolate. The location of this hotel is perfect. There is every type of shop or restaurant that you might want located right there on rue Monge. There are two patisseries nearby that you should definitely try if you like delicious pastries. If you walk down just a bit to where rue Monge crosses Blvd St. Germain, you will find even more shops, restaurants, etc. This hotel is very close to Notre Dame which is great for sightseeing. Notre Dame is also a great location to get on one of the hop-on, hop-off bus tours. I chose the L'Open Tours but any of the bus tours are a great way to get your bearings and decide what you want to see and do, especially if it is your first time in Paris. I found that the Hotel Monge was the perfect base for exploring Paris, and also had enough comfort to allow me to relax at night and feel at home. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I love Paris and I would definitely stay here when I return.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blky
<Content>Chic and Cheerful small, compact but v clean and laissez faire, really enjoyed our stay in Hotel Residence Monge, rooms were small, and the plumbing is a wee bit noisy but its a very sweet hotel. 5 girls on a birthday weekend - so we were in and out quite a bit, ( including arriving in one morning when many residents were having their breakfast! ) - the reception desk is very helpful, and also cleaners dont disturb at all.. in fact they wait until all are definitely gone before approaching. location is fantastic, so great base from which to appreciate paris, and lots of great resto's nearby. also 2 metro stops less than 2 mins away and the tourist bus ( that takes you all around ) is about 15 mins stroll away. all in all a great little find, and a hotel i wil definitely stay in again - would recommend for a group of friends in paris shopping, and sight seeing.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TessJ33
<Content>Comfortable, quiet Paris hotel We stayed for five nights at Hotel Residence Monge and would definitely reserve space at this reasonably priced hotel again. We had a room on the fifth floor, looking out over the Ar猫nes de Lut猫ce. It was wonderfully peaceful, and from our window we could watch kids in the Roman arena kicking soccer balls and guys playing boules. The bed was comfortable, everything was quite clean, the staff very helpful. We made use of the computer off the lobby where guests can check email. The elevator is tiny, but who cares? Rooms have a refrigerator/mini-bar with enough space to chill a bottle of wine, which is nice. There are wonderful shops and restaurants nearby, and three Metro stations. We highly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BuckeyeTraveller41
<Content>OK Stay, Price too High for What you Get - Look Around for better deal! As with all cheaper Paris hotels the room was small and the shower even smaller (coffin like is how I would describe it!). That is expected. Counter-balacing this is that it had a great location near the metro, lots of food/bars, has a/c in room (that really works) and a mini-fridge which was nice. The staff is friendly, English-speaking (moderate level).Where I think Hotel Monge really comes up short though is with the beds. Our bed was small and HARD HARD HARD. We stayed for quite a while and it really hurt to come home to that after a long day of city trekking. Other things that were annoying was no place in shower to put shampoo (no ledges, etc) and with it being so coffin small it made for some interesting shower olympics to function. Ladies: shaving your legs is nearly impossible. Really. :) The other thing that was especially hard for me was that they had promised us a non-smoking room as I am very allergic to cigarrette smoke (I know - it makes Europe a challenge). Once we arrived even though all the doors around us on our floor and above and below ours were marked No Smoking the hotel clearly did not enforce this as it was like sleeping in a bar it was so smokey 24/7. When I inquired about this they said that is is not *really* non-smoking. What?!? Sadly, that was the only reason I wanted to stay at this hotel. Otherwise I found the price too high for what was offered. We ended up leaving and stayed someplace else in just as good of a location for 20euro a night cheaper and had better amenities. So, look around there are lots of hotels out there you don't have to overpay.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ranlykr
<Content>Would return A great budget accommodation. Julie gave us wonderful recommendations for nearby restaurants (avoid eating near the Eiffel Tower as you will be surrounded by non-so-friendly tourist traps), and the entire staff was very friendly and accommodating. Rooms are small, but this is typical for Paris. If you stay at this hotel, stand on the bed and reach up to touch the ceiling, and you will have an interesting suprise. The ceilings are bouncy, like a balloon, as we discovered by chance. We would definately stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CFCCBT
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed for three nights in September. The Hotel rooms are small but they are very well maintained. Very clean rooms, bathrooms and toilets. Hotel staff are very friendly and accomodating. Great Location! Reasonably Priced!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>7_Continents_Club
<Content>Another homerun for TripAdvisor Once again, the TripAdvisor reviews did not let us down. Hotel Monge was everything we were looking for - an inexpensive hotel with decent rooms in a good location.It was nice having A/C and a mini fridge. I would have preferred having a safe in the room but that's OK. The shower was very small but manageable. I did hear some noise from adjacent rooms (water running, phones ringing, etc.), but it was never too loud to be disturbing.The staff was friendly and helpful. After checking out, we were able to keep our luggage at the hotel. They even took the cheeses we bought and kept them in a fridge for us!The hotel is conveniently located next to 2 metro stops, the 7 line (just a 1/2 block away) and the 10 line. It is also near to some great food places such as Rue Mouffetard, Maison Kayser for bread (14, rue Monge) and Moissonnier restaurant for fabulous pike quenelles (28, rue des Foss茅s Saint Bernard).  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kotroskin
<Content>Nice but small My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for nine nights in August, the room was small and simple but cozy and very clean and the staff friendly.Overall we were happy with our stay and the price was very reasonable but we have a few small complaints:-the shower was uncomfortably small-the minibar fridge was probably broken since it didn't keep things cool at all, just slightly below room temperature (we tried to change the settings, didn't work) and some beverages in the minibar were past their best before date-the walls are pretty thin, one Saturday night I woke up again and again because of noise from other guests in the hallway coming home after partying... for light sleepers earplugs could be a good ideaGreat location, great neighbourhood, recommend taking a stroll (or relaxing with a book) in the beautiful gardens nearby (Jardin des Plantes  Jardin du Luxembourg) and walking around the islands in Seine. We highly recommend a restaurant we found on the Saint-Louis island: Le Caveau de l'Isle, good food, service and value.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Kelsey07
<Content>Well run and very friendly My wife and I stayed here for several days in May. This is a fine hotel and a great value. The owner, Julie, is one of the nicest people you will ever meet in France. The hotel is extremely well kept, the rooms are not huge but are large for a two star hotel, and are quite quiet. Some even open on to the Arenes de Lutece, which is also a great spot for a picnic. The hotel is almost directly next to the newly-remodeled Place Monge Metro station. Breakfast is extra and is quite good. The free e-mail terminal in the lobby is also a nice addition. The French call a hotel like this tres propre, and it sure is.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FranceAlways
<Content>LIved Up to Everyone's Reviews Very pleased with my stay at this hotel. Stayed 3 nights and the first 2 nights I couldn't hear anything from the street or hallways. Third night was a bit noisier from the hallway and elevator. Hotel room was fine and it was nice having air conditioning that you could control and having a mini bar. Had breakfast once at the hotel....croissant, baguette, yogurt, cheese and cafe au lait. Pretty good deal, but decided to try other places. Wish the hotel were closer to the action; however, it was near lots of restaurants on Rue Moutefford (sorry, forgot the spelling) and the metro was very close.Recommend this hotel but might choose another one closer to, say, the Champs Elysee next time.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>stewart52
<Content>Loved it! My best friend and I stayed in June and we had an amazing time. We are students on a budget and feared that we would have to settle when it came to our hotel, but we were wrong. The hotel was clean and the area was very safe even in the early hours of the morning. Julie and her staff were very helpful and willing to answer any of the questions that we had. The Monge is great and I will be staying there again!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chickaroonee
<Content>Good value for money Stayed here for 3 nights in April 2007, and our experience really reflects all those on here. Very good value for money and good location - but remember it is a budget hotel! If you're looking for a comfortable, cheap stay this is a good option.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDleopardgirl
<Content>It was great, overall       View from back stairwell (or back room) over historic park area  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>TucsonRuth
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay in Paris My 13-year-old daughter and I just returned from a 5-night stay at L'Hotel Residence Monge. It was the perfect place for us, in the Latin Quarter and near two Metro stations on different lines. None of the previous recommendations for this hotel was exaggerated. The rooms clean, the staff friendly and efficient, the area safe, and with plenty of Brasseries and other food stores nearby. We felt comfortable exploring the area on foot. Our room, number 21, faced the back garden/area, which I would recommend as there is lots of traffic on Place Monge. We only ate breakfast once at the hotel as there are plenty of other places nearby and cheaper. My daughter loved the little 2-person elevator. The only thing I found annoying was you could hear water draining from nearby bathrooms in other rooms, but mostly we were on outings, so this did not present a big problem. I also must say that Julie and staff really take the time to have window garden flowers, and other nice touches that make this 2-star Paris hotel a gem. I would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting comfortable, but not luxurious accommodations in Paris!! Ruth from Tucson, AZ  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ddh309
<Content>Perfect Hotel for viewing Paris This hotel has everything you need at a great price. It is very clean, charming, safe, an excellent location, an outstanding staff in a charming neighborhood with tons of shops and restaurants, including 2 excellent bakeries within a block. Very close to 2 Metro stations and only a 10 minute walk to Notre Dame. This place was cleaner than several American hotels including our last stay at a Disney World hotel. We will stay here again and recommend to anyone. The owner Julie was extremely helpful and made it our home for the week. While the room (and elevator) is not large compared to US hotels, it was just what you need considering what little time you spend in your room. Stay here and save your money for your Paris adventures!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Abazaba
<Content>Charming and comfortable hotel We just returned from a 2 week vacation in France. The first week was spent in Paris at the Hotel Monge. Julie, the manager, took excellent care of us while we where there. Our flight arrived before check-in and so we left our bags in the eating area and walked around the area. When we returned, Julie had taken our bags to our room - this was totally unexpected as we weren't staying in a 3 star hotel - plus - there weren't any guys around to do the hauling. The rooms are decorated in French country fare. Our room had a balcony and we enjoyed the views from it. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was clean and very functional. Hotel Monge was very centrally located for us as there is a pharmacy located on the same block (needed because we got chest colds), laundramat, a Champion grocery store and many brassieries and bistros located nearby. It is also steps away from the metro which made it very convenient for us.This was our first time to Paris, but we will definitely stay at the Hotel Monge the next time around.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tandoori
<Content>Nice place! We spent 4 nights here in May and really enjoyed it. The staircase and elevator are both small but that was just part of the fun. We really enjoyed the neighborhood. It was very easy to get to the must sees on the metro and at night we enjoyed the less crowded streets of the Latin Quarter. The bath tub was fabulous!! Long and deep---a highlight of the room for me. We chose not to eat breakfast at the hotel but enjoyed great croissants from a bakery on the corner.The price is great and the room was clean and comfortable. We would definitely return.Sarah  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>moes2228
<Content>Nice Place to stay Hotel Monge is not a 3 star hotel, but it is a good value for the price (~100E for a double w/ bathroom) and location. Hotel Monge is situated in the Latin Quarter in between 2 metro stops (on two different metro lines), Cardinal Lemoine or Monge. This hotel is in walking distance of the Pantheon, the Sorbonne, Luxembourg Gardens, Notre Dame, etc. Nothing is right around the corner, but if you came to Paris you are prepared to walk. The first few nights of our stay we were on the 5th floor. There is a small lift (one person + one suitcase) that is available. Internet is available in a small closet off of the lobby. One of the main advantages of the hotel is the manager. She is efficient, effective and kind. There is a safe available at the desk (8pm-8am the safe can't be opened. The safe can't be accessed unless the manager opens it). We did not have breakfast in the hotel, but the breakfast room is quite nice and we would consider it in the future. Also available at the hotel are tour books of Paris in English in case you need more advice on what to see. We did not enjoy the 3 restaraunts we chose in the Latin Quarter, in the future we'd go straight to the Champ Elysses or Eiffel Tower area for dinner as we found the service (English speaking/American compassionate) and quality of food better. Do NOT eat in the Greek area on the river bank (Hotel Monge side of the river) near Notre Dame. The food is horrible unless you want a gyro.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gfrompisa
<Content>Hotel in Paris The Hotel is nice and the breakfast is excellent and you can have it early in the morning (some time can be useful). The room was nice and small (as in most Hotel in Paris).I had an excellent wireless service (free). Something rarely available. Actually I was able to use as if were in my office.The staff was helpful. On the minus side: they do not take Amex. It is a general problem in France.Rue Moffetard is nearby. And it is not the usual street of the Latin quarter. You can see real French people (not upper class bourgeois) and share their experience.The action on the Marais is a walk away.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Vailhusker
<Content>Americans in Paris       Bathroom  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tripfantastic
<Content>Take me back to Hotel Residence Monge! Hotel Residence Monge is always a hit with us. Julie, the manager, and her unpretentious but extremely helpful service, is always a delight. She speaks good English and can be very patient with those of us trying to bludgeon out a few French phrases. Although this is a two star hotel and is not fancy, it is clean, charming, and well-run. The back faces an incredibly delightful field and old roman stadium from another age. The hotel is ideally located and our base for many exciting new ventures, such as having entrecote frites (Relais D'entrecote- found in Tripadvisor, of course) and tasting the best ice cream ever (Bertillon). Run, do not walk, to Isle de Louis, (really the Isle of Ice Cream), to have the Bertillon caramel ice cream. A delightful cafe is at the foot of the street across from the Metro stop where one can read, sit, or just have a delightful Cafe Creme uninterrupted or unhurried. I can't wait for my next trip and to hear the children playing in the courtyard behind Residence Monge. Thank you, Julie, for providing such a haven for those of us who cherish Paris. A Bientot!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Kalibhakta
<Content>Excellent Budget Hotel I spent nine nights at the Hotel Monge towards the end of April and found it to be superior in terms of service, accommodations, location, and price. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff are attentive and helpful, and the daily breakfast is a bargain (they are very generous with the coffee, which was a plus for me). Any time I had a question, Julie, the manager, or another staff member was there with an answer; Julie is a jewel and did a lot to make my stay very pleasant.One example of the staff's attentiveness: on the first night I folded up the bedspread to put under my pillow (I like a lot of pillows); I meant to ask for another pillow the next day but didn't have to--the maid brought one before I could ask for it.My room was small but the bed was quite comfortable and the balcony, overlooking the Latin Quarter and Notre-Dame, was lovely--a great place to sit in the evenings, drink absinthe, and watch the sun set. I didn't travel to Paris to sit in a hotel room and so didn't mind the small quarters at all; it's worth it to me to pay around $110 a night for a clean, well-run, centrally-located hotel so I can spend the rest of my money on...having fun in Paris. The hotel is located near several metro stations and within walking distance of Notre-Dame and St. Germain-des-Pres. At the foot of Rue Monge, where it runs into Boulevard St. Germain, there are several stellar 茅piceries (I say this as a budget traveler who didn't want to eat every meal in a restaurant). There's also a grocery store and laundry on the same block as the hotel, as well as bakeries and inexpensive caf茅s nearby. The setting is that of an urban neighborhood, not a tourist destination, and I liked this. There is a computer available for use in the lobby, though you can't sit down at it; I went to an internet store around the corner most of the time, as I needed to spend around an hour a day on a computer, but it was still very convenient to have the lobby access to quickly check email. The Hotel R茅sidence Monge is an excellent base of operations for a traveler who wants impeccable accommodations without paying hundreds of dollars a night. I don't think the hotel would be as good for parents traveling with kids, but for the individual or couple it's ideal. It is a friendly and well-run place and I am already nostalgic for my balcony view of Notre-Dame...  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>passepartoutNC
<Content>Hotel Monge is a great deal The Hotel Monge was recommended by a friend and lived up to my expectations. It is comfortable, spotlessly clean and the owner, Julie, is friendly and helpful. The hotel is within easy walking distance of many Left Bank sites and is close to 3 metro stations. It is an ideal base for visiting Paris  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MCaseNC
<Content>Wonderful Bargain Hotel We read the reviews of this hotel here and contacted the property to book our week in Paris. In the past we have stayed at the Hotel Joan of Arc in the Marias and were disappointed to be unable to book there. However, the Hotel Residence Monge, on the Rue Monge, is very lovely and very well maintained, and the staff very friendly and helpful. This was an excellent choice. The hotel is located steps away from a Metro station (1/2 block) and is within 3 - 5 blocks of two other stations. The rooms are small but practical and comfortable and many of the rooms are equipped with American style showers (which are again very small). The property is centrally located and all of Paris is easily accessible, although there is quite a lot to do in this neighborhood. We were very pleased with this lovely hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it to others.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>golfidian
<Content>at the monge again Exactly half a year after our first stay in the Hotel Monge we stayed here again for 4 nights. After reading some of the very negative reviews here I was slightly worried if hte positive impression we had had mabye changed. But no; we enjoyed the time there as much as before. The room was extremely clean, enough space for 3 people, the location just always again is simply perfect for buying food, going for walks (Jardin de plantes!) or simply wathcing people.So I still highly recommend this Hotel for people who don麓t want to spend too much money but want to have a nice, clean and friendly stay in a lovely area of Paris!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>harplute
<Content>What A Find I just got back from a week in Paris. My stay was excellent, thanks in good part to the Hotel Monge and its staff. The hotel is conveniently located near 2 metro lines in the 5eme arrondissement, the Latin Quarter. There is a Chapion supermarket down the street and lots of restaurants, fast food outlets and pastry shops nearby.The hotel itself was very clean and the staff were most helpful. They speak English well and are kind and professional. There is a computer in the lobby and it is free for the guests to use. I emailed home every day. Breakfast is extra, but it was a good value; it includes cafe au lait, tea or cocoa, yogourt, cheeses, jams, butter, croissants and bagettes. The cafe au lait was very good.Our room was on the 6th floor. No worries, there is a very small but dependable elevator. The room was a good size and had a private bathroom. The shower was forceful and there was plenty of hot water. The maid did an excellent job cleaning, and even folded my granddaughter's PJs which she left under her pillow one night. The room had a mini fridge and a TV.The one shortcoming was the fact that there was no safe in the room and no safe at the reception desk. I was assured by the owner/manager, Julie, that it was safe to leave things in the room. I put our passports, travelers' cheques, and US cash in my suitcase and locked it with a small lock. Everything was just fine.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for good rates at a clean, friendly hotel in a safe, convenient location.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Lotuspath
<Content>I've stayed in better youth hostels in Europe ! I would rate the Hotel Monage two stars just like the sign says on the outside of the hotel. Actually the sign had three stars but one star has been scratched out and the hotel is probably too cheap to buy a new one. The lobby needs a real good renovation or at least a paint job. I'm always leery of hotels that show pictures of the city ( Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Arch de Triumphe ) on their web sites and not pictures of the hotel or their rooms. Like other hotels in Paris, the rooms are tiny and you will need to climb up a very narrow staircase just to get to them. The shower in the bathroom plainly put is simply ridiculous ! The one internet access in the whole place is literally shoved in a small closet near the front desk. The night person at the front desk also rolls a cot out of this very same closet and sleeps in the lobby at night....I'm not joking. We stayed in this place for a week so I saw some pretty funky stuff going on in that time. The owner Julie, that everyone seems to rave about, was a bit helpful but not at all a happy or cheerful person. Her husband was even less gracious ! I'm not at all sure why so many people on the Trip Advisor site have given this hotel such good reviews unless they are being less than candid or have not done much traveling. The room was clean to the point of being sterile and the owner's only saving grace is that she has lucked out by having excellent house keepers. The location is okay for a first timer to Paris and if you do not plan to spend too much time in your room. You wont want to anyway. The next time I am in Paris I will stay anywhere in either the Marais or St. Germain areas. The Latin Quarter is okay but not the best location in Paris. Ask people on the Paris Forum and you will also see most recommend these other two locations. I tried to get friendly with Julie after reading everyone's comments on the TA but I found Julie rather aloof and I can't remember her even smiling. One day, I asked her to recommed a restaurant to eat in and she recommended the D'Ivy ( I believe that was the name) on Rue Mouftard. This was simply the worst restaurant I have ever eaten in any European city. Not the kind of French food I had imagined and I should have known this choice of restaurant was a bad mistake when we saw it open at 4:00 in the afternoon when most other good French restaurants are all long closed in the later hours of the afternoon. My single biggest beef with the hotel owner was the way she handles her business. I booked my reservation using American Express and she told me she would check with her bank if it was okay and then email a respones the next day confirming the reservation. Here's a warning.... listen up now..... THE HOTEL HAS A SEVERE CANCELLATION POLICY ! Here is their exact language/quote; Please note that we do ask for 12 days cancellation notice to prevent any charges from being incurred. In the event that no prior noticification is given, the cancellation charge will be equivalent to the cost of the first night's accomodation. On your arrival you will have to settle for the total number of nights reserved. In case of cancellation, the notification would have to be made by fax or e-mail and one confirmation of this cancellation would be sent back.This is the cancellation policy in their own words on the e-mailed confirmation. I can't think of another hotel that does this anywhere I've ever stayed in the world. I would have to pay for changes twelve days in advance yet the hotel can re-book that very room in a moments notice. Am I then in the hotel business or is Ms Julie ? Well, when I went to pay our bill on the last day with only hours to get to the airport, the very same Ms. Julie that everyone seems to love, informed me that she does NOT in fact accept American Express. I said But you took the reservation with American Express and I bet you would have charged my American Express card if I cancelled but now you don't accept AE. If she took the reservation in AE then she should honor her word and accept payment in AE.How can you do business like this ? I lost all respect for the owner of the Monge right there in that dingy lobby as she awkwardly explained to me the different exchange rates and charges incurred by my AE card. I asked her if she would keep her word and she called someone ( I think she was actually calling her husband who then appeared seconds later ) and she told me it was impossible. Impossible ? But she is the owner ! Shame....shame.....perhaps this is one of the reasons why the hotel only gets two stars by me AND by the French government rating system. I guess at the Hotel Monge the customer is not always right even when the owner is WRONG. Isn't paying for her mistake in taking the AE reservation one of the cost of running a hotel business ? No...at the Monge it's the always the customer's cost and the hotel's interest comes first.By the way, when I first arrived at the hotel, I was gushing about the hotel's great reviews on Trip Advisor. Julie actually told me I have many FRIENDS all over the world. Perhaps these friends are busy stuffing the ballot box for Ms. Julie. On a happy note.....Paris is wonderful and even the Hotel Monge can't ruin your trip. The operative word here is budget traveling but it's surely worth paying a bit extra money to get a better hotel than this.....this is not the best Paris has to offer but it might nearly be the worst.....just stay there and you'll see exactly what I mean.....then I can say I told you so.....ugh.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	1	1	

<Author>debnem16
<Content>Best Kept Secret in Paris!!!       Hotel Residence Monge  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DeeWBee
<Content>Pleasant surprise This was our first visit to the Hotel Monge (it's on rue Monge in the heart of the Latin Quarter). On previous Paris visits we had stayed at a very satisfactory 2-star hotel in the 6th district but recently they had become much pricier with no commensurate benefits so off we went to the Monge.We were able to check in early (other Parisian hotels we've stayed at are very rigid about not letting the room until the posted check-in hour) and this was a welcome convenience.The elevator is tiny and the rooms are smallish but everything was neat, clean, tidy and pleasant. Bed was comfy, bathroom fine, everything worked and functioned as hoped.There are two Metro stops within a block's walk, plenty of reasonable restaurants, it's a short walk to the famous rue Mouffetard and Pantheon as well as the Luxembourg Gardens and the Saint Germain area.Behind the hotel itself is the ancient Arene de Lutece, once used by the early Parigi as a colesium and now a public park with vestiges of the original arena still in evidence.All this for 86 euros per night for a double room! Will we be back?What do you think?!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tb_74
<Content>Hotel Monge delivers! My friend and I stayed at the Monge last summer, and as it was my first trip to Paris, I wanted to make sure we were in a decent hotel. The Monge is a very nice property, very clean, very well located (only five minutes walk to 2 different Metro lines) but very basic. The rooms are small, the bathroom is minute (particularly the shower) and the elevator is just large enough for two people on low-carb diets. However, I must reiterate how CLEAN the hotel is, and how helpful the staff is. Be sure to take advantage of the free internet access in the lobby to check flights, book tours etc. While at the Monge, be sure to explore the neighbourhood, you'll find some amazing places to eat and beautiful for strolling around in the evenings. One of our favorite activities was to hit a local pasta takeout restaurant and bring it back to the Arena behind the hotel. Nothing like enjoying a fresh pasta dinner sitting under the Paris sky watching children kicking a ball around. The hotel is also close enough to walk to the Notre Dame (where we usually started our adventures for the day); you can make it there in 10 or 15 minutes by foot. This is not the George V, but it is very reasonably priced, well staffed and well located. I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Marcia_Teles
<Content>It's good enough       View from the room  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Sollentuna
<Content>We were very happy with our choice For being 2 star you get a lot at this hotel.It is nice and clean and the rooms ar very nice for the price payed(even though the beds could be softer in our taste). You can easily get less even though paying more at other hotels. The breakfast is a good continental one. And we got god help from the staff.However if need an elevator of some size, this is not the place. to stay. The elevator is very small indeed and the stairs are narrow.It is a rather short walk from Notre Dame. And if you turn the other way ant walk to Place Monge very near by where a lot of restaurants can be found.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Armcc
<Content>A wonderful introduction A wonderful introduction to Paris. I stayed with my nine year old daughter for a few nights in late February 2007. After reading so many bad reviews of other hotels in Paris, I was not sure what to expect from any reasonably priced hotel. We found Residence Monge clean, comfortable, easily accessible from the metro, and in a very nice part of town. (Place Monge station did seem to be closed at some point - so Cardinal Lemoine station may be the better option - near a great cafe too!!) As we visited other areas of Paris, I was happy to go home to Residence Monge. I would agree with the last few reviews, and add that there are also wonderful parks nearby, including Jardin des Plantes, which was a nice retreat from the tourist track. Julie at the front desk was very friendly, helpful and accommodating. I would also second the recommendation for La Papillotte, a nearby restaurant located off of Rue Mouffetard.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>simbasmum
<Content>a comfortable and cosy home from home       view from window  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JonesLlanrug
<Content>Commendable hotel Jones, Llanrug. Very well managed hotel. Very clean and very helpful staff. Rooms well presented with modern bathroom facilities. Good value breakfast and sensible prices for accomodation. Highly recommended 2* Hotel in nice area, close to main attrections and within 100m(ish) to two metro stations. A must in Paris.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ruskies
<Content>Loved our home base! Wendy  Greg - Winnipeg Canada ....................what a honeymoon! We spent 9 days in Paris and stayed at The Hotel Monge. It was fantastic; clean, friendly, great breakfasts, quaint and very inexpensive. Very central and within walking distance to all the attractions. Metro close if you want to ride. If ever in Paris again we will stay at this hotel. We have recommended it to two other couples who are travelling to Paris in the summer.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mol-66
<Content>Perfect hotel       Our room  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Caddy5Jersey
<Content>A really lovely hotel in a lovely district close to all Hotel Monge was a lovely place to stay - really great value for a long weekend to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. Staff were very helpful, location amazing and metro so close - although Notre Dame and Latin Quarter was only 15 minutes walk.Mouffetard was a lovely district up very closeby, with great bars and restaurants - we loved 1001 Nights Morrocan bar with hooker pipes and Avocado milk shakes! The market at Mouffetard on Sunday was gorgeous - cheese meat fish coffee veg chocs baked goods.......etcetcetcAny way this was by far the best value stay in Paris, and saw some gorgeus quieter quarters as well as the main sights.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>200153
<Content>hated the monge We were booked in for 9 nights late December 2006-on trip advisor rankings-17th out of 1600 odd.What a major disappointment-unattractive  uninviting small public areas, ancient rooms with worn out old sheets  towels, a lift that did not work after 8 p.m., bad luck if you stayed on high levels or had mobility problems. Owner Julie completely charmless (especially after reading trip advisor reviews as to how wonderful she was). In Paris you are never far from something interesting or attractive-this hotel is in the most boring  unattractive strip of the whole Latin Quarter. My 21 year old son (who charmed everyone he met on our 1 month long holiday in 4 cities) has respiratory problems and has to boil water for sinus rinsing requested kettle after explaining why  was told there was no kettle available. We booked out early were charged 1 extra night penalty (understandably). What annoyed me was that all of a sudden room rate increased-I did not bother arguing as I was happy to be out of there. We had stayed in London at kk hotel which was terrific for 1 week before coming to Paris. On the plane from London my wife  I were seated in row 13 next to a man who had serious hygeine problems, the bag with ALL of our clothes was lost for 6 days (eventually returned by B.A.)  we stayed in this terrible hotel for 2 nights! Talk about bad luck! Fear not dear readers ,we found the wonderful Hotel Abbatial on Boulevarde Saint Germain , completed our stay incident free  moved on to AthensHong Kong  had a great holiday. Please do not stay in this hotel (Monge) as Paris is an enchanting city  you do not want your holiday ruined.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RBCumbria
<Content>Very helpful staff I stayed one night at the Residence Monge en route from Barcelona to London on the Train. I arrived at 9.15am and was given access to a bedroom straight away. I was even able to take breakfast which was plentiful and well prepared.The owners were most helpful, spoke good English and dealt with a problem with the TV remote most efficiently.The room I had was not big but was adequate. Unlike the previous writer, I do not expect a kettle in a Paris Hotel!Residence Monge is ideally situated between two metro stops.I booked the hotel after reading reports on Trip Advisor and would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Eltator
<Content>Nice hotel in Paris I think the best value of this hotel is its great sittuation. It is in the middle of the Latin neighbourhood, one of the nicest places of Paris, with a lot of brasseries and cafes and a lot of nice places to visit.The hotel has another great value: its kind and charming staff. From the check in time to the checkout time they were always very pleasant.The room was quite big (especially the bathroom!) and clean. The room had a big and handy wardrobe, TV, telephone and minibar. Oh! And it also had free WiFi access.Obviously, it is a budget hotel and does not have the comodities of a higher class hotel, but I highly reccomend it if you want a cheap and charming hotel in Paris.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>mc582
<Content>Excellent and friendly service!               
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pugs633
<Content>Hotel Monge: OVER RATED? Me, my husband and sister all seem to think so. We booked a double and triple (100/130 Euro) based on reviews on tripadvisor and were sorely disappointed. :(My husband  I backpacked SouthEast Asia for 3 months straight so we are not picky or demanding by any stretch of the imagination. Positives: windows are double paned and the rooms are clean. But we think there are better hotels out there. We found the Familia Hotel MUCH better last time we were in Paris (they were booked this time around )1. Staff did not seem to make an effort to be friendly at all. When we checked in we were simply given our keys and pointed to the elevator/stairs. We were suprised since others raved about the service. We barely got a smile out of them- I wondered for a minute if THEY were the ones paying us to stay there. 2. Elevator fits only 1 person with luggage or 2 small people. The dark winding staircase was not much better to lug your baggage up.3. There is not clock or coffee/teamaker in the room. Considering they managed to have a minibar in each room, hmmmm.4. Don't expect to sleep in at all as the housekeeper starts banging and vacuuming at around 8 am. Ok? it's supposed to be a holiday 5. Finally, we found the beds pretty rough to sleep on. I woke up with backaches (normally I never have back issues). The last couple nights I found it helpful to sleep on my stomach.Anyways, hope this helps! I will NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone that I care about. Bon voyage! Paris is amazing :)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>bwie_sg
<Content>Impressive service! Nice boutique hotel! My boyfriend and I just came back from a 4D/3N stay with Hotel Monge. We selected this little parisian hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor. The hotel is a short 2-3mins walk from the underground station. If you are planning to do your sight-seeing and travel around paris on the underground, you'll find the proximity to the underground station a huge convenience. Hotel Monge on the other hand is not exactly close (this I mean within 300m radius) the main attractions like the lourve, champs elysse etc but it is quite near to notre dame. Fantastic facilities / amenities around the hotel too - pharmacy, restaurants, takeaways and supermarket. We got a small room facing the streets - it has a double bed complete with an ensuite bathroom with shower. Everything is 'city-sized' - small and compact. Extremely clean. No problems at all! Julie, Juliet and the rest of the staff at the hotel are unfailingly polite and helpful all the time. They provided us with hot water (for tea) every night we were there. Answered our queries and recommended us where to get late night supper, paris style. Breakfast is superb - croissant are nice! Most importantly - we accidentally left behind an item of sentimental value and emailed Julie about it. She promised she would search around for it and she did! She found our belonging and kept it safe while we picked it up on our way back from Milan. Were really grateful to them for it. Overall a great hotel. The service was simply all-rounded. Would definitely go back there again. Pity the lift could only fit one person + 1 piece of luggage.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>katyc67
<Content>A quiet refuge             Me on balcony!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>moserbike
<Content>A nice home base I really liked this hotel. The location was great, the room was comfortable and quiet with a great view overlooking the old Roman arena and the staff was very helpful and attentive. I loved the easy access to the market at Place Monge and the Rue Mouffetard and appreciated having the Metro just steps away. I'm already thinking about my next trip to Paris, and this would be near the top of places to stay.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Zypp
<Content>Excellent location, friendly staff My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 8 nights and we're extremelly satisfied with our stay. We got room 55, 5th floor with a little balcony facing the street. The room and bathroom were comfortable and very clean, although a little small, especially the shower (just about the size of a baguette!). Very tall or large folks may not find it very comfortable.The staff were very polite, friendly and helpful. Location is excellent. Between 2 metro stations, close to many restaurants (rue moffetard), and about 15-20 min walk from Notre Dame Cathedral.Strongly recommend it and will definitely stay there again next time we're in Paris.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>57BelAir
<Content>Fine Hotel       Hotel Monge Balcony View  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tchrlorrie
<Content>My new favorite Parisian hotel My daughter and I spent 3 nights in this well-located, impeccably clean, friendly hotel. Hotel Monge was exactly what we were looking for and we will gladly return in the future.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>momflys
<Content>The Hotel Monge is the perfect/inexpensive place to stay in Paris! I just got back from a 5 day/4 night stay at the Hotel Monge with my 21 year old daughter and loved it! It was in a wonderful location;close walk to many places, between two metro stops and was only a 42 euro cab ride from CDG. Our room was a corner room over looking the Rue Monge(somewhat noisy at night with windows open) but fun to look out . The room was quite large and very clean-appeared to be recently updated. The bathroom was spotless and larger than others have complained about on this forum. The beds were quite comfortable and had enough blankets for my daughter who is ALWAYS cold. It had a armoire closet,minibar fridge and cable TV.(The only thing that I can fault this hotel about was the towels-coarse and needed to be replaced.)The staff were delightful too. We did take the breakfast downstairs twice for 6.50 euros apiece to save us time a couple mornings and it was quite sufficient. It included a big pot of coffee (about 3 cups!!)and hot milk for each of us,various cheeses,jams and butter with a bread basket along with a yoghurt. After spending 3.50 for one coffee down the street, my daughter and I decided that for our coffee needs-this was easier and more convenient. I fly to Paris often for my job and think that this hotel is much more convenient to great restaurants and shops than the two 4 star hotels that my company puts me in for my crew layovers.We paid 98 euros for two a night and it was really a great place to enjoy Paris. You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>giggling_gecko
<Content>great hotel for the price       view from our room  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mahomonkey
<Content>Good first visit to Paris I chose the Hotel Residence Monge for our May trip to Paris based on TripAdvisor reviews. I would recommend the Monge because it was conveniently located (near Notre Dam, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon), affordable, and walking distance to train stops (1/2 a block  2 blocks). As other reviewers have said, Julie was an incredibly efficient manager and was quick to respond in English to email inquiries, and provided excellent dining recommendations and traveling suggestions while we were there. The property itself is not particularly memorable - but the convenience, security, and ease of staying here was perfect for a first time Paris visitor. The proximity to Notre Dam was the best part - we went there a number of times and even purchased tickets for an organ recital (although Sunday Mass was pretty much the same experience and highly recommended).  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>JohnandLisa
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel       Hotel room  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>violet125
<Content>Good, safe hotel and pleasant staff My husband picked this hotel based on tripadvisors' reviews. We stayed for 3 nights. We were not dissappointed. This was a very nice hotel. The location is very good. There is a lively street with lots of restaurants not too far away called Mouffetard. If you ask for a place to go eat the hotel will send you to a restaurant on that street, Jardin Ivy, which we were not too crazy about, you get a coupon for a free drink. There are lots of bakeries near the hotel. Yummy! :)The hotel is easily accessible using the metro. There were lots of stairs to the metro exit near the hotel. We later found out that using the exit further from the hotel (1 or 2 block) that it was easier because there is an escalator to that one. There also happens to be a very interesting market Sunday mornings by that metro worth visiting. The elevator was very small, we thought that was funny, the luggage only fit with one person in it. The shower head is hand held and it was a challenge not to spray everywhere, there was no shower curtains. We would stay there again and would highly recommend this place. Julie and staff were very nice. You can leave your luggage there when you check out but they leave it in the lobby, we had no problems.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>badabingdad
<Content>No problems at the Monge A great find thanks to this website. A clean and comfortable hotel. Great location for eating out and exploring. Would not hesitate to go back. Liked the room facing the garden - nice and quiet. Helpful and friendly staff. Couldnt' really ask for much more for around 100 euros per night. Need a place to eat - just ask Julie!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thermomanlar
<Content>Recommended       View of the street  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Glamanda
<Content>Highly recommended! I also booked after reading travellers reviews and was not disappointed. This was my 2nd time to Paris and Monge was not only cheaper but the room was so much larger than I was expecting! We hardly spent any time in the room so we didn't need anything fancy but the room was still very comfortable and very clean. The location is brilliant and I think their croissants are some of the best in France! I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Krubs
<Content>Enjoyable stay We stayed at the Hotel Monge the first couple of night's of our honeymoon. It is a great place to stay for those on a budget. Good location. Excellent front desk staff - very approachable, feel free to ask questions. Very clean and comfortable. Truly enjoyed it and would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>spiderbait
<Content>Pleasant, not special. Based on the reviews on this site, we booked 2 nights here in September by email. The response to our emails by Julie was quick and in English, which was extremely helpful. The room was very clean and pleasant, but we were a little surprised by how tiny the bathroom was - large guests would find the shower a challenge! On the plus side there was plenty of hot water. It's a great location, very close to 2 metro stations and easy to get to from the airport. But beware of the endless stairs on the metro if you have heavy luggage! Julie and her staff were very helpful. The breakfast is pretty basic, I would go out, plenty of good places nearby and easy to walk everywhere.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Britchip
<Content>Strongly recommend I stayed there for 3 nights. Even though the washroom is very small, the hotel is cute and there are corridors...great value for money.there's a train station nearby and the laudrette is just 2 mins walkI chose this hotel because of the review posted in tripadvisor and I was not disapponted at all.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ChicagoMembers
<Content>More Than Met Our Expectations This was our 2nd visit to Paris. My wife and I and our friends stayed at the Hotel Residence Monge for 6 nights in early September. We chose this hotel primarily because of the Trip Advisor overall rating and the reviews here. Our room was #401, a corner room with twim beds pushed together. The room had a small seating area in addition to the bed area, and looked over the small amphitheater behind the hotel. The room was comfortable and quiet. The bathroom was small but not tiny, and contained a tub with no shower curtain and a hend held shower (not atypical in Paris hotels). We dealt with this easily: I was very careful to always keep the spray pointed toward the backwall, and my wife chose to shower sitting down in the tub. We had a few chuckles about this, but it was fine. We enjoyed the fact that the Hotel Monge's rooms are airconditioned, as Paris was warm during our stay. We did not use any of the products in the in-room mini fridge, but we used it to chill the wines we bought to the room. The linens and towels were clean of good quality. The room was cleaned well every day. The elevator is small - 3 passengers max and only one person with luggage at a time. So, we normally took it going up, and took the stairs going down. The location of the hotel is great. It is in a middle class working neighborhood, with many small shops, bucheries, charcuteries, boulangeries, and tabacs. The Rue Monge Metro station is within 200 feet of the hotel's front door, and there is another station 2 blocks from Hotel Monge. We walked Rue Monge and other main avenues in the neighborhood as late as 10PM and felt safe. There are many good resturants within 15 minutes walk, and Ille de Cite - Notre Dame - is less than a 20 minute walk. One of the main assets of this hotel is Julie, the owner and operator of the hotel. Julie was a joy to work, with from working out the reservations to the day we checked out. Julie is at the front desk perhaps 10 hours per day, and was there every day but one of our stay. She made two sets of dinner reservations for us, ordered taxis for us twice, made two restaurant recommendations (1 on Ille St Louis and 1 in the Rue Moufetard area) that were excellent, and generally acted as our chief source of advice. She has a delightful personality. Her husband handles the morning in-house breakfast and other chores, and he along with the other staff, most of whom have been with Julie for many years, were absolutley great. Hotel Residence Monge is not the Four Seasons by any means, but it gave us 3 Star quality at a great price. An excellent value!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justgottaseeit
<Content>Great two star hotel! Loved it. We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Monge. The bed was really comfortable, the balcony on the fifth floor was fantastic, and a great location close to metro stops and latin quarter. Also has air-con and elevator, which were both a relief. Rooms quite spacious, nice, friendly staff. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Frites
<Content>Small in Size - Big in Value My wife and i just came back from a trip to England, Scotland and Paris.We used Trip Advisor to find all of the places to stay after a friend recommended it and that is how we came across Hotel Monge.This Hotel was not the biggest in the world and the rooms were a little small, but who spends time in their room anyway in the middle of Paris.The hotel is located right in the heart of the Latin Quarter and literally one block from Notre Dame.The people that work at the Hotel all know english and were very helpful, not to mention that the crussonts we had for breakfast there were some of the best I have ever had in my life.The hotel was very clean and each room also has a bathroom with a small shower which is always a plus.Directly down the street from the hotel is probably the best pastry shop in all of Paris called Erik Kaiser. Along with that within waling distance is a great little street with all of the crepperies and little cafes Paris is best known for.As far as getting around the city goes the Hotel is situated right on top of the Place Monge rail station which makes it easy to get anywhere you want and is within walking distance to Notre Dame, the Pantheon, and even the Luve and Eifel Tower if you have your walking shoes wth you.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who would be going to Paris. You get the entire Paris experience for less money and staying here as opposed to the big old resort hotels really gives you the feeling that you are a resident of Paris and not just another tourist.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Zh.Ou.
<Content>Good but.. I have some mixed feeling about this hotel. My expectation might have been a little bit high because of the good comments about this hotel. It seems the hotel has just downgraded from 3 star to 2 Star. We paid 97EUR per night. The room is definitely much cleaner than a normal 2 star hotel and very quiet, but also very small and basic. The TV channels include BBC and MSNBC. The internet was out of order for the first several days, which might have been a blessing if you are in Paris. The location is excellent, close to Latin Quater ( Patheon, Luxembourg Garden and many other churches). The owner was very helpful. We did not take the breakfast, which is 6.50 EUR and probably worth of the money since the pastry is cheaper outside but with coffee you would endup with this amount or more. There are four pastry shops and 2 Chinese resterants (take-out type) within 2 blocks. One can take sub lines 7 or 10 to get the hotel. Do I want to come back? I might try to find some thing fancier but this hotel is definitely an excellent fall-back option.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>MountHolyokeMom
<Content>Great Base for Mother/Daughter Trip Hotel Monge was a great place to spend our first two nights in France. It was a perfect combination of price, comfort, safety, cleanliness and friendliness. Both my mother (age 63) and I agree we would stay here again with pleasure. We booked our room about one month in advance via email, and the hotel was sold our during our stay (late May). My mother and I requested a room with two beds, and were assigned a room on the fourth floor, overlooking the ampitheatre. The twin beds are apparently pushed together at times to form a larger bed, but worked as separate beds just as well. We didn't mind the spiraling staircase at all; it's absolutely typical of Paris. We enjoyed open windows the first night, but turned on the A/C the second night--and it worked beautifully. Madame was pleasant, but bless her heart she is overworked! She was happy to oblige (and correct!) my French, and was equally warm with my mother in English. The breakfast downstairs seemed a wee bit expensive, and so we sought our breakfasts elsewhere. Early rising was a bit of a nuisance, since the night concierge sleeps behind the desk on a cot (and you don't want to disturb him), and the front doors are shuttered. Non-hotel details: While a cab from the airport to the Hotel Monge might cost you $100, the RER/Metro option only cost us about $15 each--and it was a fun adventure--particularly for my mother. We only had one rolling mid-sized suitcase each, and that helped. We are generally fit, and had no problem walking from the hotel to the Notre Dame and beyond. (We actually walked to the Arc de Triomphe, which is a great way to work off jet lag.) Be sure to splurge on a beer in the Jardin du Luxembourg, and let your eyes feast on everything around you!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ElBleato
<Content>Great family hotel Struck lucky twice now with the help of TripAdvisor (see Hotel Domus Praetoria in Rome).I stayed at the Residence Monge with my wife and two teenage daughters for 3 nights last weekend. We were given rooms next door to each other. Both rooms were comfortable and spotlessly clean. The service levels at the hotel are high. We all highly rated breakfast. Overall superb value for money.The hotel is in a pleasant area with easy Metro connections. A couple of streets over is a 'buzzing' area with lots of bars and restaurants.The hotel recommended a restaurant 'Jardin d'Ivy' which was superb. I am fortunate to have eaten at many famous name restaurants around the world (including Paris) on business. I cannot recall a restaurant I have enjoyed more - the quality of the food and the lovely ambience was just great. With both the hotel and the restaurant it was clear that the owners, who were actively on-site, really cared.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hellochristy01
<Content>Great Location but Small Quarters My husband and I stayed here about a month ago and really enjoyed the neighborhood. There were at least 2 metro stops, a couple of bakeries, an excellent chocolaterie, and small supermarket very nearby. There's a self-service laundromat less than a block away. There were also many restaurant choices on Rue Moufftard. We weren't thrilled with the hotel itself although it was very clean and the staff was amiable. The room was very small and the shower was extremely tiny (every time I showered I got water all over the floor). There was a small fridge which was convenient and a few english channels on th tv. We stayed at an Ibis hotel one night in Lyon and enjoyed it much more (much more spacious and comfortable and about half the price)!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Noodle10
<Content>Thanks for the recommendations! Thank you so much! I wouldn't have found Hotel Residence Monge without this website. We stayed for 5 nights in August 2006 and found it to be just as good as all the reviewers before me had said. All the staff couldn't have been more helpful. The room was a good size and absolutely spotless. We went for a room overlooking the park-like Arenes du Lutece which was slightly more expensive than the road facing rooms but worth it as we could have the windows open and listen to birdsong instead of traffic (although all the rooms are double-glazed and airconditioned so if you were in a street-facing room, you probably wouldn't be disturbed.)Julie's continental breakfasts are very good value - 6.50 Euro for a huge pot of coffee, a croissant, lots of bread and selection of jams and cheeses and a yoghurt. We were disappointed the two times that we ate outside the hotel for breakfast so would recommend the hotel breakfast. I have two tips - ask Julie's advice for good restaurants. We had the best meal of our visit at a small restaurant (Jardin D'Ivy) on Rue Mouffetard recommended by Julie - she even gave us a voucher for a free aperitif there.Secondly if you come on Eurostar, the route recommended to me by Julie on the way back, (we found our own way to the hotel but had to negotiate loads of stairs with our suitcases, and trek for miles on Metro interchanges!) is Line 4 from Gard du Nord, changing to Line 10 at Odeon. You get off at Cardinal Lemoine and it is a 5 minute walk to the hotel. (Place Monge Metro station is closer to the hotel but there are many more stairs to navigate!)My only complaint is like another reviewer, the towels, although very clean, are a bit threadbare and could do with being replaced.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Andre_Stabel
<Content>Very good hotel but need new towels The location is good. Near metro station and Rue Moufetard where you can shop for fresh fruits, water, etc. at a small grocery store and have very good restaurants.The room is very clean. Tiny elevator. The only item that should be renewed: the towels are old and even a fabric softner would not work.Wifi access (paid) in the room was very confortable. Sometimes difficult to connect but when connected we could talk with our kids at home with Skipe with no problems.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Malati
<Content>Great value for money, lovely view Me and my husband stayed in a double room on the fourth or fifth floor (can't remember which) facing the back, and the view from our room - a green park with an amphi-theater in it - was wonderful! The room standard was excellent, with the lack of shower curtain being the only negative thing I can think of. When we asked for an extra blanket and sheet - since we don't like sharing that - we immediately got that delivered to our room. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but instead went to the lovely Keyser's bakery (further down on the same street), who surely must have the best pain aux noix in Paris. The Saturday market on Place Monge was also a nearby treasure trove for delicious food. The location of the hotel is extremely convenient for Quartier Latin and - if you don't mind walking - the rest of Paris.Something that might be worth mentioning - although it wasn't a problem for us - is that the stairs and the elevator are very narrow.We will definitely stay in Hotel Residence Monge again!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>B2Travelers
<Content>Excellent Choice for a Paris stay In april we stayed for five nights. The 5th Arr. location is outstanding, easy walk to Notre Dame, Pantheon, Sorbonne areas. A block from Rue Mofftard with varied dining options. Metro at the corner. Rooms had everything we needed and were clean and comfortable. Not large but more than I had expected for the price. Julie was terrific in making suggestions and helping with general information. Would gladly stay again any time...hopefully soon.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KGuadiz
<Content>Very pleased with R. Monge! My husband and I stayed here 4 nights (June 27-July 1) as part of our 1st year anniversary and we were very happy!The Goods:- very clean rooms (especially the bathroom!! This was a really nice surprise)- very helpful, pleasant front desk staff. Julie was awesome!- fridge in room to store drinks, etc.- air-conditioned (very nice!)- quaint, paris-like feel, especially with our little balcony that looked over the Rue Monge (Monge St.)- centrally-located to 3 Metro/subway stations (Place Monge station is closest)- bakeries abound and a few restaurants/cafes in a 2 block radius- VERY yummy restaurants are just 4-6 blocks from the hotel, (towards Notre Dame)- Champion (a supermarket) is across the street (1 1/2 blocks away) for some quick snacks, fruits, etc.The Not-so-Goods:- tiny elevator (fits only 2 people carrying no luggage)- not luxurius by any means - just simple and clean- TV is a 14 with only 1 english-speaking channel (and it was a stock market channel)Overall:If you're on a little bit of a budget but want a clean, simple, good place to stay, stay here! It didn't disappoint us!General comments about our experience in Paris:- expect to do LOTS of walking, esp. if you're taking the Metro- you MUST eat and expect to spend some $$ for food! The French cuisine we had was absolutely delicious!!! We ended up eating out every night for dinner with of course the wine. It was worth it!- slow down and soak in Paris life. Enjoy every moment you're there. We had a blast.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JSO
<Content>Simple and Great I agree with almost everything everyone else has said. I stayed there 2 nights in July 2006 in a second floor double overlooking the street. Absolutely no street noise when the windows were closed. Great AC, nice bathroom, small shower (but great water pressure and temp). Bed was nice and actually a double (not 2 twins put together). Room was standard Paris size, TV had ~10 channels including CNBC europe and BBC world. Julie was great, internet in the lobby for 1 euro, great for checking email and stuff. Didnt try the breakfast, but there are so many bakeries and stuff around. The Rue Moutefard (sp?) has great restaurants and is a great stroll at night for dessert. Monge metro stop is two steps away, Cardinal Lemoine is at the end of the block. Great place to stay if you are looking for a simple, clean, good valued place thats in a great left bank neighborhood.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A really good choice! This hotel was excellent for our purposes - clean, centrally located in a nice neighbourhood, and staffed by friendly and helpful people. Our room faced the back of the building (overlooking the Ar猫nes de Lutece) and was well-equipped with spotless bathroom, fridge and double bed. The hotel is within five minutes' walk of a great selection of bakeries and caf茅s, as well as three metro stations. The sunday market at Place Monge is well worth a visit, and nearby rue Mouffetard and Place de la Contrescarpe have everything you could ask for in terms of restaurants, markets and lovely little bars. Cinephiles will be pleased to find so many cinemas (independent and chain) within walking distance in the Latin Quarter. If you want a plush hotel with a concierge and room service then obviously this place isn't for you, but if you're in Paris to experience the city this is a great budget option!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>B0utiqueTraveller
<Content>Great Service, Servicable Hotel I made a mistake and book this hotel for the wrong month. Since the hotel was full when we arrived Julie, our host, took it upon herself to find us another hotel that was avaible for the length of our stay.It eventuated that we could stay at the Residence Monge for two of the nights we were in Paris, and we were very pleased with what we got.While there is nothing in the hotel to blow you away, it is clean and tidy, the staff were friendly and helpful, and it was reasonably priced. It is also easy to get to via the metro, and was just far enough away from the busy tourist areas that you could retreat to the hotel if you wanted to.If I was going to Paris again I would probably stay closer to the action, but it was perfect for our first time in Paris.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monge vs. Hotel Des Grandes Ecoles       Windows Opening on Rue Monge  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Hotel Monge was nice, but not exceptional. Julie was a pleasant host and the hotel was very clean if a little small. Paris is wonderful, and I guess the hotel room is not as important when you want to spend all of your time checking out the city. I would recommend this hotel but would ask for a room on the top floor or at the arena side with less traffic passing by.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>globalnomad79
<Content>An absolute delight!       Room 11  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good stay true to reviews We stayed at this hotel for five days and it was just as the positive reviews had indicated. The hotel isin a good part of Paris. Rue Monge leads straight to central Paris. There are some beautiful bakeries close by and Julie, the concierge, was always helpful. Of course Paris traffic goes all night but that didn't matter after a while.It was a good honest place to stay. We felt pleased that we had chosen this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkyvw
<Content>Nice Hotel! We stayed at Hotel Monge for 3 nights and were very happy with the accommodations. The rooms were clean and the hotel is close to Rue Mouffetard--(incidentally the Cave de la Bourgogne cafe at 144 Rue Mouffetard was great!). There are friendly cafes nearby and the metro is fairly close. The hotel staff were incredibly helpful. I would absolutely consider this hotel for future stays in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel! No complaints!! I just returned from a five day stay at the Hotel Monge. I decided to stay here based on the reviews I read on this site. I am very happy to have found this hotel. First, it's a great value. Second, it's incredibly clean, and for Paris, the rooms are a decent size. Third, the location is great. Finally, the service is exceptional - even by American standards. Julie is the most helpful, friendly person imaginable. I will definitely stay at the Hotel Monge in the future.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lisa338
<Content>fantastic location In May this year my mother and I did a mother daughter trip to Paris. We stayed a total of 7 days in Paris. Our vacation to Paris was nothing short of fabulous. For both of us this was the second time in Paris, but it was more enchanting than the first.Our experience was highlighted by the Hotel Monge which is in what we consider to be in the best location. We saw Paris by foot (although we used the metro and hop on hop off bus at times). The location of this hotel is fabulous. Make sure you check out the restaurants in Rue Moffetard. Notre Dame is 5 minutes away, the Lourve 15 minutes away, St Germain 5 minutes away. Julie is an absolute delight and helped answer our many questions.Even if I could afford a five star hotel when I next visit Paris I would stay at Hotel Monge. The rooms are very clean and are serviced daily. Their breakfast is fabulous (although I also recommend sitting in the one of the beautiful gardens and eating a bagette and chevre).Whether this is your first visit to Paris or if you are returning for another trip I highly recommend this property.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ktown_1397
<Content>Very happy with Hotel Monge We stayed at the Hotel Monge for 4 nights in May 2006, and found that the Hotel was exactly as expected from having read the reviews on this website; we were very happy with our choice. We were in room 54, which faced the street and had a wonderful little balcony. There was street noise when the balcony doors were open but we loved the view up the street and being able to relax on the balcony with a bottle of wine, and with the balcony doors closed noise was not a problem. We would definitely return to this hotel, we thought it was a great value.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nijedu
<Content>Absolutely Lovely Hotel in a Beautiful City My Husband and I returned yesterday from a wonderful six days in Paris where we stayed at the Hotel Residence Monge. From the first minute of arrival until the time we stepped into the taxi to leave, we could not have been more pleased with this lovely hotel and it's wonderful staff.Julie is an excellent hostess, who suggested delightful restaurants, and answered questions, with a smile. (You should ask for her recommendations)Our Garden view room was immaculate, and the sight of the Roman ampitheater from the window a bonus! We requested a double, with bath, one large bed, and a garden view.Although the room was small, it was a pleasant surprise to find it bigger than expected! The bathroom ~ likewise, bigger than I expected, based on previous descriptions posted on this website. A bonus was the airconditioning, which came in handy with the unexpected heat at the end of last week!We found the small elevator exactly as described, small, but efficient. You should purchase the Metro pass as soon as you can. We purchased a five day pass, which provided us with access to both types of metro (local and RER), as well as the bus system. There is a very close entrance to the metro by the ampitheater ~ left from the front of the hotel and left at the next corner.Our favorite area was Rue Mouffetard, which is a three to five minute walk from the hotel. We spent our last morning walking thru the markets and eating breakfast in one of the outdoor cafes. We spent two wonderful evenings at the Restaurant Le Jardin D'Ivy.Ivy and her husband own this restaurant, and she is the artist responsible for all of the art decorating the walls.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but most tables were full every morning. We preferred to eat breakfast at different spots every day.My husband likes a cup of tea (or two) everynight at bedtime and the staff cheefully provided hot water for him to take to our room. I took a few minutes then to check e-mail. The computer is located in a tiny closet in the reception area; wreless service is not available at this time.This hotel is a jewel, and I definitely recommend it. We would stay here again ~ definitely!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JJBT
<Content>A place to stay Good location, impeccable room, nice staff. Will stay again.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel in a wonderful area! I recently stayed at this hotel for 5days/4nights. It is in a wonderful location in the Latin Quarter and near all the main sites. The metro is a block away or it is a short walk to most sites. Julie and the staff were all very helpful and friendly. We had a triple room and although it was a little tight for space it was adequate. The bathroom was a decent size and it had a tub. It was very clean. We had the breakfast and enjoyed it. It mainly consists of fresh bread, yogurt, and coffee. If you choose to eat outside the hotel there are many choices just around the corner. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I would definetly stay here again.On a different note for Americans. I found everyone in the area to be very friendly and it was easy to get around town on the Metro. I do not speak French. Getting off at the Eurostar train station can be rather hectic and the area around the train station is not very nice at all.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel - great location - PERFECT Paris hotel! Myself, my wife and our 12 year old daughter vacationed in London and Paris in early April, 2006. While in Paris, we stayed at the Hotel Residence Monge for 4 nights based on the glowing reviews here. As usual - TripAdvisor did not let us down. This is a great little hotel located in a charming part of the Latin Quarter. The owners of the hotel could not have been nicer and the room we had (a double bed and a cot with an en suite bath/shower) was clean and comfortable. It was a bit cramped for three people, but smallish rooms are the norm in Europe and besides- how much time are you really going to spend in the room anyway!I was actually impressed by the bathroom - which, although small, was actually a nice size for a Eurpoean hotel. The bathroom had a toilet, sink and a large tub with a shower attachment hooked up to the faucet and no shower curtian (again, the norm in Europe) so you must take care to not soak the entire room when you shower! The hotel does have an elevator, but it is tiny. No more than 2 people (or 1 with a suitcase) could fit in this thing at a time. But again, considering most small hotels in Europe don't even have elevators - it was a plus rather thatn a minus. Just be forewarned if you are obese, have trouble with steps or freak out in small spaces. We paid 120 Euros a night, which was one of the cheapest rates I could find for a triple room after an exhaustive search. I was extremely impressed that the Residence Monge lived up to or exceeded every expectation.The neighborhood is a quiet part of the Latin Quarter - away from the noisy cafes and the vendors. But on the block the hotel is on are THREE bakeries, a bar/'tabac' shop, a small grocery store, a very nice cheese shop and several phone booths (use the calling cards available at any 'Tabac' shop to call back to the states). There is also an ATM right across the street. At the end of the block is a metro stop (Cardinal Lemone) that you can use to connect to anywhere in Paris. We used the metro and the RER trains to get everywhere and I can honestly say there is no better way to get around Paris. We found buying a 'Paris Visite' metro pass was very convienient and got us almost everywhere we wanted to go. The only place the pass didn't cover was our trip to Versallies - but round trip train tickets to Versallies cost only 5 Euros each!One block form the hotel there is a little cafe across from the metro stop called Le Petite Cardinal where we stopped for breakfast - a coffee and croissant for about 4 Euros - as opposed to the 7 Euro hotel breakfast. I had heard the hotel breakfast was very good - but we didn't partake.The Hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Notre Dame and a 5 minute walk from the Panethon. By the way - near the Panethon is a wonderful little area filled with many restaurants, cafes and little shops. We ate our late dinner in this area almost every night. Walk out the hotel, turn right and walk down the street toward the Cardinal Lemone metro stop - at the stop, turn left (crossing Rue Monge) and continue up the hill. At the top of the hill you can turn right to go to the Panethon - or - continue straight for the little square with all the cafes and shops. It's a wonderful little area and we were very glad to have stumbled upon it our first night there.By the way - I had read in Rick Steve's travel book that the Latin Quarter is not what it used to be. That the middle-eastern shops and the gyro vendors had replaced the cafes and the French restaurants. This is TOTAL NONSCENSE! DO NOT BELIEVE IT!Sure, there are gyro places and MIddle-Eastern restaurants - but there are also TONS of creperies, French cafes and restaurants - most with outdoor seating. We found the Latin Quarter wonderful and full of French character and charm.We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again. If you want a clean, comfortable, reasonably-priced place to sleep and shower that is convienent to everything and owned/staffed by friendly, helpful people. Look no further than the Hotel Residence Monge.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient and Clean My husband and I stayed at this hotel after reading the wonderful reviews on this website and after also viewing the pictures posted. We were certainly not disappointed with our choice.Julie was extremely helpful with booking and also responded promptly to emails. She was also friendly and helpful in person.The hotel is conveniently located by the Cardinal Lemoine Metro station although it is also close to the Place Monge station. Would definitely recommend if you are going to do a lot of sightseeing that you buy a Metro Pass as that kept us from waiting in line to purchase tickets every day.Lots of bakeries and patisseries in the area. Would definitely recommend walking down to St. Germain (only a 5 minute walk) and buying a baguette sandwich from one of the vendors. They're excellent and reasonably priced.There is a computer in the lobby that guests are able to use although beware that it is a French keyboard so the keys are all jumbled up. And it is also unable to connect to AOL.The room was great! Large bed. Lots of storage. Television (with CNBC and MTV Germany to name a few channels). Nice clean bathroom with clean towels everyday, although the shower was MINI. You couldn't hear the noise from the street too badly with the windows closed (we were on the first floor facing the street).We didn't eat the breakfast based on the not-so-great reviews here, so we can't comment on that. Although we did find going to the bakery a fun part of our day because we got to try something new and sweet every morning (and cheaply too!).All and all would definitely recommend this hotel to prospective travelers!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elawler147
<Content>Merci Hotel Monge was a great hotel.Thanks again Julie for your kindness.The rooms were fantastic.This hotel and location has to be one of the best for all around Paris location.The rooms were large and very clean.Just a block from several metro stations.Staff was very kind.You made our trip to Paris very pleasent.Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OnTheRoad
<Content>Great Stay At Hotel Monge       Monge Room 66  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at Monge! Me and my boyfriend stayed for 3 nights at Monge and we liked the hotel!Booked a double room facing the street,with bath. Booked the room via email with Julie at the Hotel.She was always very nice, in email communication and at the hotel. Nice, clean room with a double bed and the bathroom was clean, large and newly decorated, great bathtub.We took a taxi from CDG to the Monge, about 43 Euros.And on our departure, the hotel helped us with booking a taxi.We had our breakfast outside the hotel. Very nice neighbourhood, close to Blvd Saint Germain, where you can find lots of cafe's and Brasseries. Cool Roman theatre behind the hotel as well.I can recommend this hotel if you want a clean hotel in a cosy area of Paris!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mnaag04
<Content>It has been a great sejour My husband and I have sojourned there, and loved it. After trying many other hotels in Paris, we have finally found the perfect one. Expect small rooms, even smaller bathrooms, pink decor, but really, really clean ones. Ask for a top floor room, to make sure that you hear as little noise as possible, given that you intend to sleep with your widows open. We enjoyed breakfast in the room, and slept like babies after wondering all day long in the city. I would recommend this hotel to any couple who intends to find a very clean place to sleep, in a very convenient location. If you plan on spending a considerable amount of time in the room, maybe you should try something bigger and pricier, of course.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel - Location, Price, Comfort Rooms: I stayed in two single rooms, both on the 6th floor. Both rooms were clean and comfortable, but the second room was a corner unit and had the space of a standard US hotel room. While I enjoyed my stay in both rooms, the extra space was a great help with my large suitcase. Both rooms faced the street and had terrific views of the street below and the outlaying city. While the street noise can be loud, you can close the windows and the noise isn't a problem. The bathrooms are a bit of a squeeze, so a larger person may not feel comfortable while in the shower. Metro: Metro Cardinal Lemoine is the closest Metro, but also in reasonable walking distance are the Place Monge and Jussieu metro stations. I used all of them frequently. Miscellaneous Info: A laundry and supermarket are only a block away. The hotel has air-conditioning (a MUST in the summer). If you arrive early or your room isn't ready, you can leave your luggage, go look around, and come back. OR you can sit in the lobby (it's comfortable with two chairs and a sofa). For the Late Crowd: The doors are locked at the hotel by 1:00am, but if you ring the night bell, someone will come let you in. Also, you can have guests in your room.I really loved this hotel. This was my second time in Paris, and my first time at the Hotel Residence Monge. The desk staff is truly wonderful - polite and helpful. When they were sold out for two nights of my stay, they gave me their honest opinions of other hotels in the area. I would recommend this hotel for singles and couples.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Buck02131
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Monge based on the reviews here. The service and the rooms were great as advertised. Other extras not mentioned so far were things like keeping our bags for a day a week before we stayed there (we were taking the night train to Briancon) so we could visit a museum, having a computer with an Internet connection in a closet off the lobby which was free for the guests of the hotel, having stamps for postcards back the the United States. We had borrowed a cell phone and Julie's husband entered our recharge code into the phone for us because we had difficulty understanding the very fast French instructions. It seemed every time we asked where to go for some service it was available at the hotel. We didn't have breakfast there because we like to get out among the citizens but it looked very nice.The price was 81 Euros for room 24 which is one of the small ones looking out on the Street. It was quieter than our bedroom at home.Places not to miss nearby are the Place Monge market and the Rue Mouffetard markets.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>christy74
<Content>clean        Spotless ensuite  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeanr
<Content>Another great stay Due to a mix up with bookings, we arrived in Paris with no accommodation booked.We had stayed at Hotel Monge a couple of years ago, and really enjoyed our stay, so decided to see if there was a room available this time.We had a street facing double room on the 5th floor. Everything was just as we remembered, spotlessly clean, and so close to bakeries and the metro. An easy walk to Notre Dame etc. This hotel is really value for money.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lindypc
<Content>A Lovely Stereotype After seeing the wonderful reviews for Residence Monge on Trip Advisor, I booked 2 rooms, one for my son and his wife and one for my husband and myself. Julie, the owner who is at the front desk for probably 16 hours a day was great at answering all our questions via email. Since we were arriving on the Eurostar, she even gave us easy directions to her hotel using the metro. She was a lot of help to us during our stay and she even let us keep our luggage in the lobby under her watchful eye so we could continue to explore Paris before boarding the Eurostar back to London.I have to say that this lovely hotel is a stereotype of what one imagines a quaint little hotel would be in France. The front of the hotel was covered with window boxes full of beautiful pink geraniums. The adorable little lift took us to our rooms that overlooked the street. I have never been in a hotel in the states that had such clean rooms. The bathroom literally sparkled--you could have eaten off the floor. The comfortable beds had lovely floral sheets (never had that before). We even had refrigerators in the rooms that we filled with fabulous and inexpensive wines from the supermarket across the street. Also across the street was a small cafe where we would go for croissants and the most delicious coffee that we have ever tasted! The motel is located in a lovely part of the Latin Quarter, only half a block from the metro. The street is full of little bakeries, restaurants and sandwich shops, all with friendly shopkeepers and fabulous food.Paris was so wonderful that we look forward to returning; we will definitely stay at Hotel Residence Monge again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Homey and Comfortable We stayed at Residence Monge for 5 days on Nov. 10, and I must say, it was what I expected. The room was small but spotless. The bathroom was even smaller, BUT SPOTLESS. I must say, I've never seen a shower that small in my whole life, my wife joked that if you dropped the soap, you can't bend down but you have to pick it up with your feet! haha! It was an experience. Overall though, I was happy with the accomodations and for the price. All the staff were nice, polite and accomodating. Julie, (the owner I think), is really nice and very helpful, she answered all my little touristy concerns with pleasure. Happy to recommend it to all. As for me, at least now I know of a solid, affordable, and reliable place in Paris if I ever do end of in that part of the world again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>catdad
<Content>Hotel Monge lived up to Trip Advisor reviews Six of us just returned from Paris after a 4 nite stay at Hotel Residence Monge. Trip Advisor came through again! The hotel was exactly what we were looking for, and Julie was very helpful and accomodating to our every need. The rooms were immaculately clean, and though a little on the small side, we expected this and it had no bearing on our hotel stay experience. We did have an unfortunate experience upon our arrival in Paris: on our way to the hotel on the Paris Metro, my sister's passport was stolen. We hadn't even been in the city for a half hour when this nightmare occurred. When we got to the hotel, Julie provided us with the telephone number of the US Embassy and told us where we could find the closest police station to file a report. As we arrived on a holiday (Nov 11) the embassy was closed so we had to wait until Monday to get a new one issued. Fortunately, my sister had brought a xerox copy of her passport with her, so I'm sure this helped getting a new passport issued more quickly than normal. Lesson learned...do not travel in a big city without a neck pouch and keep all of your credit cards, drivers license, cash and passport in that pouch! And always, bring a copy of your passport. Regarding the hotel, we couldn't have asked for a cleaner place to stay. We also enjoyed the ambiance of the breakfast room off of the lobby, so we ate there every morning before starting off our day of touring Paris. There is a small room off the lobby that has free internet access, but beware that it does not support AOL, only MSN as far as we could tell. That was the only inconvenience we ran into at the hotel. Also... because we had to stay an extra day in Paris to secure a new passport, 3 of us (out of our party of 6) had to get another room for the night, and Julie was able to get us a triple room (with balcony) for about 50 Euros per person. The room was a little cramped with the extra bed, but we didn't mind, and the bathroom was a little bigger than the double we stayed in the previous 3 nights there. Bottom line...you can't beat the location and the price. It was truly a boutique hotel and exactly what we wanted. We will definitely stay there again, and despite the bad luck with the stolen passport, it will not affect our decision to come back to Paris again someday. Theft can occur anywhere--you just need to be diligent in protecting your valuables whenever you are in a crowd of people, such as in the Paris Metro. And speaking of the Metro, make sure you get a Paris Visite card. You can travel all over Paris on the Metro and busses with one ticket...no fumbling or standing in lines at Metro stations to get a one-way ticket each time you board.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like being home! Since I had never been to a foreign country before, I didn't know what to expect from our hotel. I knew it came highly recommended by reading other reviews. I was pleasantly surprised and I wanted everyone else to know what a cozy, comforting atmosphere it was and especially how completely precious Julie is. She was extremely accommodating, knowledgeable, courteous and personable. I truly felt right at home in the un-hotel-like setting. The rooms were small, but comfortable - (the beautiful flowered sheets were a nice touch!). The entire hotel was spotless and the continental breakfast was second to none. I definitely know where I'll stay next time I'm in Paris!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carmonle
<Content>Good experience at the Hotel Residence Monge We just came back from our first trip to Paris and stayed at Hotel Residence Monge on the strength of the recommendations that we read on this forum. We had a room on the 4th floor facing the Arenes de Lutece (not the street) and it was very quiet and comfortable.Our stay was for 9 nights. Not being familiar with Paris at all, I was pleasantly surprised at how centrally located the hotel is. It is between 2 metro lines (7 and 10), a 10 minute walk from Boulevard St. Michel and Notre Dame, also close to the Pantheon. We walked back to the hotel many times rather than taking a bus (the 47 bus runs down Rue Monge) or the metro.The room was adequately sized for a 2-star hotel. Very clean and neat. We had no trouble getting extra towels when we requested them. Julie's English is very good and she was always very polite and willing to answer any questions.I would certainly recommend this hotel to people and would consider staying there again.Eran  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JandJ27
<Content>Cosy room, great location, awesome price Was just cleaning up my favourites folder and found my link to the Hotel Residence Monge and thought I should post a review on how amazing the place was. My stay was a year ago and I am still impressed with the place!Excellent hotel, especially for the price. Our room with private ensuite was divine. The balcony was also a fabulous touch to the room as we could open out the doors after a day out walking around Paris and relax. Great markets, shops and sights quite close to the hotel, along with the Metro station. The owner (I think her name was Julie) was really helpful and nice + she spoke English, which really helped us as were were one of those yes, no, thank you French speaking tourists. We stayed at an expensive apartment on our last trip and I'd have to say that this was a much better accommodation option. We will definitely stay again!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ellonway
<Content>Le Quartier Latin en Automne       Room with a view  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it !! My wife and I just returned from 12 days in France. For the last 4 nites we stayed at the Hotel Monge. It was great. Staff very helpful with tour info, airport pickup, restaurants and local transportation (Metro, RER). Rooms are like new with full private bath. Comfortable beds, private TV, phone  computer hookup and A/C. Elevator served building. We were on the 4th. floor with a great view of the street. We would definitely return here again during another trip to France.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mlred99
<Content>Good value, with basic accomodations       Our room #44  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bicentennial_baby
<Content>An excellent stay with Julie and Co. at Hotel Monge! Just spent 6 nights at Hotel Monge, and it was great! After being in another hotel for 2 weeks where my room was only cleaned once in 2 weeks, my move to Hotel Monge was a refreshing change! The room was small, but very clean, and cleaned every morning that I was there. Good shower! From my 7th floor room facing the street, I had a lovely view of Notre Dame's towers, and I enjoyed my little balcony very much! As other's have said, the hotel is a stone's throw from 2 Metro stops, as well as a quick 10 min. walk from Blvd. St. Germain. If you like tv, they have BBC World, as well as a selection of French channels, and Mtv Germany. Julie was wonderful, very pleasant and helpful. My shuttle to the airport two days ago was arranged quickly and with no problems. Next time I'm in Paris, I will definitely stay at Hotel Monge. :)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Franceisfine
<Content>Hotel Monge a great choice! Our family of 4 just spent 3 nights at Hotel Monge. We had 2 twin rooms overlooking the street but they were very quiet. Location is excellent  close to everything. Julie was always friendly  helpful. Rooms were super clean  beds were comfy. It was a great choice. Thank you to all previous posts for helping us choose this wonderful Paris hotel. Hope to return  we'll certainly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Manchego
<Content>Wonderful find in Great Location! This hotel is a gem! I was traveling alone and found Hotel Residence Monge on Trip Advisor. It was perfect! The location is great and the rooms are SO clean!!! Be aware that the rooms are on the small side, but everything is spotless. In addition to the wonderful rooms and atmosphere, the staff is great. Julie, the woman who works at the front desk everyday, actually let me speak French! (She also speaks English very well like everyone else in Paris.) I would return to Hotel Residence Monge in a heartbeat alone or with company!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location and Great Price This was my third visit to Paris, my third stay at Hotel Residence Monge and my first review of this hotel. It's wonderfully located in the 6th District and minutes away from Notre-Dame, the Seine River and Rue Mouffetard with dozens of great shops and cafes. Their are two Metro stations (Cardinal Lemoine and Place Monge) steps away from the hotel, so it's easy getting to other parts of the city. Although located on a major street the double glazed windows do keep all the traffic noise out, but it鈥檚 not too busy of a street to be concerned about. Most traffic is tiny French cars off to work in the morning as most Parisians walk or take a scooter to work. Do not order the breakfasts at the hotel 鈥?it caters more to silly Americans who come to Paris to eat at McDonalds. There are great bakeries all around the hotel, so bring something back to your room or go out to eat. It will be cheaper too. Rue Mouffetard is where we had coffee and croissants each morning for breakfast. There is a great outdoor market three days a week outside the main entrance to Metro Place Monge - ask the Hotel Desk for the dates. The hotel rooms are tiny, towels are rough and scratchy and elevator a bit closterphobic. But the bed linens are clean, the bathroom spotless and there is enough room for you to put down all your shopping bags from a day of shopping. Julie the woman working at the desk (I believe she is the owner/manager) is a bit cold at first contact, but she does a wonderful job keeping the riff raff away, making any reservations upon request and giving you detailed directions to any part of the city. So when in Paris it鈥檚 more important to spend more money on your meals, clothes and entertaining. This hotel is a great deal. Enjoy Paris.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>htc001
<Content>Cute, Clean, great service         
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>desieurojunkie
<Content>close to metro Small hotel located less than a block away from the metro. Friendly staff;Well run by the proprietress. Tiniest elevator I ever saw! we esp liked our room which faced the amphitheater at the back (we paid a few euros more but it was worth it). pricey breakfast not worth the cost. Lots of eateries closeby.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pequot
<Content>Hotel Monge: Excellent value, location, service               
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was clean, clean, clean. My fiance and I stayed at Hotel Monge this past November. Seeing all the rave reviews on this site from others, we had pretty high expectations. On arrival, all expectations were met. Everything was clean, clean, clean. A great little hotel for a great value. For comparison, we stayed as Hotel des Arenes right next door on our last day (due to scheduling problems). They charged a slightly cheaper rate than Hotel Monge (they openly criticized Julie for charging so much for a two-star) but the place was a dump. The guy at the front desk (Mr. Sallah) was sleazy-cheesy. We're sticking with Hotel Residence Monge next time.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good visit This was a great hotel to stay at. It was centrally located, the breakfast was good and the rooms were comfortable. One of the best parts was the park behind the hotel where we enjoyed watching kids play and enjoyed french dessert on a sunny afternoon. We would defintly go back again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely friendly hotel We enjoyed our stay at residence Monge very much. The staff were very helpful and friendly and recommended a wonderful french resturant very close by. Magnificent food and not too expensive. The rooms are lovely our only complaint would be the noisy water pipes occasionally but that may have only been our room. The location was great...very close to the railway station Monge and very safe area. Would MOST DEFINITELY stay there again and recommend it to our friends. Lovely little bakery just down the street for bfast or lunch. Try the eclairs!! Jo and John,Hurstbridge, Melb, Australia  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Terrific Experience We stayed at the Hotel Residence Monge in May 2005, a friendly, spotlessly clean, two star hotel on Rue Monge that is perfect for anyone who wants a small tourist hotel at excellent value. We had a very pleasant room facing the Roman arena behind the hotel and one of the great pleasures of our stay was looking out the window onto trees and listening to the birds - very quiet and peaceful. The room (#31) was large by Paris standards with two small beds, a wardrobe and dresser as well as a small alcove with a large chair and a place to put luggage. The bathroom was simple (bring your own facecloth) but perfectly adequate and extremely clean. The continental breakfast was reasonable (6,50E) and an excellent start to the morning. We were only a block from the Rue de Mouffetard and Place Contrascarpe while Luxembourg Gardens, Pantheon, St. Michel and Notre Dame were all within easy walking distance. We used the metro (Place Monge stop is 50 metres from the hotel) to get to other sights. The value, at 109E per night was unbeatable. Many of the guests were regulars, and we'll be back to join them next time we're in Paris.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little budget hotel I just returned from Paris and my friends any I loved this little hotel. Julie is such a sweetie. I preferred the rooms on the arena side as it was so quiet you could hear the birds chirping and no traffic noise. Granted the rooms are small but ours were spotless, and I don't spend much time in my room when I'm in Paris! There are boulangeries and restaurants very close. I even saw a laundromat a block away. The hotel is easy walking distance to the Seine and most Paris attractions.Of course the Metro stops:Monge and Cardinal Lemoine are a few meters away.The little elevator is darling which really was great as some 2 star hotels we stayed in other cities did not have one. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! This was my second time in Paris so I already knew I wanted to stay in the Latin Quarter...it's young, lively, and there are lots of restaurants and shops. My boyfriend and I went for 4 days. This hotel was the perfect location...a block from one of the main strips of nightlife, but enough distance that noise was not an issue. It was also only a couple blocks from 2 metro stops which was very convenient and easy walking to some major sites like Notre Dame and Saint Chapelle. The room was nothing close to fancy, but very clean and well maintained each day. It was nice to come back to after walking around all day but nothing I'd want to spend anytime in, which was fine for a trip to Paris. For the price though (~$100/night), it was just what I was looking for and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>networker
<Content>Two magic days at the Hotel Residence Monge. My husband  I are just back from Paris, having spent two wonderful April days at L'Hotel Residence Monge, 55, Rue Monge, Paris 5. I booked the room in January by email (www.hotel-monge@wanadoo.fr)directly with the hotel. It was terrific value at 100 euro per night. We asked for a room at the back overlooking the Arenes De Lutece  were given a room meant for three people on the fourth floor. We had a lovely view from our window  woke to wonderful bird song each morning. The room was spotless,pleasantly decorated, warm  comfortable  our ensuite bathroom was spacious  sparkling clean with white, soft, fluffy towels. The only drawback would be for people who like to have a good shower because the shower was only a handheld one over the bath. Perhaps one could specify if a shower was needed instead of a bath. We asked Madame Julie for two extra pillows  were given them immediatly with a friendly smile. We found Julie to be most professional  helpful. We only had to go to the desk to ask about anything we needed to know and we were given the information straight away, always with a pleasant, friendly attitude. I spoke French to her but I noticed that her English was excellent. She even helped us to carry our bags out to the taxi when we were leaving! We had breakfast in the hotel on both mornings, yoghurt, fruit  cheese as well as croissants and warm bread. My husband is coeliac  needs to eat glutenfree bread, which we were able to buy in a Naturalia shop across the road.The patron who serves breakfast, heated it in the oven for him each morning. There are two metro stations very closeby  the Rue Mouffetard, full of atmosphere  good restaurants is just round the corner. The Institut Du Monde Arabe, from the nineth floor of which you can see practically all of Paris(for free unless you want to sit at a rooftop table  have a coffee) is a very short walking distance away. I can't wait to return to Paris, for a longer stay next time  I will definitely stay at L'hotel Residence Monge.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unhitchedtrailers
<Content>enjoyed my stay at the Monge Based on the glowing reviews of the hotel on this website, I booked a single room for 5 nights in late March. I was not disappointed. I had a room on the top floor facing the street. Although small by American standards, the room was spotless, had a huge  comfy bed, and--a real bonus for a first-time visitor to Paris--a small balcony. Julie at the front desk was very pleasant; her English is perfect and her memory even better! The room also had the added advantage of a small fridge, so I could stock up on water and snacks from the grocery store just up the street on Rue Monge. Add its proximity to rue Mouffetard, two nearby metro stops, and several fine cafes and you have one hell of a bargain for 75 euro a night!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit over-rated Me and my girlfriend stayed a week in March 2005. The two pros of the hotel is the location (30m from the far-end-gate of the Place Monge metro station) and that it was clean. The cons were that the room we spent the first 4 nights was the smallest I've ever seen at a hotel (3m X 2,50m) so that 2 persons could not move around at the same time (the one should be sitting on the bed) with an equally tiny shower-WC (2m X 1m). The second room we were moved for the rest of our stay was a little better (because it was for 3 persons actually), overlooking an old arena wich was prettier than the street view we had before. The above mentioned along with the worn towels, a cigarette-burn hole on the bed cover and the chiped bath-tub enamel, gave us the impression that we were paying much more than we should have (鈧?7 without breakfast). Finally, the breakfast we paid an extra 鈧? per person, was poor compared to the one our friends in another 2 star hotel were having at the same period. Overall, I think the reviews that I read before the trip, in order to book the hotel, overstated the positive sides (qualitywise).  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ringmer
<Content>Loved the hotel, great location       View from side window of bedroom  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice for the price We had a room with a view of the Arenes, for just 84 euros. It was one of the larger rooms we've had in this price range and had good light during the day. Plenty of storage and a spacious, bright bathroom. The most exciting thing about it for me, though, was the view. I had chills down my spine whenever I looked out at the old Roman Arena.The neighborhood, while not my favorite in Paris, has lots of amenities. You're close to Place Contrescarpe and the rue Mouffetard market, as well as the Place Monge and Place Maubert markets. There are a few cute shops in the quartier, but mostly, this is where workaday Paris meets tourist Paris.The staff is accomodating, but we did have a slight problem. We had used American Express to reserve the room, but it turns out that the Hotel does not accept Am Ex as payment! So we had to do some quick thinking to figure out which other credit card we could use (we had done quite a bit of shopping and run up the Visa a bit during our stay). It all worked out okay, but I think they should have notified us when they confirmed the reservation that Am Ex would not be accepted at check out (or why even accept it at all at the confirmation stage?).  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Residence Monge perfect for us My family (my wife, myself, and our 7-month old son) stayed at Hotel Residence Monge for 4 days in February and absolutely loved it. The hotel was very clean, the linens were fresh everyday (which is not a guarantee in Paris hotels in the 100 euro range), the staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly, and the location was perfect. Our room overlooked the Arenes de Lutece (the hotel is literally next to the arena itself), and we were able to walk to Rue Mouffetard for dinner late in the evening. The hotel is not located in a touristy area, so it was quiet and a nice, comfortable walk to the tourist sections of the Latin Quarter. There are a couple of phenominal patisseries right near the hotel, and a good breton-style creperie across the street. There was also a small cafe (very friendly) across the street that offered excellent cafe creme and a croissant for 2e 50, which is how we started our day. From the hotel there are two Metro stations very close by (Place Monge and Cardinal Lemoine), so getting around by Metro is easy. The hotel is also close to the Place Monge public market, which was a nice taste of real Parisian life.The room was decent-sized, and the bathroom was actually quite spacious for a Paris hotel - we had a full-sized tub with a shower wand, which was quite ample for us. The room was not particularly charming, but it was clean and comfortable, which is exactly what we expected for the price. The price quoted was the price we paid at checkout, and we were extremely satisfied. The only downside was the walls were a bit thin, but nothing unusual for a Paris hotel.Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a good place to land in the evenings that is safe, clean, quiet, and comfortable. A great launching point to enjoy the incredible city.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shandy40
<Content>Good Price and Location We spent nearly a week in this and chose it based on previous reviews I had read on this site. Have to agree with other reviewers that this hotel is good value for its price and was also happy with its location. The Metro was very close and the Quartier Latin around the corner and still within walking distance of the Marais or St. Germain. Our room was small as we had expected but was well furnished and everything was very clean. The second room we had for our three children was bigger and had a full size bathroom with bathtub. Both rooms had small balconies overlooking the street. It is perhaps worth considering paying a little bit extra for a larger room, especially as the price for the hotel is very reasonable anyway. There were bar fridges and I noticed that they had what appeared to be good air conditioning units in both room, being winter it wasn't necessary to try them out. The only thing I was disappointed in us was the friendliness aspect. One of the main reasons I chose this hotel over others was the number of reviews which commented on how friendly the staff were. During the week we were there, the woman at the front desk whom I believe was the owner or at least manager, was courteous but hardly friendly. We never saw her smile once. She was helpful if asked something but we felt as though we were imposing on her when we did ask a question. This was the only place we stayed at during this holiday (having stayed at over 12 different places) where we didn't feel particularly welcome. Regardless of this, I would still recommend the hotel for its price and position.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service staff We stayed at this nice little hotel over the New Years holiday. It was in a pretty good location close to the metro, and the price was excellent for Paris. You can walk about 10 minutes and be on St. Germaine blvd where it's quite lively.The hotel is quaint and clean, and the lady at the front desk is a sweetie. The entire staff was very polite and pleasant. The cleaning lady even brought me tea when I was sick with food poisoning! (not from the hotel) It was really nice to get good service in Paris when a lot of the customer service people in Paris were really rude (like at LV). The hotel staff really made my stay more pleasant.In terms of the room, it's small, but the bed was good size. The pillows were also kind of flat for me. We had a room with just the showering stall and not the full tub. If you are not small sized, I would recommend you get the bathroom with the tub. The elevator is also tiny. If you have luggage, push the luggage in first and then go in yourself, as we've learned. It fits about 3 people no luggage, or one person with big luggage.The nice thing was that there was a fridge, and we were able to get fresh cheeses and butter, to go with the fresh bagettes from the neighborhood. All in all, it was a pleasant little hotel in a safe and authentic part of Paris at a good price. Definately would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blimpie71
<Content>Great value and location To be honest, I was a little disappointed when I first saw our room--very small and not too charming, but it was very clean. But once you discover the beautiful city you're in, the room really doesn't matter. For the money though (we paid 100 Euros over New Year's), this hotel is perfect. The Metro is right around the corner. Breakfast was decent value at 6.50 Euros and included warm croissant, baguette, coffee and yogurt. If other guests are noisy in the hallways, you'll definitely hear it and you might feel the Metro rumble underneath. The shower head wasn't attached to the wall, so you either have to have a bath or hold the shower head in your hand while you shower. I found having a bath to be a warmer, easier option! Overall, for a small, moderately-priced hotel, the Monge is a great choice.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>velureroholt
<Content>Quaint Pros:-Value for money-Friendly and helpful staff-Clean-Located in the Latin Quarter-Not too noisy from the street, and could only hear noise from the hall way, not other rooms.-Decent area for runners and the University nearby has a fitness facility for a fee.Cons:-Small room and tiny shower-No electric kettle in room.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monge - we now know a lovely little hotel in Paris! We have just got back from our weekend in Paris, and were really pleased with the Hotel Monge. The staff are pleasant and efficient - we didn't see much of them as everything was fine!Our room was spotlessly clean, warm, and comfortable, and tastefully decorated. It overlooked a busy street, but the double glazing eliminated most of the street noise.You pay 6.50 euros extra for the breakfast, and although you might get your cafe and croissant slightly cheaper in the local cafes, if breakfast is a must, we would recommend that you have breakfast at the hotel.The hotel is in a nice part of Paris, within walking distance of the Quartier Latin and the Ile de la Cite, but not overrun with tourists - on the Sunday morning you got the feeling that it was somewhere people lived. There are lots of good restaurants on the rue Mouffetard, just a few minutes walk from the hotel, so you do not need to go on a long trek to find your evening meal when you are already tired from a day's sightseeing. Next time we go to Paris, we will probably stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Room and Good Location My family and I stayed at the Hotel Monge for 3 days and nights in late November 2004. We had 2 street facing rooms which were priced at an excellent rate. The rooms were lovely, spacious and very clean. In our double room, we had an large bathroom with a giant soaking tub, fabulous for a hot bath at the end of a long day on your feet.We did not have breakfast at the hotel but instead frequented the many bakeries and cafes up and down the street.The lift was small but fine for moving luggage. One plus was the small fridge in each room which was great for storing drinks and snacks.The street traffic was noisy but tolerable when windows were kept sealed, I would request a rear facing room in warmer weather if you want to keep the windows open.Our only problem was with guests smoking in the halls, on 2 nights we had to stuff towels around the door to keep the smell of smoke out of the room.I would recommend this hotel for the value and extremely clean rooms.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamsaraCambridge
<Content>Wonderful Gem! I stayed at the Residence Monge for 4 nights at the end of November, just returned home last night. I booked about 2 weeks before my trip via email based on an article in the New York Times, reviews from this site, and a recommendation from another hotel, and it was a superb experience. Our double room was spotlessly clean, and the bathroom had an attached bath with a hand shower. The sheets were changed daily, and the bed was firm and comfortable. The staff the front desk spoke English (if that is a consideration for you), were polite, helpful, and kind. And best of all, the location is unbeatable, right in the heart of the Left Bank on rue Monge, which is a wonderful street. I made friends with the woman who runs Arene's cafe (two minutes away) on the way to the Cardinal Lemoine Metro. There are boulangeries, a grocery store, and restaurants (try the Vietnamese place up the street on 80 rue Monge for a delicious, cheap meal frequented by locals and students). And the Metro is a heart beat away. You can also walk to the Pantheon, the Institute du monde Arabe, the Paris Mosque (which has an incredible Moroccan/Tunisian restaurant, our best meal in Paris), Notre Dame, Odean, the list is endless. Stay at this place. I will definitely return there. Great value for money, and a very good experience.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unexpected gem Have stayed in many 2-3 star places in Paris over the last 20 years. Unlike all the others, this is one I would definitely return to. We stayed 3 nights in November 2004.The hotel was very clean and quiet (windows are double glazed) and we did not experience a problem with noise inside the building. Compared to other similarly graded Paris hotels, breakfasts were excellent value - substantial and served promptly. The room and bathroom were of adequate size and also had a balcony. Bed was comfortable, water pressure excellent.The location was great in terms of being able to walk to many destinations and also for the metro.This would be my hotel of choice on the left bank in this price range.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value but you get what you pay for My wife and I did a 2 week of tour of Europe with stops in London, Rome, Florence, Venice and finally Paris. After reading the reviews here, we decided to book 3 nights at this hotel. Here are the pluses and minuses:Pluses- Good rate for Paris (92Euro/night); close to metro stops (we got around most part of Paris either by hopping on the #7 at Place Monge station down the street or #10 at Cardinal Lemoine up the street); plenty of bakeries, restaurants, and groceries stores around; relatively safe part of town; friendly staff; clean room and good housekeeping service.Minuses- Room, elevator, bathroom, shower stall, and even tv were very small (granted we only slept in the room at night but it's a bit trying to have to climb over your suitcase to get from one side of the room to the other. Definitely not for the claustrophobic); old and musty smelling towels; air unit didn't work; you have to turn your key in to the front desk when you go out and retrieve it when you come back (a hassle if you need to go in and out frequently); very thin walls and door (we could plainly hear all our neighbors in the hallway and in adjacent rooms. Bring your earplugs if you're a light sleeper like me); inexplicable phone charges (we were told that it costs .50 Euro for 5 min local calls. We placed 3 brief local calls for a total of about 5 minutes and were charged 5.20Euro. We were late for our flight so did not dispute).Overall, this hotel, with the exception of the one we stayed at in London, was the worse one during our travel. Granted we had to pay more for the better ones. I would look around for a better one before staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greg-davis
<Content>Excellent value Following the reviews on this site I booked 5-days at the Hotel Residence Monge October 2 - 7, 2004. My room was a small double room on the 6th floor. Included was a tiny balcony to step out for fresh air and check the weather. The room was very small, but also very clean. I was very happy with my choice and will happily stay there again. Bonus amenities include the mini bar fridge that you can use for your own items. As stated in another review the towels were not new, but usable. As a contact lens wearer it is much better to not have all the lint of new towels for me anyway.I had the breakfast on my final day and while simple it was a good value. Coffee, Tea or Hot Chocolate, yogurt, cheese, croissants, and polite service. Other days I picked up something at a grocery store or patisserie since I was always on the go.The staff was great, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. One benefit I found unrelated to the hotel was a free wireless internet connection in my room. At the time of my stay there was someone with an open WIFI signal that I used in the room. It appeared to be a group that intended to allow open access.Another item of note is that there are two entrances/exits for the Place Monge metro station. The stairs at the Place Monge square are a couple of blocks from the hotel. The stairs for the other exit are a couple doors down the street from the hotel. On a wet day this difference would be important to realize.I used Airport Connection for my trip from the hotel to CDG. They arrived exactly on time, and drove me in a nice VW van to the airport. The driver was very polite and helpful. ----------------------  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mark_canada
<Content>Fantastic place! Residence Monge is a great place. We stayed 3 nights in October 2004, and the reviews on this site described the place perfectly. It is very cute, comfortable and clean, although the rooms are quite small. Don't worry though, you won't be spending much time in the room!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great value! Loved the Monge!       Looking up at our 6th floor room from the street  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An absolute jewel. Immaculate, wonderfully located, personnel friendly, kind and helpful, a better bargain not to be found in Paris, truly a jewel.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First-Rate Everything!       Hotel Residence Monge, Paris, 5th  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What More Can Be Said? My spouse and I just returned from a 5-night stay at this hotel. We loved it and echo all the excellent ratings given by others.The room was large, very bright and extremely clean. We paid 100 euros a night (posted rate in the room was 130 euros). A modern bathroom with a nice deep bathtub--handshower tho'--no stand-up shower. No problem for us. But perhaps this, the lack of coffee-maker, clock, iron in the room (there is a laundry room) and absence of fulltime restaurant explain the 2-star rating. But to us, it seemed more 3-4 star. We were gone all day and it was a wonderful place to return to at night.This hotel is within very easy walking distance of all the major sights--10 minutes or so to Notre Dame. Still, it is only a 100 metres or so away from two subway stops. Great cafes and restaurants in the area.We will highly recommend this hotel to all of our friends and family--and to you-- and hope to return again someday!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Clean! Booked via e-mail, paid 95 euro per night in a double room without breakfast. Hotel is really superclean, very nice and the helpful staff is very friendly. We loved our little street-facing room (the very good windows kept the noise outside) even though it was on the small side, as well as the bathroom and the shower cabin (overweight people will have problems to take a shower in there!) There is a minibar, a TV and a/c.-The neighbourhood is very french, the two metro lines Nr. 7 and 10 very convenient.-The amphitheatre is perfect for a nice picknic. -Don't miss the little farmers-market on sundays on Place Monge. We'll definitely stay there again :-)  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JM
<Content>Simply Great Hotel Monge! We booked via email and stayed for 5 nights in a twin bed room with view over the roman amphitheatre last March and experienced a great hotel, highly recommended, more so at the price (about 100 euros a night). The room was large, extremely clean and silent, with a nice and modern bathroom. Excellent central heating. The breakfast was very good although there are great bakeries next to the Hotel. The location is central between two Metro stops and very near the Notre Dame. We walked all over Paris. The minor downsides: you must be careful with the water during the shower as there is no curtain, the small elevator and too soft pillows. I will come back to this nice family owned Hotel on the next tip to lovely Paris, for sure!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>honeybee
<Content>Great value and location couldn't be better! We stayed at the Hotel Monge for a week in early July. We couldn't have been more pleased. We had a twin room in back with a view of the amphitheatre. It was very quiet, the AC worked wonderfully and with a room in back we had a bath with hand shower. The bathroom had plenty of room and the room itself seemed to be the largest on the floor. We couldn't have been happier. We used the mini bar to store cool drinks and yogurts and puddings for breakfast as 6 Euro was a bit pricey to pay to eat in the hotel, but there were many bakeries and small cafes in the neighbourhood to choose from. The hotel was between 2 metro stops and within walking distance of everything. We would take the metro out to our destination in the morning and walk back to the hotel in the afternoon. From the Eiffel Tower to the hotel is a leisurley walk, done in well under an hour. The only down side would be the TV had only 2 english channels, BBC world news and Fashion TV. All in all the hotel offered the best value for location and amenities. We highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find in Paris Stayed at Hotel Monge in late July. I loved this place. The staff is so friendly and helpful; you should feel very comfortable speaking english here. Other things: Great neighborhood feel, Metro stop is Monge, rooms have A/C and mini bar, and there's also an elevator. Don't miss the farmers market at the metro stop and the roman ampitheater behind the hotel. Avoid 6th floor rooms which are hot in summer. Also try the Iron Bell (Irish Pub) in the neighborhood. This hotel is a terrific value for Paris.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place for price. I stayed at Hotel Residence Monge over spring break with my mom. It's a great place. Julie was very friendly and was always willing to help, and there are several fine places to eat dinner or grab a quick baguette on your way to the metro. It's ideally located between the 7 and 10 line. For the price, you couldn't ask for more, clean rooms, fresh linens, and accomodating service. Sure the rooms are somewhat small, but it's Paris, who cares; I mean how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room?!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent value As other reviewers have said, this is a friendly, very clean, conveniently located - i could see the towers of Notre Dame from my 6th floor room - excellent value hotel. The rooms are smallish, if you are a bit wide you may struggle with the showers - i am over 6ft tall but skinny and had no problem - and the lift can only really take two people at a time. the air conditioning made a big difference - the day time temperature was over 30C. I would very happily return - at this price it really is excellent value.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect hotel We stayed at the Monge in June 2004. It was every bit as good as the previous reviewers have said. We have two more details regarding location that we think are important. First, the Monge backs on to the Arenes de Lutece, an ancient Roman arena that was uncovered in the middle of the 19th century and was almost paved over for a bus station. Instead, thanks to neighborhood protesters, it was excavated and turned into a local gathering place. If you pay a few euros extra and have a room in the back, you can watch people playing boules or soccer, or a bunch of decorous young people enjoying an early-evening get-together with wine and snacks. Or you can go downstairs and wander around the beautiful gardens on the upper level, or simply sit on one of the arena steps or a garden bench and read the newspaper. Of course, you can watch the boules and soccer players without paying extra, and I wouldn't be surprised if you could join them.Second, if you walk not toward Mouffetard but in the other direction, you soon come to the Jardin des Plantes. This is not only an entrancing botanical garden but the site of the excellent Museum of Natural History (and other scientific establishments). Just before you arrive at the Jardin des Plantes, you come to the mosque, which has a restaurant and tea-house with marvelous food and North African pastries.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monge- a treasure We loved this hotel. The location was great, it was extremely clean and the room was very quiet. The Room was small but who cares? You don't come to Paris to sit in the room. There are lots of great cafes and restaurants on the Rue Moufettard and it is an easy walk to the Seine and all the sights there. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FarAwayTraveler
<Content>Can't beat the Monge at this price We had a great stay at the Hotel Monge. For under 100 Euros you really can't beat it. The location is excellent, between two metro stops (they are doing some work on the 7 line but they only shut that stop after 8:30PM during construction). Rue Mouffetard is only 2 minutes away and it's wonderful. The walk to Notre Dame is about 10 minutes. We used the metro/RER to and from CDG airport. Be aware that when switching from the Metro to the RER you have to walk a few hundred meters. A rolling duffell is advisable.The room was small as expected. With the windows shut you cannot hear street noise. Believe me there are lots of motor scooters at all hours! We were able to use the air conditioner and set it at a normal room temperature. Complete bliss. The bathroom was clean but the showerhead was difficult to manage It didn't want to stay in place. Not much of a complaint. Breakfast consists of baguette and croissant with butter or jam or fromage and yoghurt. The hot chocolate was great. Do not expect omlettes or hot foods. Spend a full day at the Louvre. Spend another at the Orsay. My favorite experience was visiting Saint Chapel. Everyone goes to Notre Dame but walk an extra 2 minutes to see the finest stained glass in the world.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! I recently stayed at Hotel Monge and selected it based upon reviews I read here.What I liked most about the hotel is that it was clean, newly renovated, and had a good location in the Latin Quarter, just a short walk from Notre Dame.Yes, the room is small and the bathroom and shower are even smaller, but I appreciate the cleanliness and the new tiles...the size isn't too important to me vs. the cleanliness. If you are a tall or large person, the shower may be too tight for you because it's very narrow. I'm only 5 ft tall and it was tight for me.Julie was nice and helpful in hailing taxis and giving directions. Another nice plus is being able to make international phone calls directly with a calling card and no extra charge.The neighborhood was pleasant and seemed more residential than touristy. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, but enjoyed delicious croissants at a bakery down the street by the Cardinal Lemoine Metro Stop.It's convenient to be near two Metro stops since one of our stops was closed one evening so that gave us a second route to return on.I don't know why this hotel only received a 2 star rating because it should definitely be a 3 star. Two weaknesses, but not that important: the bathroom towels are extremely thin and the tv only has a few stations.I would be happy to stay at the Hotel Monge again in the future and gladly recommend it to anyone--the room rate is excellent for what you get.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mannyr8
<Content>Good Hotel and location We stayed for a few days in April and had a wonderful stay. Julie was super helpful and made us feel very welcome. She is a tireless worker! We had two rooms for a family of four - 2 adults and 2 children - 10 and 13 years old but received a discount. The location was great, just 10 minutes from Notre Dame and many restaurants and stores. Definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lanai
<Content>My "Cosy Nest" on the Left Bank I recently returned from a week's stay at Hotel Residence Monge (March 2004). I first heard about The Monge at a European travel seminar about a year before our trip. It never gets a mention in any of the guide books, but the seminar leaders raved about the cleanliness, convenience and location. I was curious and skeptical. While doing some research online, I found this site and decided to see how well it rated. Quite highly! And I agree. This was our first trip to Europe and we are a budget travelers, as in, not backpackers or luxury seekers. This cosy nest of a 2-Star fit our needs perfectly. My family (2 sisters and a nephew) and I reserved 2 twin-bed rooms. We found them clean, comfortable and a good size by Parisian standards. The bathrooms were sparkling clean and seemed very new. There was no shower curtin but I made out OK without one. Breakfast is not included, but is reasonably priced, convenient, and delicious. You get acroissant, petite breads, butter, jam, cheeses, yogurt and your choice of coffee, tea, or the most fabulous hot chocolate ever. Julie, the owner/manager, was very helpful and efficient -- calling taxis and recommending restaurants and outings, etc. She is always cleaning, perhaps bit obsessively. Warning: there is a minibar stocked with cold drinks, but there is no eating allowed in the rooms!. You are welcome to use the breakfast room for indoor picnics. It was a good value and we plan to be among the many repeat guests  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Monge! We selected Hotel Monge based on a personal recommendation, as well as by reading all of the reviews on TripAdvisor. We loved the location--very easy access to 2 metro stops and within walking distance of Notre Dame, Rue Mouffetard, and many shops and bakeries among other sights. We loved the area surrounding the hotel! Julie, the owner was very pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was fine--really all you needed to get the day started---bread, cheese, hot croissants, and hot chocolate. The room was very clean, but really much smaller than I had imagined--I was expecting small, just not this small, and we had a room facing the Arena in the rear. We did find it necessary to wear earplugs to bed on some nights though, because the walls were so thin--you could hear everything. Overall, the hotel was really all we needed while in Paris---after all, we didn't go to Paris to stay in our hotel room.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Monge Just got back from my second stay at the Hotel Monge. Very convenient location, very clean, affordable, and Julie is great. There will never be a question as to where I stay for future trips. (Unless I win the lottery - then it is the Ritz all the way!)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best wonderfull and clean and friendly and julie was very nice. we loved it, beth and monte  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I expected Having never been outside the US before, I was a little leary of what an average hotel room in France would be. Hotel Monge, once a 3-star hotel and now a 2-star hotel, more than fit all of my needs. Let's face it, if you're a first-time tourist in Paris you won't need much more than a bed to sleep in and a place to bathe. That's exactly what there was. The room was about the size I expected, the bathroom was larger than I expected with a large bathtub and the rooms were always clean. The hotel lies less than a 100-feet from a rather neatly hidden Metro stop (7-line) and close to another easily accessible Metro stop (10-line). The woman who runs the hotel is nice, if not a little shy. There is a small supermarket just down the street (Champion), ATM across the street, and Rue Monge and the streets branching from it house some quite servicable cafes, bakeries and pastry shops. I can't think of why the hotel would now be 2-stars instead of 3. It's not a luxury hotel, but it's much better than servicable. I'd go back.PS- If you want a larger balcony request a room on the 2nd or 5th floors.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate Hotel is very neat and clean and well located. Rooms are small and bathroom is even smaller. Staff is friendly. Owner, Julie, is very accommodating. Night clerk is less accommodating. Stayed there twice. Second visit was reserved two months in advance. Upon arrival the room was not available and we had to wait three hours for the room to become available. Nothing offered for our inconvenience. Two wake-up calls not delivered: again, nothing but an excuse. Hotel two doors away, Hotel des Arenes, has a higher rating and a lower rate. Rooms are larger. I will not go back to Hotel Monge. Two visits was enough to put me off. Hotel des Arenes will be my next choice.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sofeac
<Content>Good value in not bad location We came back yesterday from 4 days in H R Monge. The place was spotless, the staff were friendly and breakfast wasn't bad. Our room faced the garden which made it very quiet and pleasant. We would definately do it again. The only thing to be aware of is the very small lift (max 3 people). So leave the very big suitcases at home.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice People I stayed at the hotel last Christmas 2002 thru new years day.The owner was lovely and always helpful. The location is teriffic if you like convience, good pasties and a cheap (reasonable price) it is a good place to stay.If you try to speak French they try to help. I always asked questions in French and almost always got English responses. I guess my NY accent was a dead give-away.Ask the owner of they have taken a vaction yet. i believe it has been 16 years or so.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lparker2
<Content>Great value and wonderful small hotel My husband and I took a chance on this small, quaint hotel and really lucked out. We were there in the fall of 2002 and for the price and its wonderful location we were not quite certain what to expect, and were very nervous. Much to our suprise the hotel exceeded our expectations. The room was small, but had a lovely view of the amphitheatre below. It was great to have the refigerator in the room for the afternoon snacks and drinks! The staff was friendly and were extremely helpful in pointing us around to wonderful local restaurants and cafes. If you want a very fancy hotel, this is not going to satisfy you. But, if you want a clean, updated, in a fabulous location on the west bank, and looking for a great value, this is your hotel. The staff was great before we arrived, as everything was made via the internet and email. I am planning a trip with my Mom and neice this spring and will be returning to this place! There is no other way to have a hotel room in paris, especially if you are looking to NOT spend a fortune on a room you will hardly be in.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Hotel and a Great Value We stayed for 8 days in early October, and enjoyed the hotel very much. The hotel is extremely well maintained and very clean. The rooms are adequate in size, quiet and nicely furnished. Julie, the owner, is somewhat reserved, but proved very helpful. The hotel's location is terrific - three metro stations are close, and Notre Dame is also within walking distance. A number of good, inexpensive restaurants are a short walk south (try Sud-Ouest), and several upscale restaurants a within a couple blocks towards the river. In light of the advantages, the hotel is a great bargain. Even the substantial breakfast and the minibar are inexpensive. For the benefit of the reviewer who gave one star, the remote control turns on best by hitting a number rather than the power button.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend - Friendly We had three rooms and they were spotlessly clean and confortable. The staff was very friendly and Julie the Proprietor was so wonderful to us (3 women). Location is great, close to metro, also street market on Rue Mouffetard. Great air conditioning! We stayed 5 nights then went to the south of France and came back to the hotel for one night before leaving for the States. Can't wait to come back with my husband!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nothing to monge about here   showReview(1385561, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel My husband and I just got back from Paris and loved this hotel. It is clean, very central and close to the Metro. The rooms were a comfortable size and price is right. To the person who complained about their remote control not working, who cares? You are in Paris and why would you want to watch TV anyway. The only complaint I would have is that the showers are very small. No other complaints. Definently recommended  
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for years now   showReview(1377059, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be fooled by these reviews!   showReview(1375694, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>palmspr_flyer
<Content>Quiet, Great Location in Paris   showReview(1151273, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfy and Friendly   showReview(1107971, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acsinCA
<Content>Highly recommend hotel Monge   showReview(938088, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!   showReview(838132, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable beds, no charm   showReview(821591, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous - recommended   showReview(699675, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cute, spotless    showReview(643454, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hemos estado muy agusto, aunque...   showReview(22366197, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AnibalCuervo
<Content>Excelente   showReview(21988404, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marlboral
<Content>2 茅toiles mais pas 3 !!!   showReview(16483079, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Villamota
<Content>Estancia agradable.   showReview(8441703, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Albertomartino
<Content>piccolo hotel ben gestito   showReview(6712857, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

