<Author>Purplemuffin
<Content>Dissapointed! We stayed at ShangriLa Hotel for 4 nights in December 08. We stayed at Tower wings. We have high expectation because of the good reviews. However we find the hotel disappointing due to the following reason.Check in was okay, although the staff at the door seems to be busy talking among themselves and ignore us completely. We were given a room in the end of the corridor next to the emergency stair and storage room. The room is not even in the same hallway with other rooms, but inside a separate small square room with bare wall and terrible light fittings. Definitely doesn鈥檛 feel like 5 star hotel at all.When we first enter the room, the hotel TV Station is broken. Normally in 5 star hotel (even 4 star) the guest will expect some form of greetings and welcome with the guest鈥檚 name on TV. Not in ShangriLa, they don鈥檛 even bother to fix the hotel TV Station for 3 days. Also the light bulb inside the room in the entrance is broken. We notice immediately and notify one of the staff. But it took them 2 days and another phone call to front desk for this simple thing to be rectify. Lack of care and ignorance of the staff. Definitely not 5 star ecperience.The room itself have plenty of space and the bed is comfy. It has a decent size LCD TV. However, the room looks old and the furniture is outdated. The bathroom doesn鈥檛 even looks nice let alone luxurious. The shower is inside the bathtub, which we hate and for famous ShangriLa 5 star hotel, we expect a separate shower. The tile grout in the bath area is disgusting. Inside the room there is a spot in the carpet. Therefore we feel that the cleanliness standard is very low. And not worthy the money you pay for. For the same value better off stay at Mandarin Oriental, see my review.The house keeping forgot to put the face washer on the bathroom and the next day they forgot to put milk for coffee. So we have to ring up to request for basic stuff. The fruit on the plate only consist of 2 old oranges which does not look fresh at all and they don鈥檛 change them for 2 days. There are no orchids or any other flower inside the room. The orchid is actually one per floor, unlike Mandarin Oriental that we stayed previously which have 2 orchids in the room. This little things showed whether the hotel look after and care about the guest or not.The location of the hotel is TERRIBLE. It鈥檚 on Orange Groove Rd, which is located on the far side of Orchard Rd. To walk from the nearest MRT 鈥?Orchard will take at least 20 mins and to walk to Takashimaya will take 25-30 mins. And this walk is outdoor in the humid and hot wheatear. Take note that the walk back to the hotel from Orchard is on the steep hill which leave you breathless, and when it鈥檚 raining you will be soaking wet. Another point, if you feel hungry at night and want to get a drink at night outside the hotel, nothing open within 10 mins walk from the hotel, you have to walk a long way to Orchard Rd. Way too far.The only good thing about ShangriLa is the pool. The pool area is great with 2 separate kiddies pool and refreshing water fountain. The spa for adults is great for relaxation after a long day of walking  shopping. The service is the pool is non existent, you have to request for pool towel yourself and the staff is not very attentive, unlike other hotel that we stayed before where the staff really look after and spoiled the guest very well.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	1	2	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>malndebs
<Content>Easy to see why it's number 1       Bed on arrival  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DesertWoman
<Content>Very Good but not Excellent First impression from the outside is that it is very dated, but most of the inside tells a different story. When I say most, we stayed in the Horizon Tower and, in my opinion, this is showing its鈥?age. Don鈥檛 get me wrong, the room was very clean, adequate and a comfortable bed, but I didn鈥檛 think 鈥渙oh this is nice鈥?when I walked in, it just felt like a normal good standard room that could do with a bit of updating. Other posts have mentioned that their rooms had recently been renovated, I can only assume they hadn鈥檛 done ours yet. One other comment about the room, although not a major issue, is that it didn't have a separate shower as mentioned on the website room description.We booked directly with the hotel, their website gives different package options and they say they won鈥檛 be beaten on price. We decided to go with the club room and glad that we did when we found out the price of food and drink at the hotel, and outside for that matter. We took breakfast in the Blu restaurant on the club floor, this was excellent with plenty of choice with the buffet and a la carte menu - and the fried eggs were cooked exactly to order, not an easy thing apparently judging by the other hotels we stayed at on this trip! If not included in the price, breakfast costs SG$40 a person. All the staff on the club floor were very pleasant, attentive and would help with anything you asked for. We did make the most of the club lounge and went to the early evening cocktail drinks each night. I鈥檓 glad we did as the first night we went to an outside restaurant, nothing grand, a can of Guinness cost SG$18. We also found out later that the cocktails in the hotel were SG$25 a go, so the additional cost of the club lounge well and truly paid for itself.We also tried some of the local food outside the hotel. We ate at the Maxwell hawker centre in Chinatown, limited choice of mainly chicken and rice but food was excellent and cheap at SG$3 a meal. The lady concierge at the hotel recommended a good roti pratta caf茅 near River Valley Road, fantastic! It was a true locals place and the roti and chicken curry were excellent and less than SG$10 for two. Overall the service and staff at the hotel were very good and the hotel is in a convenient location within walking distance to the shops, restaurants and bars of Orchard road as well as the MRT. For the price though, I have stayed at better hotels and would probably check out the others if I were to return to Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Funkydad
<Content>Mini Bar Madness Yes folks I have the price list in front of me.Small botle of Evian $8.50, Kit Kat Bar $7.00 but best of all a packet of two [yes 2] shortbread biscuits is $7.00.Next I have to mention that although the pool is very inviting there are nowhere near enough sunbeds so we have the ridiculous situation of bagging the beds with a towel and a book early in the morning even though you might not want to swim until the afternoon. When we enquired at the Customer Relations desk if they could come up with a solution they simply told us you have to get there early. In a 5 star hotel this foolishness should be solved by buying about 100 more beds, stacking them somewhere so no one needs to bag a bed.The staff apart from the Customer Relations person????? are unfailingly pleasant and anxious to please. Service is a bit hit and miss at times - dirty towels not removed from the room, running out of breakfast food at Blu but everyone seems to be working hard to make your stay a good one. Unlike many reviewers I find the menu at Line somehow  not what you want and a bit limited. At the Park Hyatt down the road they have a much better grip on it in my view.So - I might stay again but they need to sort out the pool. Probably I would look around a bit more before booking.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>seasiasj
<Content>Still makes you feel very special... Still the very best place to stay in Singapore...were upgraded to The Valley Wing during our stay and there is nothing that the hotel hasn't thought of to make your stay absolutely perfect...every detail has been attended to! We were amazed to find personalised stationery is our desk drawer upon our arrival...including business cards....amazing!We adore the pool...three of our four children have learned to swim there and could happily play all day in this oasis.....as well as munch their way through the magnificent buffets in 'The Line'.We still enjoy our visits...and would recommend anybody to pay a little extra...it goes a very long way in this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karamac
<Content>Stunning Hotel       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fulstoneflyer
<Content>Great Locatio Stayed at the Shangri La for 3 nights on route to Australia. We had booked a Club Room having had similar at the Grosvenor - Dubai last year. The room was OK but certainly not of the standard in Dubai. The room had good views over the city but sadly lacked a balcony. The Club Facilities were again OK but not special, I,m not sure it is worth paying the extra for a Club Room.The location of the Shangri La is ideal for Orchard Road where most of the shopping/eating/drinking places are situated. We used the subway (MRT) to get around which was cheap and efficient. We went out of the City on the MRT and visited the Chinese/Japanese Gardens. Great place to walk around and free!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>M90_AMT
<Content>Great stop over hotel Loved the Shangri La on a 1 night stop over. The service was excellent from when we arrived in a taxi and the doors were opened for us and we were met by a receptionist who took us from the taxi, to check in, and then took us to our room. The bed was really comfortable, the room a reasonable size, well stocked mini bar, complimentary water, nice bathroom with bath and walk in shower, lots of fluffy towels, bathrobe and slippers, nice toiletries- very comfortable room in the tower wing. We opted to buy breakfast and I don't think I've ever seen such an amazing choice at a breakfast buffet. From dim sum, sushi, all kinds of fruit, omlettes, english hot breakfast, all types of yogurt, breads and pastries - the number of chefs on is the most I've every seen at a breakfast buffet, all at their own world station - it was expensive but worth it. We took our bags to check out and as soon as we got out of the lift there was a bell boy to put them in storage so we could enjoy the rest of our day. There were loads of staff on and this made it a wonderful experience as there was no queueing, and they immediately attended to your requirements.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JAW130
<Content>Great hotel and great location. This is a very good hotel by any standard and deserves to be at the top of the list on tripadvisor. Service is how you would expect in Singapore (second to none) and the location of the hotel is perfect.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ahretirement
<Content>Expected More Beautiful facilities at this aging beauty but a few problems for the leisure traveler. The hotel is geared for business travelers and conventions. There is only one overpriced coctail lounge on the top floor. Food and beverage service at the beautiful pool is almost non-existent. Even the television is limited with no in-room movies. This hotel is up the hill from the Orchard Road shopping area and they need a pedestrian friendly entrance from the street so you don't have to hike through the parking lot. All food and services are seriously over-priced, even for Singapore standards. Overall, Shangri La was my least favorite hotel in my 4 city tour of Asia in November 2008 for these reasons.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonSteve2008
<Content>One of the Finest Hotels in the World The Shangri-La in Singapore in January 2008 for 3 nights.The memories are blissful - this is what all hotels should aspire too.Stayed in a Club Room, very large room with lovely, modern, comfortable furnishings. Choose your pillows from the pillow book. Breakfast is absolutely amazing with around 20 stations serving different foods. Quality is top notch. For dinner, the Shang Palace on the ground floor was an outstanding chinese restaurant.Service was faultless.Grounds and swimming pool are also good (but perhaps not what you come for anyway).Stayed in a Club Room in the Mandarin Oriental for 3 nights directly after this stay. As a comprison, the Oriental is completely outclassed on all levels - its just no contest.Going to Singapore and can afford it? Stay in the Shangri-La.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Neachell
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This hotel is fantastic, they make you feel like royalty. The staff are excellent, the standard all round is the best you will ever find.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CleopatraHampshire
<Content>absolute luxury       great toileteries  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marthasmum
<Content>Loved it, loved it Stayed here on my honeymoon a few years ago. It was fantastic, they did upgrade us cos of the honeymoon. But I absolutely loved it. The staff were sooo nice. The food, at breakfast was spectacular. The rooms are just outstanding. The signature smell of lavender will stay with me forever.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>slc1
<Content>The most fantastic experience to date.............       The 7 foot square bed  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hambagahle
<Content>Has to be one of the world's best hotels! We have been staying at the Shangri La, Singapore since 1972 and it just keeps getting better and better! On this last trip we also stayed at the Oriental in Bangkok, the Shangri La in Bangkok, the Park Hyatt in Sydney and the Conrad in Brisbane. As far as I am concered the Shagri La in Singapore beats them all.Our inbound Qantas flight from Frankfurt to Singapore was very late (4 hours). Despite that, the Shangri La driver was waiting for us outside Customs and we were met at the door of the hotel by a manager. Less than one hour after touch down we were in our room. This first stay was in the Tower Wing (the original wing of the hotel) and was for one night between our flight in from Frankfurt and on to Bangkok. Our room had been recently renovated and was lovely. We had a very good night's sleep and a delicious breakfast at The Line before heading off to the airport again to go to Bangkok.Our second stay on this trip was longer, and we were in the Garden Wing, which is our favourite. Unfortunately our inbound flight, this time from Brisbane was also late (7.5 hours late!) due to mechanical problems which seem to plague Qantas right now. Instead of arriving at 7.30pm on the Sat night we arrived at 2.30am on the Sunday! Nonetheless the Shangri La driver was there waiting for us outside Customs!! He got us to the hotel very fast (no traffic!) and we were in bed by 3.45am. We love the Garden Wing because of the balconies. Here again our room had recently been renovated and looked lovely. The Garden Wing reception staff knew our names by the second day and were extremely helpful in terms of providing us with information etc. We ate the The Line - we just love it!! - for breakfast and two dinners.We find the Shangri La to be very convenient to Orchard Road - about 10 mins walk to the MRT station there and 5 mins to the top of Orchard Rd where the shops start - but enough out of the the way to be an oasis of green. I just can't imagine staying anywhere else in Singapore, though in the past I have. We'll be back in Jan '10 and I can't wait!!One more thing - we booked the Value rate. That included: two airport limo transfers; daily breakfasts; all the laundry and dry cleaning we needed to have done; local phone calls and broadband access as well as a 6pm checkout on the final day. This cost us around SGD140 more than the rack rate and we think it is well worth it!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paul826nas
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed at the Shangri La, Singapore on the first 2 nights of our honeymoon prior to moving on to Australia touring, as a little bit of a luxury. after being picked up in a top end mercedes limo from the airport, we were whisked to the hotel and checked in without any fuss. the palatial lobby is something to behold and it takes your breath away. we were informed that we had been upgraded to a better room, and upon arrival at it, we found that there was a celebratrion cake and fruit in our room.the hotel was marvellous and the staff bent over backwards to ensure that our stay was memorable, which it most certainly was.the food and drink although expensive was very good, but then for a 5 star hotel were not too bad.this hotel is well placed for the shopping centre and fairly close to Raffles Hotel, which is of course obligatory to visit to enjoy the Singapore Sling.all in all a great place to stay to pamper yourself, would definitely go again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelauthor
<Content>Valley Wing package very disappointing. OUr agent recommended the Shangri La for the two nights we would be in SIngapore following our cruise. We paid for the Valley Wing which was the more exclusive accommodation and were told the price covered breakfast, afternoon tea, canapes and drinks in the evening. We had stayed at the Shangri La Hotel in Hong Kong and been very impressed with the wonderful hot nibbles that were offered on the buffet. We are not big drinkers but we did enjoy having the evening canapes that were freely on offer. However we soon discovered that the SL in Singapore was quite a different proposition. The breakfast was fine, no complaints there and we were never in the hotel during the afternoon tea hour. However when we arrived home from shopping and touring and went down to enjoy the canapes, we were suprised to be given merely one plate each with three very small and mostly cold offerings. No buffet as we had been expecting and a very stingy offering. Certainly it was nice to have the two glasses of wine we enjoyed but as far as the canapes went, that was it for the evening. After that we were told there were cookies available. Not very enjoyable with a glass of wine... Apart from that, our room was certainly large with a nice aspect but the bed was very very firm. Both my husband and I ended up having to take medication for our sore backs. We ordered room service one evening but the food was very ordinary and not worth the money. We ate a hundred times better at one of the food malls on Orchard Road. So, despite paying the extra for a Valley Wing room it was very disappointing and not worth the money. WOuldn't stay at the SL in Singapore again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bekky707
<Content>mindblowingly beautiful - the shangri-la group have done it AGAIN! Stayed at Valley Wing with my mum and my toddler and just though it was AMAZING.STAFF - exceptional!CLEANLINESS - brilliantROOM - Just LOVELYHave stayed in Singapore many times and this is just one of the best............step out into the buzz of Singapore in just minutes.....or stay in the hotel for South East Asian luxury, tranquillity and tropical beauty.Don't get me wrong.......I have stayed in more luxurious hotels.....but the Valley Wing is just a gem. Understated, unpretentious and discreet.....no footballers' wives feel here!I just feel everthing about the hotel and the rooms has been perfectly thought out ...... to the point one is supplied with small packets of laundry powder in the room for washing underwear if needed.If u are looking for a haven in the midst of a vibrant city then this is it!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wel0veh0lidays
<Content>A Great place to stay We recently stayed in the Shangri La in Singapore for a two night stop over en route to Bali. We arrived at 6am after a direct flight from the UK. The reception staff were really efficient and we were able to check in to our room even at this time. The hotel lobby is grand and our room was a good size with a nice bathroom with large walk in shower. The bed was really comfortable! Breakfast was included with our room price and was very good. There was a large selction of food available on the the buffet breakfast. Sign posts direct you to different stands with various styles of food available at each one.The coffee shop next door to the restaurant serves beautiful homemade cakes. Well worth a slice or two. For those of you who like to work out there is a large well equipped gym and the pool is very good too. However be wary of the price of drinks by the pool side. We ended up paying approx 拢8 for a large bottle of water!The location of the hotel is great for shopping and sight seeing. You can easily walk to Orchard road for shopping and taxis aren't expensive.We would recommend a vist to Singapore zoo. The flyer is big! and Clark Quay was a good night out. Try the chilli crab. It's delicious. No trip to Singapore is complete without a Singapore sling in the long bar at Raffles.Overall Singapore is a safe and clean city and the Shangri La is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trondheim10
<Content>Very big and nice but not great. Very big and nice hotel. Fantastic lobby. My room was good with a nice view. All staff were friendly, from the maid and up. But I had a little problem when i arrived. They had to reserve money from my card (S$400) if I used any of their services (breakfast, roomservice, minibar etc.). But I had a debet card so It was a little trouble, if I didn't use any of the services I get S$400 in cash when i checked out! We talked for some minutes and agreed on a S$200 reserve. He had to call the VISA people also because he had swiped my card not knowing it was a debetcard, not a creditcard. So they had to cancel the reserve. But why couldn't I pay IF I used any services when I checked out from the hotel?! With this in mind I felt like I HAD to use some money in order to not get any cash back when I was going to Europe again. Because I don't want any Singapore $ in Europe. So it was a little trouble before I came to my room!Other than that it was a nice stay.The room was in good shape and nice but maybe a little tiny. The view was very good. But the aircondition didn't work properly. I set it to 22 degrees and fell asleep, but when I woke up it was freezing! And the bathroom floor was cold. I want a warm floor there!The location was good, just 5-10 mintes walk to centre of Singapore.I asked the maid if she could remove the top matress because it was so warm. But that was not done.The breakfast was not included in the room price. It was many dishes to choose from but some of the dishes didn't have the quality of a 5 star hotel! But all in all the breakfast was good.And I manage to spend all the money reserved and much more. I used the minibar, breakfast, washing clothes, room service (ordered a Tiramisu but this was no good! Served in a glass with awful crackers!! No, buy Tiramisu in an Italian restaurant not this hotel) and taxi to the airport. Taxi to the airport was a good ride, but expensive (BMW 730 Li) but worth it. :).The new Terminal 3 airport was amazing!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>RikuB
<Content>great hotel but a little out of the way the hotel itself is very nice, on a huge plot with pool and gym at the centre.I stayed in the garden tower which had a really big room and nice balcony overlooking the gardens in the middle. I was disappointed in the location though, it was 5-10 min walk to orchard road and the metro station. the tv was quite old fashioned as well - with this price and type of hotel I expect a flat screen tv in this day and age.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eric060
<Content>One of the best hotels in the world I have once again stayed at the Valley wing at Shangri la. As always the experience is unbeatable. The room, the service, the pool, the friendliness of the staff - everything was exceptional. The champagne bar is really something special - free champagne or wine or whatever I wanted all day long. The champagne is Moet et Chandon which is my favorite.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_bald_gourmet
<Content>Service with a smile ... For many people, Singapore is synonymous with Orchard Road, huge air-conditioned malls, immaculately dressed locals, sweating tourists and five star deluxe hotels. Say Orange Grove Road and Tanglin to many people and they will look at you with slight bemusement. That鈥檚 unless they have stayed at the Shangri-La Singapore because that is where you鈥檒l find this luxury hotel tucked away just a few minutes off Orchard Road. The Shangri-La is slightly odd in one sense in that it gives you the feeling that you are in a destination resort and at the same time wrapped up in sophisticated opulence. Delightfully odd! True, the time before my most recent visit happened to coincide with a major international security conference whose attendees included the US Secretary of Defense, Robert Gates. Suffice it to say that security was tight! However that didn鈥檛 affect my feelings about the hotel. Far from it! The ease with which this complex, high profile event was managed with only minor inconvenience for people like me speaks volumes. From the time you arrive at the hotel you will encounter some of the best hotel staff to be found anywhere in the world. The brightly costumed and incredibly polite guys who open your car door tend to rather be outshone by the graceful and beautifully dressed young ladies who will greet you with a smile and warmth that will melt any jet-lag. The front desk staff are the definition of efficiency and really make you feel like you are the only guest in the hotel. In my experience no request is too large and there is never that sense of 鈥減lease don鈥檛 ask me 鈥?ask the other person 鈥?it鈥檚 their job鈥?that one sometimes finds in large hotels.The lobby is a large expanse of cream colored marble with tall columns leading your eye to enormous crystal chandeliers. Off to one side you will find a lounge area with comfortable chairs and sofas and is a good place for coffee and meeting people for business discussions. Order a cappuccino and you will receive a terrific cup of coffee delivered with four choices of flavors that will be stirred into your drink before your very eyes. A very nice touch!From the lobby you will either be shown to your room in the Tower Wing or will be taken to the Garden Wing of the hotel. The Valley Wing has a separate entrance and as I have yet to stay in this part of the hotel, I will leave it to those lucky people to describe that part of the Shangri-La!The Garden Wing rooms are large and airy with a d茅cor that is somewhat reminiscent of destination resort in style. Mine overlooked the large pool and had a flower festooned balcony on which I happily whiled away the odd free hour. The Tower rooms are not quite as spacious but have (I think) been relatively recently renovated. The bathrooms are excellent with both a walk in shower and bath tub and are separated from the living area by a wall of glass blocks that make the space feel light and spacious. Add to that the ubiquitous toiletries and soft fluffy towels and bathrobes and you may have found your bathroom heaven (well that may be over stating the case a bit!!).Many people will visit the 鈥淟ine鈥?restaurant for breakfast, lunch or dinner. True, it isn鈥檛 inexpensive but it is an unusual experience where one can select food from various 鈥渟tations鈥?spread around the restaurant. It is difficult to explain, which I have clearly just demonstrated!! Anyway, it鈥檚 worth a try. 鈥淏lu鈥?is set atop of the Tower Wing and has wonderful food, a great bar with excellent cocktails and occasional live music. Whenever I have been there it has been quiet and relaxing and a haven from the crowds at Boat or Clarke Quay or the various Orchard Road 鈥渉aunts鈥?Singapore for me is like a second home. I adore the people, the food and even the weather! I used to stay at the Hyatt but I really enjoy the Shangri-La. OK it may not have the 鈥渆dginess鈥?of newer hotels or the colonial grandeur of Raffles but it has everything I need on my trips with one added luxury; the smile that comes from staff who either really enjoy what they do or are unbelievably well trained 鈥?or maybe it鈥檚 both.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>topcop999
<Content>Treated Like Royalty       Another Wedding Cake - How Kind!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>C&D-London
<Content>Valley Wing is fantastic! We stayed in the Shangri-la Valley Wing for 2 nights and loved it. The hotel has a lovely pool and a choice of restaurants. We found the staff to be very helpful and attentive. The evening drinks and canapes that were included in our package in the Valley Wing were great too. It is of course an expensive hotel but we really felt that we got what we paid for and would definitely return!Perhaps the only criticism we found was that the hotel is not quite as well located as some hotels but taxis are fairly cheap and there is a courtesy bus that runs down to Orchard Road regularly so it really didnt cause a problem for us.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>browa32
<Content>Valley Wing - Amazing 10/10 Stayed here during our Honeymoon. The valley wing is worth the extra amount of money, from the quality of the room, to the breakfast, Moet Champagne, Canap茅s, High Tea Delights, Service from the butlers, and much much more. The Shangri La Valley Wing is without doubt the best place to stay in Singapore. Hotel is an excellent location, it is a 5 Minute walk from the top of Orchard Road, 10 Mins to the Botanic Gardens. I would go to this part of the hotel again. Thank you.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tobocop
<Content>Superb We stayed in this amazing hotel for five days while on honeymoon in Singapore. Its probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Every element of our stay was perfect, we stayed in the garden wing and our room was excellent. Breakfast at the line restaurant is something truly special. Hotel is in a good location a 10 minute walk from orchard road and the staff are all so friendly and helpful. We wouldnt be back as soon as we can.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>welwyn_steve
<Content>As good as it gets. We stayed in this hotel for a couple of days on route to Borneo.It was great for a stopover hotel.The basement breakfast bar is the best I have ever seen, and I have stayed in plenty of other 5 star hotels.The location is fine, walk down the hill and you're on Orchard Road, plent of shops, bars and eateries.Service was excellent and with two older teenage children to impress (they're not easily impressed) the staff did a fantastic job. From treating them like adults, checking them in, delivering them to their own rooms, nothing was too much trouble.I wouldn't hesitate to go back again if I am travelling to Asia or Australasia with the family.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>whatithinkofthis
<Content>Great service All the good points have been made in previous reviews but I would like to just emphasise how good the service is here. I stayed in the Valley Wing and, though very expensive, the free afternoon tea, canapes and drinks go some way to mitigating against the high cost. The eggs benedict for breakfast was the best I've had and the Singapore Sling was far better at the Shangri La than the ready mixed mediocrity being served at Raffles. It isn't as centrally located as some hotels but taxis are pretty cheap and it's worth a few minutes in a taxi if it means you can stay at such a wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>solent_blue_ling
<Content>Wow !! Honeymoon hotel We booked the Shangri-La for a 2 night stopover as part of our honeymoon. We decided to arrive on foot carrying our own luggage from the train station on Orchard Road. On our arrival, we quickly realised that this chosen method of arrival was a rarety as we staggered past the Ferraris and Aston Martins parked outside literally dripping in sweat, and gasping for a breath of the ice cold air conditioned air beyond the doors. We were just speechless on our arrival, due to the cavenous proportions of the main reception which exhudes grandeur to the finest degree.We were swiftly rescued by a delightful member of reception staff, who looked at us in utter amazement for choosing to walk there! She promptly ordered someone to relieve us of our bags, and within minutes, we were promptly checked in and escorted to our room in the Garden Wing. The hotel had taken it upon themselves to upgrade us free of charge to a Garden Room which boasted a huge double balcony which was 3 times the size of the room itself. We even had a Chocolate Wedding Cake waiting for us on our arrival, with a personal message iced on the top! Our room overlooked the pool at the very far end of the Garden Wing in a really private  quiet part of the hotel. Our room was beautiful, clean and fresh with the biggest and most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. We opted for the extra of breakfast at The Line each morning, which is a huge extravagance, but really really shouldn't be missed. I have nothing but praise for every aspect of this hotel - we were made to feel like royalty on every occasion that we came into contact with staff. The pool was amazing, as was The Spa, and a drink on the top floor Bar is a 'must do warm-up' to anyones evening in town. If I really had to scratch around for a negative point, then all I can say is that the water in our shower didn't drain away as quick as I would have liked - but that is being really picky. Such a shame that we couldn't have stayed there longer as there is just so much more to see and do at the hotel with numerous restaurants shops and services on offer. We would definately LOVE to have the opportunity to go back there one day ..........  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Junkster
<Content>Excellent! We have stayed at the Shangri La twice and been very impressed with the service and facilities. We managed to get upgraded on our first stay as the room we had booked wasn't available. The staff's attention to detail was most impressive and nothing was a problem.Shangri-La puts on one of the best breakfasts - everything is catered for and it filled us up for the whole day.The pool and garden areas are very attractive. Shangri-La is a pleasant and peaceful oasis just 5 minutes walk to bussling Orchard Road. It is a 5 star hotel that makes everyone feel welcome, comfortable and at home.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TechnoProf
<Content>As good as ever..the best! Interconnecting Garden Wing rooms were ideal for the family. As ever, we were looked after famously and everyone enjoyed eating out at The LIne. This remains the best Singapore city hotel in my view, since it has the most attentive staff and best quality food around. Another strong recommendation!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TK_NAK
<Content>Fantastic city hotel! The Shangri La is the perfect hotel if you are looking for comfort and good location. The rooms (we stayed at the garden wing) are very nice and the serivce is excelent. The hotel is located only 5 minutes walk away from Orchard road. It is a quiet oasis from all the noice in the city. It is just perfect to enjoy a swim in the lovely pool after a day of shopping. You also have to enjoy a drink at the skybar. Fantastic view of the city skyline!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kouran
<Content>Excellent Spent 4 nights in the Shangri-La on a return from Bali to London. The Hotel is very pleasant with wonderful rooms. We were in the Tower Wing with a 14th floor room with wonderful views of Singapore. The hotel is in an ideal location for strolling down to Orchard Road without being in the hussle and bussle of the busy streets surrounding Orchard Road. We loved Bar Blu and would definately go back - forget about Raffles, the cocktails in Bar Blu are just as good, cheaper and you get a far better service with views to die for! The service is fantastic with a great room and the grounds are huge and worth an explore.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Headhunter13
<Content>Great for special break We tacked on 5 days at the Shangri La staying in the Garden Valley wing at the end of our SE Asia Honeymoon and I cannot praise it highly enough, the garden valley wing is an all inclusive break and it's free champagne (Moet) and high class food from 11.00 am till 10.00 pm. The rooms are spacious and luxurious and the staff are very attentive, a reasonable location and a much better option than the faded grandour of Raffles.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fermi-Dirac
<Content>The personal service was missing We stayed at the Shangri-La for one night on our way to Australia. I had been an occasional guest there at various times since 1985, and had always come back because of the quality and charming service offered by the hotel. Sad to say, we were disappointed last year.The first thing that seemed wrong was that when I remarked to the reception clerk on arrival, It's nice to be back here, he just laughed. On our previous visit (2003 I think) we had been extremely warmly welcomed, but this time the service seemed to have gone cold and mechanical, and throughout our visit I had the impression that what the hotel really cared about was the vastly money-making conference business which it pulled in, whilst the individual traveler was now of little account. The room was good enough, it's true, and the array of breakfast was decently comprehensive, the dinner options not bad, but attentive service and help? You can forget about that, except for the Bell Captain's desk which was still run with flair, efficiency and elan.To be frank, it wasn't worth the money, and I'll look elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>PipkinsLondon
<Content>Fantastic! We stayed at this hotel as part of the Singapore Airlines stopover package (which is well worth it!). We missed one night's accomodation due to a problem with the airline so on arrival they instantly upgraded us to a Garden Room which was a nice surprise! Check in was swift and the room was huge! It had a large balcony which looked over the swimming pool with two sun loungers on. The room has everything you could wish for and more. We had a meal there which was very nice. This is a five star hotel but with out the stuffiness!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chookie69
<Content>Needs a refurb Time for a refurb - rooms are starting to look old and tired and for the price better hotels around in Singapore. Had issues on check in but they were sorted easily. Breakfast is over rated and too expensive. Wouldnt go back to stay.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Salimmmmmmm
<Content>Not my cup of tea.. Great service (as you wouold expect in Singapore), good facilities, has a nice pool/spa/gym and excellent restaurants (the japanese one is fantastic!!). The rooms are very spacious however they feel old and too pretentious for comfort. The views are great but they lack charm and character. It is NOT located in downtown Singapore, about 5-10 minutes by cab ride. It is great for families, not for singles and the young crowd. Offers the luxuries and services for business people but is far from where the action is. overall a good hotel you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dunblane
<Content>Fantastic service, rooms and breakfast! From the Mercedes pick up at the airport to the fantastic buffet breakfasts, this place is simply wonderful.We stayed for 3 nights with our 2 children aged 15 and 8. There was a slight problem with our booking caused by our agent - not the hotel and we were immediately upgraded to a suite at no extra cost. This gave us free breakfast, drinks and internet access.The hotel is a model of hushed efficiency. The service is attentive but never noticeable or constricting. I could easily compare it to Gleneagles. Everyone from the immaculate girls in the foyer to the chefs in the restaurant were wonderful.Our room was on the 17th floor and had a great view north over the skyscrapers that seem to emerge from the Singapore jungle. The bathroom was huge and they brought an extra single bed into the room to make us more comfortable. The highlight was possibly the chocolate birthday cake that appeared for our son as staff had noticed his birth date at reception. A lovely and highly appreciated touch.I couldn't think of a better place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GolferDoncaster
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Hotel Reception  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zoballoos
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location - just a five minute walk and you are at one end of Orchard Road.The hotel staff and service is quiet and wonderful. The breakfast has everything you can think of and more. Wonderful swimming pool and again quite quiet.The rooms are large and very cleanDrinks etc in the bar are extremely expensive 拢20.00 for a small wine and small beer!!! So I would suggest that you go onto Orchard Road and go into Muddy Murphys Bar which is cheaper and has all of the locals in there.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patrick055
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic!       The vew from our balcony  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Boyfromoz_8
<Content>Serenity  We recently had a week in Singapore and were very pleased to have chosen the Shangri-La as our base.The hotel was built as a flagship, and whilst it may be a little dated in some areas, the grandeur is still very evident. After a busy day of playing tourist it was always a delightful experience to return to the cooling, lush garden environment and the friendly welcoming staff, that are Shangri-La.The buffet breakfasts were always a great start to the day, and dinner in the Blu restaurant, with spectacular views of the city skyline, was something special.Overall, we had a superb time at the Shangri-La and would be happy to return when next in Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pk475
<Content>Stunning.. Stayed here for 3 nights in June 2008 on a stopover to Phuket..As it was part of my honeymoon i emailed the hotel prior to let them know and on arrival we were met at the airport (i had booked a transfer in a hotel car prior to arrival) and infomed that we had been given a complimentary upgrade to a 1 bedroom Suite in the Valley Wing (i had booked a tower wing horizon club premier room to start with)..Check in was brief and carried out in our suite by our personal butler and we were informed of all of the benefits of the Valley wing itself, too many to mention here.Complimentary champagne was available on tap at any time of the day or night in the valley wing lobby along with numerous sandwiches etc and breakfast was taken in the private summit room although we tended to opt for the line restaurant (great food and impeccable restaurant design). On a couple of nights we had cocktails in Blu, the bar at the top of the tower wing with great views over singapore.The pool area was great and generally quiet with pool staff tending to our every need.Ignore some reviewer's comments about the location of the hotel, it is about 5 minutes walk maximum from Orchard Road and taxis are everywhere if you don't fancy the walk. I had also read reviews saying that the location in Singapore was relatively out of the way for tourist spots, well i suppose it is but if you look at the fact that it is in a quiet corner of the city out of the way of the hustle and bustle..that is a positive rather than a negative, and when a taxi costs no more than 拢4 each way to get you to Raffles or indeed, anywhere else, i would say it's a no-brainer.I think it is also important to mention that this hotel is the flagship of a large luxury asian hotel company and as such, the design is pure asian...i think that this is something that is missed in all of the other large american hotels (four seasons etc) and is an important part of the ambience of the hotel, when in Rome, do as the Romans if you know what i mean. I could have stayed in the Four Seasons or the Ritz Carlton but they are just too generic.As a conclusion, i would say that having spent a good ammount of time at the hotel in those 3 days, i would easily class it as one of the best i've stayed in, the facilites are second to none and the staff are only too happy to help you in any way. I would love to visit Singapore again some time and i honestly couldn't imagine finding anywhere that would even come close to this place...  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FanatasticFourFamily
<Content>Super Duper We are a family of four (girls aged 9 and 11). Stayed here on our way to Oz to visit friends. Had accomodation for 6 nights including breakfast, and a what a wonderful wake up call it was. My children were amazed at the variety and layout of the buffet style. Pancakes and waffles made before your eyes, toppings of every taste for your yoghurt and so many juices to choose from. They didn't quite get chinese takeaway style for breakfast!!! The staff were pleasant, freindly and helpful. The pool was clean with staff on hand to lay out towels for you and pamper your every need. We were upgraded on arrival with a bottle of wine thrown in for the trouble. The room/suite was huge, plasma screens in both bedrooms and lounge, bathroom beautiful. Singapore is a great place to stay, and not just as a stopver. Sentosa island is a must see the MRT (underground) is spotless and easy to navigate. The weather was perfect even though it was rainy season. The people are the freindliest you will ever meet. Enjoy your stay, wish we were back there.......  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoldfinchWindsor
<Content>Top Class Hotel ! I visited Singapore for the first time this year on a business trip. As a female travelling on her own I can honestly say that I felt very safe and comfortable at this hotel. I stayed in a Garden Room which was fantastic everything from the comfortable bed, wonderful pillows to the fact that they had a decent hairdryer which is a must for ladies with long hair !. The restaurants and lounges were second to none ! The staff at this hotel were wonderful and always smiling. I cannot fault this hotel in anyway. Would love to go back one day as a tourist !  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dc_irl
<Content>Excellen Service We stayed in this hotel for the first 2 nights of our honeymoon on a stopover to Oz. The hotel was really luxurious and the service was excellent. The rooms were a little dated but everything in the room was of a superior quality. The Bathroom had a really good shower with an excellent range of toiletries. We got a complimentary bottle of red wine as it was our honeymoon - great start to the trip  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>seasonedtravellers7
<Content>Beautiful Hotel The Shangri La Hotel is a beautiful, modern and contemporary hotel just 5 minutes walk from Orchard Road. The foyer of the hotel boasts some magnificent chandaliers and a lovely piano bar. Check in was quick and easy after a 12 hour flight and we able to use our room straight away even though we arrived at 7.30am. The garden rooms overlook the pool area, which is a blessing in the humidity and after a shopping spree down Orchard Road. The MRT (underground) is about a 10mins walk away and is easy to use and very efficient. Afternoon tea at Raffles Hotel is definately worth while, booking in advance is advisable as it was very busy. Also worth a visit is Singapore Zoo but give yourself a day to do this trip as it is a good way by MRT and bus from the Orchard Road area. The food malls, in most shopping centres, are a cheap and lively way to eat in Singapore. We loved Singapore and will be going back next year. Next time we will stay by the Quays area as we did not get to see this vibrant area of Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vally-wing
<Content>favourite hotel in the world it was a dream come true they were the most nicest people the treat you like royalty when me and my family walked into the hotel they gave us flowers beautiful flowers and for my daughter they gave her a lunch box with lolly pop teddy bear toothbrush and tooth paste it was just amazing i just dont know what to say  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sooz_r
<Content>the best! Stayed here for three nights. First time experience of the Shangri-la chain (but got a good deal when staying here, sydney and cairns) was not at all disappointed. Beautiful hotel, no complaints at all. Even loved the little touch of changing the carpet in the lifts each day! Got breakfast thrown in with the price, plenty of choice in the buffet selection, and although a little on the pricey side, the buffet dinner was fine too. Well worth staying here if in Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SussexDoubledutch
<Content>Not the best 5 star hotel This hotel was a bit of a disappointment. The entrance lobby is superb but that is where it finishes. The tower block rooms are small and not really suitable for two people. The garden wing rooms are much better and have balconies, but are looking tired and in need of refurbishing. The Line restaurant does not suite everyone鈥檚 taste being like a giant modern 鈥楤utlins鈥?dining room. Food is very good but the service is very slow if you do not want the self service buffet. Self service buffet is expensive for what you likely to eat. The swimming pool is very pleasant.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Monkie
<Content>Valley Wing - Superb Stayed for 5 nights in Jan 08 on our way to langkawi. Previously stayed in an executive tower wing room but decided to try the Valley Wing - Not dissapointed at all - The rooms are plush and decorated to the highest standard - the mini bar is quite an experience as is the room service. Champagne and shorts free from 10am and you really can drink as much as you like. Free nibbles and sandwiches. The al a carte breakfast is the best we have ever tried. The eggs benedict is a really gorgeous meal. Staff go beyond the call of duty and make the stay very very special, nothing is too much trouble. The only problem we can see is that once you have done the valley wing experience nothing else compares!! Cant wait to go back .  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Search
<Content>Blew our minds! We arrived at the Shangri-la for a post 3 night stay after our Superstar Gemini cruise to give us something to look forward to. We had booked into the Horizon Club in the Tower Wing which gave us some extra luxuries like buffet breakfast, late checkout etc. When we checked in we were told they had upgraded us to the Valley Wing which was a wonderful surprise as I had read about it on Tripadvisor so knew what to expect!The rooms were magnificent... with every little luxury you could imagine.... L'Occitane products in the huge bathroom, t.v. in the bathroom, chocolates everynight, complimentary fruitbowl, complimentary Chinese tea,... the list goes on.To say the breakfasts were to die for is an understatement! The fresh fruit was so beautifully laid out and exotic that I even bypassed the pastries every day just to eat the fruit. I overindulged so much just at breakfast because it was so irresistable and never ever had to eat lunch while I was there.Moet champagne was free flowing and complimentary every day and the waiters were always around ready to top your glass up or tempt you with a cocktail of some sorts. Sandwiches and afternoon tea were always served every afternoon and between 5 and 7 you always got a little plate of beautiful canapes to accompany your drink!The staff here were amazing and never once did we feel like bogun Aussies sitting there in their beautiful lounges... they were always so friendly and respecful and we were always greeted with a genuine smile and hello.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and if you can afford it, upgrade to the Valley Wing as it is so well worth it. We will definitely return as it really is a lovely slice of heaven!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PoppyTT
<Content>Utterly devine Wow! The Valley wing is superb. Initally we were booked into a garden wing room which to be honest wasn't really want we wanted. Its a resort style room(laminate wood floor, very small bathroom, cheap furniture etc) thats surrounded by vegetation. I asked to be moved into the valley wing which they did straight away and for the extra 拢50 a night was worth every penny (I was surprised that they still charged us as it was our honeymoon and they were not at all full!).The room was massive, huge comfy bed, great pool view, luxury marble bathroom with separate shower/bath (even a TV next to the bath!) etc. The breakfast was fantastic and M+ C Champagne was free in the evenings!!! Plenty of restaurants the Shang Palace being our favourite, albeit pricey. The Line was a popular choice if you like buffet food.The swimming pool was open until 10pm which was perfect if you had been out sight seeing all day.The staff were so helpful, everyone knew your name. Edward and Amin especially who gave us so many tips about getting around etc. The location of the hotel was ideal for Orchard Road or the underground (clean, safe and cool) to get to other places.Overall, one of the best hotels out there!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NW28
<Content>Valley Wing Luxury This was my first stay in Singapore and for a little luxury at the end of our honeymoon, we thought we'd upgrade to the Valley Wing. I agree with most of the previous reviewers that the rooms are spacious and luxurious, with the best of everything. The staff are wonderful - friendly and courteous, the food was some of the best I have ever eaten (although I preferred the Valley WIng breakfast over 'The Line' - I am just not a big buffet fan) and Blu, whilst expensive, was a perfect ending to our four days. The bathroom was lovely with a big comfortable bath for 2 and a separate rainshower with lots of decadent products supplied. My stand out memory is our wake up call at 5.30am on our final day - not only was the wake up call right on time, literally 2 seconds later, 2 piping hot cups of coffee were delivered to our room. I have never experienced anything like that anywhere else!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Etem
<Content>Breakfast to die for !       With 'Big' Eddie  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rj_booth
<Content>Absolutely amazing hotel Arrived at 0300 and hotel full. Were upgraded to Valley wing. Beautiful ...very large room with walk in shower large bath dressing area huge bedroom and included ewaiter service breakfast...thanks to Qantas for the delay. Brilliant servi ce throughout our stay, staff could not do enough for you. Always very pleasant and obliging. Would recommend this jotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Typhoon21
<Content>Loved this hotel, there is a "But" though..... We Arrived at the Shangri La at the end of March for a two day stop over before flying onto Borneo for two weeks. This is a very good hotel with a lot of nice touches. On arrival we were greeted by friendly staff dressed in traditional costumes and led into a cool (compared to outside), large marble lobby. The staff made us feel very welcome and offered us an upgrade to their Horizon Club option, at 100SD per night extra. For this you get to have compilmentary breakfast on the 24th floor with a nice view over city to the south west instead of the usual restaurant at the bottom of the hotel, a room upgrade and compilmentary beverages all day. Also on the 24th floor there is a business centre including internet which the upgrade gave us free access to and also an area where canapes and cocktails are served between 6pm and 8pm. All free to Horizon Club patrons. An option I absolutely recommend. The cocktails served were very nice, the wines exceptional and the canapes simply delicious.The rest of the hotel facilities were excellent. Really nice pool area and fitness centre and if you walk round the pool area and look close enough there is a water fall/stream they've created which you can walk up. The room was really nice and there was more than enough space for the two of us. Everything was clean and well kept. The location, although out of the way was good (in my opinion) as its on a quiet tree lined road a hundred yards or so from the busy Orchard Road. We used the bus tours a lot (two days for the price of one, bargain!) and the yellow route bus stop is at the end of Orange Grove Road. And if you don't use the buses, there are more taxis than you can shake a big stick at and they are very cheap.Here is the But. On arrival we explained to the reception staff that as we would be leaving at 6am on our day of departure we would be unable to take of advantage of the compilmentary breakfast which is served from 6am onwards so we initially declined the offer of the Horizon Club upgrade. After consultation with the manager we were offered free room service to compensate. On the day of departure, a beautifully laid and served breakfast was delivered to the room at 5:15 (ish), however on examining the bill when we left, we were charged for the breakfast (my own fault for not checking the bill close enough, Doh!). Anyway, after a phone call from the airport and initial denials that a deal had been made over the breakfast, and then after having a conversation with the Reception manger of the Shangri La Rasa Ria near Kota Kinanbalu (another fantastic Shangri La hotel) two weeks later who was very helpful, we were refunded for the room service. I put this down to a lack of communication and details lost in translation. This will not stop us from staying here again though.Overall, I heartily recommend this hotel and was very impressed by the services, staff and high quality standards they have set for themselves. We will be going back (and checking the bill closer next time)!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Nord20
<Content>Excellent Hotel - best Buffet ever Good quality hotel, clean, good service (typically Singaporean). Only complaint I would have is the lack of flexibility (the coffee bar closed at bang on 9pm, so don't try and get coffee after dinner there!).The outstanding feature was the buffet (breakfast, lunch and dinner), which was by far the best we have ever experienced - particularly the Indian section. Having just spent a month in India, we found the Indian food at the Shangri-La to be even better!The hotel amenties are very good, lovely pool with attentive staff. The location is good - a ten minute walk to Orchard road (which is actually quite a long way when you are returning to the hotel all hot and bothered), but it's very central so you can get a taxi to pretty much anywhere on the island quite quickly.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Mr_Phileas_Fogg
<Content>Superb Hotel We stayed at the Valley Wing and unreservedly recommend it as being one of the best hotels in the world. We have stayed several times and found the quality of the hotel and service to be consistent across all of our stays. The photos of the Valley Wing already on this web site are truely representative.The hotel is well located for central Singapore but is also an oasis of calm and serenity.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wigery
<Content>Shangri-la heaven I have just arrived back home after a wonderful 3 week holiday, in Singapore, Koh Samui and Bangkok. After reading the reviews about the Shangri-la, my husband and I decided to upgrade to the Valley Wing. It was a short stay of 3 nights but I have to say it was well worth the extra money and as with most things in life, if you want the best, you have to pay for it. The service was exemplory, with the waiters even remembering our preferences for tea/coffee. The suite we were given was spacious and luxurious, right down to the personalised stationery and not to mention the frequently refilled champagne glasses ! Unfortunatley, we did'nt experience The Line restaraunt as this semed to be popular with the locals and was very busy. If we return to Singapore we will definatley stay in the valley wing again. My only regret was that we did'nt stay in the Shangri-la whilst in Bangkok.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dannikki
<Content>Amazing! One of the best hotels me and my girlfriend have stayed at! So much so I even had to write a review, which is something I have not done before for any hotel!Amazing food, great room, really good gym, great service and reasonable price!The only diapointing part of my stay was the fact I had to leave to go to Bali which seemed like a real let down after being in this hotel in Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>boltotraveller
<Content>valley wing We stayed here for 2 nights.The service in the lounge is very good but the music is terrible and the harp playing is a bit depressing.Even though you get free canapes you dont help yourself so you only get 3 each.You can have free flow champagne but the lounge is soo boring you dont want to stay.The room was quite nice but i have stayed in better at $s1000 dollars a night its expensive for what you get.Also the service at the pool was bad  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bethi
<Content>A bit dissappointed We booked a two night break in the Shangri La on our way from Australia to the Maldives. On arrival we were very pleased and impressed by the atrium/lobby and reception; it was all very opulent and check in was quick. It was 2.00am in the morning so perhaps this wasn't surprising. We had booked a Tower, Club room which overlooked the garden and swimming pool. This was very luxurious but very, very small and we were disappointed. We had had 4 weeks of travelling and many club rooms, sometimes we even had been upgraded to a suite, this room was less half the size most of the other rooms and about a third of the size of the Sheraton at Noosa which we had just left. By this time it was about 2.30am so all we wanted was sleep and as we only had two nights there we decided not to complain. The bathroom was also very small but like the room was luxurious.We had breakfast at the Blu restaurant (Club room breakfast area). The view was fabulous and the choice and quality of the food excellent so we decided to book evening dinner here and a waitress made a note of our booking and request for a window table but as she couldn't make the reservation herself told us it would be confirmed later and we gave her our mobile number for this. No-one contacted us! At about 5.30pm we returned to Blu restaurant to check on the booking; although they had the note which clearly stated our request for a window table and time etc. they had done nothing about it. So at this late time we had to make the booking needless to say all the window tables had now been reserved! We said OK we didn't mind a table a little back from the window as we could still see the view. We went back to our room to shower and change and then to the Club lounge for pre dinner drinks and canap茅s. It was about 6.45pm and we were stunned to be told there was no seating available so we would have to wait in the nearby Blu bar where our drinks would be brought to us. We went in here and with great difficulty (I am only 5ft 3鈥? we climbed onto the very high chairs. We perched uncomfortably here waiting for our drinks - they didn't arrive!! . This bar is extremely cold, so much so that condensation had formed on the outside of all the windows and you couldn't see the fabulous view so this was not a good experience. Eventually my husband went to find the drinks only to be greeted by 'Oh, there is a seat for you now, didn't anyone tell you?' Well we finally got to the comfort of the Club lounge but only for a short time as we were now due to go for dinner. When we got to the Blu restaurant we were shown to table in an alcove (the only one without a view!). We protested to no avail! We should have left then but decided to stay and to be fair had a very excellent meal. I must say though don't go to this restaurant if you have a big appetite or a small wallet. Most of the next day we spent at the Botanic gardens, and then came back to the hotel for a welcome hour or two around the pool. This is lovely but, for the size of the hotel, too small and consequently it was very crowded with children everywhere and it was difficult to find two sun-beds. There is plenty of space for another pool in the grounds and I think the hotel would do well to do away with the tiny four hole par 3 golf and put in a second pool.Prior to our holiday I checked the website and was pleased to see that club rooms had a complimentary late check-out as we were flying at 1.30am (this influenced our booking). When we asked for this late check out we were told check out was at 12.00md. It took a lot of persuasion to get a change on this but finally they did relent and it was granted. I think the rules must have changed between booking and our stay. So, if you have stuck with me this far you may we wondering if we would stay here again. I am afraid the answer is that despite the obvious luxury and reputation of the hotel we would not. We were not made to feel special or a valued guest in any way, and next time would return to the Mandarin Oriental where we have stayed previously. This was wonderful and, although it too is a large hotel, the staff made us feel like royalty!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	3	3	

<Author>f2s
<Content>Shangri-La can be Heaven. Dont be confused , there are various blocks and room grades.They are all showing some age.Windows not sound proof.Yes even the Valley Wing we used is getting new lifts installed.The garden is very fine but due to high humidity your camera may protest.Its all true,Valley Wing service,fab breakfast room,inclusive lobby bar with some food and evening harpist,all staff,are outstanding and a lesson to the industry.Loved the electric curtains,bath TV,and pot of tea on arrival in the room.Unfortunately little things can go wrong.One night the room was not made up,even with the request light on.We did not receive our name printed stationery some do.It was left in the draw by last chap! Line buffet dinner confusing to us but mobbed by locals.Blue restaurant (24th floor)a little average,but great pastry chef.In short find the money and live like an 1980's VIP.Impossible not to dream of going back.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>P-K1999
<Content>Simply wonderful       Fabulous pool - view from our room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beccx
<Content>Simply the best We stayed in the Valley Wing for two nights in March as a stop over on our way to Australia. I can honestly say that this is the best place that we have ever stayed. The room was beautiful and spacious, with lovely touches that made it extra special - welcome jasmine tea and chocolates, daily replenished fresh fruit and personalised business cards. The bathroom was lovely with the best shower that I have ever used. The bed was incredibly comfortable, my boyfriend and I usually wake each other up with our tossing and turning, not so in this bed, we had so much space and the matress was of such quality that we both slept exceptionally well. The service in the champagne bar and lounge was impeccable and the freely flowing champagne made the stay exceptional value. Breakfast was available in either the Summit Room or the Line restaurant, we tried out both and enjoyed both - the Summit room being more formal with table service and the Line having a greater variety of buffet style food available. We didn't really see much of the main hotel, the facilities within the Valley Wing meant that this wasn't really necessary. All the staff that we encountered were friendly, polite and efficient. They even came out to our taxi as we left to wave us off! Overall a fantastic stay and very good value for money. We will definitely be back at some time in the future.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JohnEO
<Content>Great hotel, superb service The Shangri-la is a superb, top class, hotel. The rooms are excellent, as is the staff, and quality of service. Unfortunately, we could only stay for one night on a stopover on the way to Australia.It鈥檚 a 30 minutes taxi ride from Changi airport to a friendly welcome from the efficient staff on arrival. Despite our early arrival (11am), check-in with our prebooked voucher was a breeze. Our heavy luggage was whisked up to our deluxe room by a friendly bellman (with a bright red jacket and pill box hat) who delighted in showing us all the room鈥檚 facilities. The room in the Garden Wing on the 10th floor was spacious with chairs, a desk, broadband, a large well-appointed, bathroom, and a comfortable bed. The gardens are really nice with luxuriant flowers and other vegetation; we did not have time to use the nice swimming pool.The buffet breakfast offered good, wholesome, hot and cold food with a wide variety of choices, including good back bacon (not the cheap streaky/fatty stuff offered by US hotels). Really excellent and hassle free. Had a sumptuous Cantonese meal at the hotel鈥檚 (expensive) Shang Palace restaurant. Truly a culinary experience with excellent service.Although you are near to Orchard Street and various shopping malls (Singapore prices are not that cheap!), the hotel鈥檚 suburban location means a lot of (cheap) taxi rides. In the one and half days we spent in Singapore, we visited Chinatown (don鈥檛 miss the China Town Heritage Centre on Pagoda Street, which provides a poignant portrait of the territory migrant history, the Islamic Mosque (Don鈥檛 expect much if you have visited Istanbul or the Middle East), and Little India. Not having visited India, we were enthralled by a visit to the Sri Mariamman Temple temple on South Bridge Road and the Sri Veeramakaliamman Temple on Serangoon Road in Little India, where we witnessed a remarriage ceremony, which involved the man and woman being doused by successive dunks of water, and numerous believers receiving 鈥渂lessings鈥?from the numerous swamis.Expensive but good value for money given the quality and location of this hotel. The staff is excellent: every time we passed a staff member, we received a friendly smile and solicitation.We would have liked to stay longer and were sorry to leave. One negative: no free in-room internet. Given the cost, this is rather sad.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrsMKent
<Content>shangri la singapore Just returned from 4 days in Singapore and stayed at the Shangri La.A good hotel but expensive for food so beware of the extras. Try and get a deal on the cost of breakfast - the breakfast is amazing- about 7 areas serving international food!I opted to stay in the Garden wing which is a bit dated but near the pool with better views of the beautiful gardens.The tower wing and valley wing are very swish, but you could be anywhere and they are not worth the extra cost in my opinion (I was shown all three to decide)the pool is wonderful and service is good. The room key system is a pain (kept failing) and you need it at all times even to activate the lifts. I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>nomis7
<Content>Awesome place to stay I stayed here for my honeymoon and it was a fantastic time. We were only there for 5 days before travelling up to Thailand but I wish the time had gone slower. It is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at and I have stayed at some very nice hotels. Everything from the grand entrance, the staff and the room to the breakfasts. It was all fantastic. Get breakfasts if you can!!! they are great only downside maybe TOO MUCH to choose from. We had an amazing time and the room service is a snip for the food and service you receive. I stayed at Raffles the year before but this wipes the floor with it. Check out the Blue restaurant..............  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>olimar
<Content>Love Shangri-La..but the old place is getting a bit tired My wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Shangri-La in March. I have stayed there twice before and we had already stayed at the Shangri-La in KL on this trip - I find the staff at Shangri-Las generally absolutely fantastic.As ever, the welcome on this visit was great and the entrance hall is fabulous. Stayed in the Tower wing and took up the option of the Horizon Club, which gives you access to a lounge on the 23rd floor and includes breakfast and evening drink/light food.Our room was fantastic - it was huge, luxurious, very comfortable and very peaceful. Breakfast was fine, I wasn't wowed by it but it was nice. Evening food was fantastic though - canapes that were creative and delicious and well worth the upgrade just for them.The pool is surrounded by lush foliage which makes a good change from the standard pools, but it did feel a little cramped for me - not a lot of room between people, pool and plants.The location of the hotel was further away than I remembered from previous trips - its in a residential area off Orchard road and about 20mins walk from the MRT, which in the heat humidity and sometimes rain can feel quite a long way. Whilst in Singapore we did go to a few other hotels for food and drink and by comparison the Shangri-La is starting to look its age. I certainly wouldn't dissuade anybody from going there, but next time I think I'll try somewhere else, Singapore is changing fast and I suspect newer may be better  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rubee1402
<Content>Great Stay       The daily snacks  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pjkeay
<Content>Great Valley Wing, but was it perfect?       Valley Wing Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>SurferChick
<Content>GREAT hotel BAD location I booked the Shangri La based on the reviews on Trip advisor. Unfortunately even though the hotel itself was lovely the location was a HUGE disappointment. The hotel was beautiful, the ladies changing rooms had a wonderful steam/sauna/jacuzzi, the breakfast was amazing (though they added an awful lot of extra charges to our breakfast). The staff were friendly (even though there was a mix up in check-in). However, it was a bit of a trek from Orchard Road. Probably a good half an hour to walk to the MRT. Loved the hotel, but would I stay here again if I visited Singapore - I am afraid the answer is NO!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	1	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>WellTravelled99
<Content>Luxury in the Valley Wing Stayed in the Valley Wing. I had a one bedroomed suite. It was fabulous. From the moment the driver met us at the airport, whisked us to the hotel in a Mercedes and presented my wife with a beautiful orchid, it couldnt have been better.The room was very well decorated, cool and had a superb view of the large pool and gardens. The breakfasts were amazing with a nice choice and great service. The pool was large and fitted into the landscaped gardens. We ate at the Japanese and contemporary restaurants. Good food and service.The only issue throughout the stay was with the keycards which stopped working continuously  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ian Phillips
<Content>A bit dated We have stayed in the hotel before, the last time being about 8 years ago. We had a garden room de-luxe...a large room with a huge balcony overlooking the gardens and pool. The garden room wing looks dated and needs up grading Having said that the hotel still appeals. Great swimming pool surrounded by tropical gardens a big plus in humid Singapore. The buffet breakfast is as good as you would get anywhere. I would stay there again for the pool and location but would definately stay in the valley wing  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>gadlu
<Content>great! Great, as usual! (there is not much to say... it's perfect!)  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clobbin
<Content>Loved the line restaurant but annoyed about a late/wrong minibar charge First hotel in our honeymoon as a 2 night stopover to Australia. Great welcome and check in, very helpful in cutting the lock on our case after we lost our key. We stayed in the Garden wing, think slightly bigger room and lots of greenery on balcony etc.HighlightsGood welcome on arrivalBed was really really comfortable - slept really wellElectric curtains (unnecessary but felt really special)We got a membership card which gave us half price on breakfast in the line (buffet restaurant).The line was a really great buffet breakfast (best we had on our trip) - great fruit selection but loads of great choice , really modern look and feel and as we grazed we could watch the staff preparing pasta.Didn't feel too business orientedLowlightsOn getting home we were charged a late charge for whisky from the minibar after we left but given we don't drink whisky definitely not us but unnecessary hassle and not what we wantedUninspiring viewsRoom was good size and no issues with it (other than seeing a few ants in the room) but does look a bit dated compared to other more modern hotelsRained most of the time we were there (hotel provided umbrella in the room). Did a day tour but didn't feel there was that much to see/do (took a picture of the merlion, saw a temple, some botanical gardens and a factory), so probably worth looking at prebooking a trip to sentosa island before you go.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Marlscat
<Content>5 Star Luxury       Our Room  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClassyLad
<Content>The 'Valley Wing' - Heaven in Singapore We stayed at 'The Shang' in the 'Valley Wing' for a week a few years ago. The 'Valley Wing' of the Shangri-La is one of the most impressive hotels we have had the fortunate experience to stay at. The staff seem to have a 'sixth sense' when it comes to service, the rooms were opulent, the fine dining breakfast screamed luxury in every sense, and the champagne in the lobby just kept on flowing. What more can I say other than TripAdvisor (plus I wish I discovered this site earlier) should have a separate entry for the 'Valley Wing' and add a six star rating option? The 'Valley Wing' was truly impressive.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkCarlos
<Content>Horizon Club is a disappointment Stayed at this hotel for four nights during March as a stop over whilst on holiday. Generally the hotel was fine, is large and has a lovely swimming pool. In terms of location it is a 20 minute walk to the nearest MRT station (Orchard) which may not sound like much, but after a long day walking around the tourist sites and the fact that we used the MRT again in the evenings to visit restaurants at Clarke Quay, I would say the location is not as good as some of the other hotels. The hotel does run a bus service at certain times during the day but preferred to walk than wait around for the bus.We paid extra to stay on the Horizon Club level which has always been very good in other Shangri-La hotels. My opinion is the Horizon Club at this hotel is not as good. We found the service to be slow. Evening cocktails and canap茅s in the Horizon Club lounge was over crowded and therefore difficult to find a seat; during one evening I asked a female member of staff if I could sit where there was two empty glasses and was abruptly informed that a party was sitting there, with no offer of anywhere else to sit, so we sat in the internet room which wasn鈥檛 very enjoyable. On one morning, at breakfast (which is served at the Blu restaurant) we were shown to a table which had previously been used by another guest, as their crumbs were still on the table cloth.Overall good hotel but not sure I鈥檇 pay extra to stay at this Horizon Club. I also agree with TAMember1234鈥檚 review on 3rd March, which I didn鈥檛 read until I returned. You don鈥檛 seem to get a better room if you stay on the Horizon Club floor. The bathroom does not have a separate shower.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	2	5	

<Author>expectant customer
<Content>Super rest at Shangri La       Room 931  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suejessex
<Content>Good Service We stayed at this Hotel for a second time on our way to Langkawi.We stayed for 4 nights and had a Tower room, we did have a couple of small problems when we arrived, but these were soon sorted out by Janet one of the Assistant Managers.The service is excellent as is the location and the Blu Resturant is definatly worth a visit, food and views great.We would stay here again and would recommend it for anyone looking for qaulity and service.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DerbyshireEdyth
<Content>One of the Best in the World My husband and I have just spent 5 days in the acclaimed Valley Wing of this hotel. It is true to say that everything that has been described about this hotel from the greetings and check in on arrival to the beautiful room and equally superb staff, we found to be absolutley accurate. We could not fault anything and we did try!. Sitting in the Champagne Lobby one evening, we were just a little away from the main seating area ,as it was very busy and all the seats taken we were happy to wait to be served when a very smart gentleman came out of the central lift and acknowledged us with a slight nod as he passed. He came bye a few moments later, stopped and enquired had we been attended to, we said no but it wasn't a problem. Immediately he fetched a Floor Butler who not only served us but found us a more convenient place. We asked who the gentleman had been, he said, that was the General Manager of the Hotel.We thought that said it all really. He took the trouble to notice and act to ensure we were looked after as well as they promised.Please keep it up Shangri La we shall return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TAMember1234
<Content>disappointed Like a previous reviewer, we expected our 2 night stay at the Singapore Shangri La to be one of the highlights of our Singapore / Vietnam / Bintan trip. But like that person, we too were disappointed. In 2006 we stayed at the Shangri La , Sydney, on a Horizon Club deal. This was excellent value for money, superb room, great complimentary evening snacks and drinks etc.So we booked the same deal in Singapore. Room was fine, but no better than any other Singapore 4 or 5 star hotel. Bathroom did not have a separate shower, just curtain round bath. We queried whether we were actually in a Horizon room, and were told that it  recently been upgraded to Horizon Status . Other than notepaper with Horizon Club heading, we could see any extra advantages.The complimentary evening snacks were very average, and there were long waits while the empty dishes were replenished. Although the first drinks were brought quickly, the service became markedly slower after that. Eventually my husband tired of waiting for a drink that never came , so we left.Although the hotel has a lovely pool and beautiful gardens, we felt that we had paid over the odds for what we got. We would happily return to the Sydney Shangri La, but not to the Singapore hotel.On our return through Singapore we stayed at the Intercontinental on Middle Rd. Much better value, and better room and breakfast buffet  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>perthwa
<Content>disappointed We have always heard rave reviews about this hotel by friends and on your site. We were recommended by our travel agent to upgrade to a garden suite which we wanted, giving us the impression of a resort in the middle of busy Singapore.Unfortunately for this hotel, we had arrived from Hong Kong after staying at the Kowloon Shangri-la for 7 days with a room overlooking the harbour, the view unbelievable, we were throughly spoilt there, back to this review, we were given a room on level 5, 501, it was poked in a corner around from the lift, the sliding door did not close properly, so the air cond kept making a whistling sound, the room overlooked Orange Grove Rd with no view, so back to reception for the garden wing and asked to move to a room overlooking the pool, all booked out, we booked our stay here back in November 2007! We were moved to a room further along on level 5, 579 at the end, we have no complaint with this room, the person who did our allocation still hasnt looked us in the eye. Overall we feel the hotel is looking very jaded, needs a facelift, the staff you cannot complain about, would we stay here again - no - we frequently come to Singapore and have always stayed at the Fullerton, we thought we would give the Shang a try, the Fullerton wins.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>Ninde
<Content>Superb!       Swimming Pool by night  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cornish007
<Content>Disappointing This was to be the highlight of my trip, i'd seen the pictures on the website, thought the hotel and grounds looked fantastic couldn't wait to stay.Unfortunately we had been booked into a twin room (hotel fault, not travel agent), they were unable to move us, showed us 3 different rooms and in the end charged us to upgrade to a 'larger' room. Check in took approx 1 hour which isn't what you need after a 12 hour flight. A lack of good English spoken at reception didn't help matters. No apology for the incorrect booking,...nothingApart from that the hotel was very nice, although it's public areas do seem to have an identity crisis. Is it a bar or a restaurant? Trying to get served at the groundfloor bar/noodle reataurant / sushi?? whatever, was a nightmare.The penthouse bar was nice, good cocktails, excellent views.But our stay was marred by the check in. It really irked me.One thing though, you'll read reviews that the hotel is a bit of a walk from the action. Rubbish, it's just 3 miunutes from Orchard Road. Would i stay again? Yes, if business were paying. I wouldn't rush to pick up the tab out of my own wallet.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>JCSide
<Content>Impressed by my first Shangri-La Experience !       The lift carpets told you what day it was !  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jos15
<Content>Amazing hotel, amazing service       Part of the bathroom  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tripper21
<Content>Excellent - As always at ShangriLa Excelent - As always.Great Hotel. Excellent Rooms. Excellent Food. Excellent Staff.Large clean modern efficicent room and bathroom - even the lower cost standard rooms are excellent (its just that you dont get a view over the courtyards, thats the main difference)Supreme Service. Shangri La staff all seem to have somehow mastered the art of being efficient and courteous without being overbearing or false. Thats the biggest difference I always notice in a Shangri La propertyLocation just off Orchard Road is great - plenty of bars and restuarants nearby (and an almost-24hrs Borders bookshop and plenty of small shopping malls)Breakfast and evening buffet is spectacular - indescribable - never seen so many different varities of food, all excellently oreaored and rpesented, in the same place at the same time. (I am sure if they werent an endangered species they would have white-tiger-burger and poached-elephant on the menu as well - every other possible food type seems to be there)I usually stay in budget-ish hotels, but if there is a ShangriLa in the city I am visitng I will usually try to use up the goodwill and money saved on budget hotels to splash out on a 4/5 star ShangriLa. They are expensive, but unlike most  expensive hotels, they always deliver excellent value for the moneyExcellent.Could not recommend more highly.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MelbourneFirst
<Content>Shangri-la at a price! I have long been a fan of Shangri-la hotels, and by far the Singapore Shangri-la is the flag ship hotel for the chain. I normally stay in the Valley Wing, which as previous reviews have stated is amazing for service and quality.For my work I normally book up to six months in advance, so as per my normal arrangements I booked the Shangri-la.For a hotel of its quality and reputation, I was surprised to learn that for the upcoming F1 race, the normal room rate of 700Singapore dollars was now 2000Singapore dollars PER NIGHT. Yes a 280+% increase.While I understand that all hotels add a percentage for any new or major event, I would have to question this hotels ethics on this on鈥?/p>  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>escholte
<Content>Shangri La is a Heaven and Haven on Earth We stayed for 3 nights in the Valley Wing. What a fabulous part of a great hotel. It has its own lobby, free champagne bar and absolutely fantastic service - an amazing USP.The impressive lobby with the chic and elegant relaxing areas have superb and friendly staff. The breakfast is served in the sumptuous Summit Room. The comfortable seating areas are serviced all day with snacks, nibbles and canpes with free flowing champagne or what ever else you want. The room was enormous with a carpet thick enough to sleep on. Big bathroom with nice toiletries and extras. Lovely turn down service with scrummy chocolates each night. A truely wonderful stay.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JessieWindermere
<Content>Super Hotel Shangri la Singapore My husband and I are presently on an extended trip to Australia and Malaysia. We started our trip with a three night stay in Singapore at the Shangri La hotel and what a hotel. We arrived at 7.30am after a long over night flight with the superb Singapore Airlines to find our room ready. We had a swift check in and were able to freshen up and have breakfast. Throughout our stay we enjoyed excellent service with one blot on the copy book. We decided to have a meal in the Blu restaurant which is extreemly overpriced, has very slow service and we were nearly overcharged by $200 for a bottle of wine.The restaurant was fairly quiet and every table made some kind of complaint. In comparrison on our last night we ate in the excellent Line restaurant which had a seafood evening and the food and service was second to none. So all in all well done to the Shangri La but avoid the Blu restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alzo
<Content>a stay to remember had the pleasure of passing through singapore and i stayed at the valley wing from start to finish it was a stay to remember all the staff the food the drinks and i promised to mention the floor butlers as they like to be called they excell in their work and nothing is to much for them ,yes the hotel is a little dearer but belive me when all the above is included that is service ,snacks .afternoon tea ,evening drinks ,top class rooms,and lots more just to have the pleasure of dealing with all the staff and nothing else it would have been good value spend a little more and see what you get alan billington  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dancingirlIreland
<Content>The lap of luxury We arrived the day the Asian prime ministers were due to leave after the Asian Summit so security was very strict. However despite this the staff did everything in their power to make us feel welcome. The room was perfect and the view over the pool and gardens was very relaxing in the middle of a city. As we only had six days and a lot ot see, we didn't get as much time as I would have liked to spend at the hotel itself, and as we ate out every night we didn't get to try out the restaurants, however the breakfast was excellent and the choice was amazing.I would definitely stay here again if I am ever back in Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>ptirvine
<Content>I was on business, but felt like a vacation. I went to Singapore on a business trip, but this hotel made me feel like I was on vacation. Good looking hotel, great food, great service, great gym, what can i say. I thought it was great. I wish I could have spent less time at the office and more at the hotel. It just felt like a beach resort, even though I was in the middle of the city. I would definitely come back here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>readingtraveller62
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed here for two nights in January 2008, and really enjoyed the excellent room and impeccable service. My long-haul flight was rather late, and there is really nothing to beat the care and attention of a truly luxurious hotel then. The Shangri-La was truly outstanding, and so I awoke refreshed and ready to face the Singapore humidity. A hard day's sightseeing later, the hotel again acted as a cocoon. The hotel location is excellent, close to Orchard Road but far enough away to be quiet. The gardens are a haven of peace. We only had room service breakfast, but this was also very good, and delivered quickly. I will stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CJH78
<Content>Lovely hotel and nothing is perfect... I stayed here for 3 nights.I think the reason for differing reviews for this place (other than personal taste of course) is this: If you're used to the best hotels (and I'm not saying I am!?) then the flaws in the Shangri La are there. If you're looking at exploiting exchange rates and the fact Singapore is a relatively cheap country, to stay in a nicer hotel than you might usually, in say New York or London, then you will be very impressed. The Asian service mentality, the eat-yourself-to-a-premature-grave-on-lovely-food-from-around-the-world breakfast, the pool and the reflexology are astoundingly good. There are some nice touches, such as a fresh cake in the room and the turn down service when they leave you a pot of jasmin tea. In some parts I think the hotel could do with a makeover, the upgrade options upon arrival (if you pay x dollars you can get this room, with breakfast in this special restaurant, or you could change to the other wing for x dollars) reminded me of a second-hand car showroom and charging $10 for valet parking? You would tip the valet anyway but to ask at a 5 star hotel seems a little tacky.I would stay here again for the breakfast and the service overall, it is a beautiful hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKCultureVulture
<Content>Luxurious We stayed here for 2 nights, but wish it could have been longer. The accommodation and level of service are impeccable. Our room in the tower block was well furnished and had a good bathroom. However, there was only one easy chair and one desk chair so it wasnt ideal for sitting around. We had a beautifully served in-room breakfast which was wheeled in on its own table. The pool was lovely, especially after a hot day sightseeing.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kibo
<Content>Oasis of calm... On walking into the Shangri-La after our flight and cab ride we were immediately at peace. The aura of the place is one of calm and quiet (a few days before Christmas!). Wonderful Christmas tree and subtle decorations too.Recommend spending the cash and taking the buffet breakfast in the main restaurant. Every possible food you could imagine was available and presented superbly. Could have spent most of the morning sampling things! Spent the day relaxing by the massive pool, which was great fun for the kids.Booked a room in the older garden wing (I think this is what it was called), and whilst was evident it was older, the room was comfortable, clean and took the 4 of us (2 kids) easily. Large bathroom too.Did not feel that was in the middle of Singapore as the hotel is located in a lush and green part of town within walking distance of Orchard Road.Booked this hotel as a treat and as we wanted a break on a long trip, to relax, unwind and take it easy. Hotel met all of this and despite paying a touch more than other hotels did not mind as we did feel awayfrom it all.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>TechnoProf
<Content>Outstanding... as usual       Bathroom trinkets  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cornish
<Content>Fabulous Hotel       Bath + TV  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Slimdil
<Content>Fab food - but checkout problem Stayed at the Shangri La for 2 nights on our way back to the UK from Bali. Perhaps we had been spoiled at the Oberoi in Bali where we had had a fabulous villa with our own pool - total privacy, everything was just perfect. Arriving in Singapore was quite a shock to the system!Our stay didn't start off well when we weren't collected at the airport by Tour East. Had to wait an hour and a half! But of course, this wasn't the hotel's fault. When we got to the hotel the staff were very pleasant, although one felt it was rather 'corporate speak', very well rehearsed. We were taken to our Garden Wing room which was very nice, although I felt the bathroom was rather small. However, as someone else said, the white paintwork on the outside of the balconies was badly in need of a clean or a new coat of paint.Our stay was fine - breakfast in The Line was fantastic, as was the buffet dinner there on our second night. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The main problem was on checking out - we had a voucher from Kuoni confirming 2 nights accommodation with breakfast - so we expected only to pay for the dinner on the second night. The hotel had been given a copy of this voucher on our arrival. My husband was duly presented with a bill for 2 nights stay, 2 breakfasts, dinner and $64 for 'telephone calls'. Of course my husband disputed this and the accommodation charge was quickly deleted. However, they said the telephone charge was for 'internet use'. We didn't have our pc with us and hadn't touched the phone for anything at all! The charge was grudgingly taken off the bill and we paid what we had expected to pay. However, my main grouch was that there was not a single word of apology from the reception staff about their error. This marred what had been a perfect holiday up to then - it left a rather bitter taste in the mouth, so to speak. Would I stay there again? I know my husband would flatly refuse - but I think I would give it another go.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Asia_traveler_8
<Content>Room cancellation charge Due to flight delay had to cancell room at the hotel. Had travel agent cancell  re book my trip. Unfortunetly the hotel is still trying to chagre me for two nights stay!Even their reservation staff emailed that they could not waive the cancellation fee for two nights and that I should contact the airline for reimbursement.I will never recommend this hotel again, even after staying there several times for business! Their arrogance is unbelievable and not business friendly!!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>SimonSouthampton
<Content>Wonderful place to stay       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>croc66
<Content>Overpriced and Overated I have traveled with my family (wife and 2 kids) around South Asia for 2 weeks, and decided to spent the last 3 days in Singapore in a 'quality' hotel as a treat. -my mistake-We stayed in the 'Garden Wing' overlooking the pool. The room was large enough, but overall looked quite dated. phone didn't work properly (old) and had problems with lighting. (enterance light worked intermittantly and reading lamp needed replacing)Overall the food was average and when dining at the poolside, (x2) the food kept ariving without the sauces or dips. The pool was large and the kids loved it, however the contant noise from nearby construction sites gets on the nerves quickly.  The 'Line' was good, but not cheap. Best to eat out. Room Service - This was always slow, compared to all other hotels we stayed in. The longest wait was 1 hour for 2 kids meals ordered at 9pm. On one occasion I rang room service for a bucket of ice, only to be told they couldn't talk to me and would ring me back(!?!?) .This has never happened to me in any other hotel I have stayed in before. I contacted the front counter to express my annoyance/amazement but was simply told the issue would be passed on to management. Room service finaly called back about 15 minutes later - no apologies or explanations.My advice to other travellers is stay somewhere else. At SG$550 per nite (++ taxes, fees etc) I feel this hotel is way overpriced for what it offers. Many other hotels in Singapore can provide better for around half the price.I chose this hotel based on reviewes from this site and others. Will be more sceptical in the future.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>daccas
<Content>I just don't get it!! I've used Tripadvisor for 5 years now and it's NEVER let me down....until now.We stayed in the Garden Wing and i have to say it all felt very dated. The room itself was OK but the bathroom looked old fashioned and the whole balcony area, front doors and the general presentation looked very tired. The walls of the garden wing were a very off-white and badly in need of a new paint job. Funnily enough, on our last day we noticed they had started doing just that. The food was very good with lots of selection but on our final day (a Saturday) we were horrified when we went down to the restaurant to get a table only to be told they were fully booked! We couldn't believe that as guests of the hotel we had to book a table! The gym was quite good and the pool was of a decent standard but the other major issue we had was the location of the hotel. It's a good 15 minute taxi ride to the city centre so if you're only staying in Singapore for a short period of time I wouldnt recommend this hotel. Furthermore, it's not cheap and i didn't feel we got value for money. Would not stay here next time.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>gl0betrekkeruk
<Content>The Shangri-la is a Beautiful Hotel       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FionaHenderson
<Content>The most wonderful hotel We had a 10 night stay in Shangri-la last year. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are lovely.We had a garden room with a balcony overlooking pool - it was very clean and quiet.The pool is clean and has a lifeguard, he was needed as a man took ill in pool, and they spotted it right away and helped.The food it is wonderful, but the line rest. is quite dear - but you can have a what they call a High Tea in the Rose Varanda - its really a meal in itself - so we ate there.The line for breakfast was out of this world - the staff again wonderful.I would recommend this hotel to anyone...................is you want spoilt for a resonable price ----------------go to Shangri La.You can book your trips there, or just hitch a taxi and go out yourself.Dont miss the Dragon Boat tour - great.Jurong Park was ok.The Night Safari and Zoo are wonderful but do them on different days.China Town - wowAnd try Tangs Store - lovely shop and helpful staff.Singapore is the most wonderful city, very safe, and very clean and you can eat any kind of food.We are picky and we were never ever hungry.Cant wait to go back and it will be to the Shangi-laGo and enjoy  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Christo8
<Content>Simply the best Our taxi driver from the airport described the Valley Wing of the Shangri-La hotel as being '6 Star' and he was right. This trip, at New Year, was our third visit to the Shangri-La in five years and we were not disappointed in any way. This hotel has all the fixtures and fittings of a top class hotel, but what makes it, and the Valley Wing in particular, special is the staff. They are an impeccable team who ensure that every aspect of your stay a delight.Perceptions of the excellent service are enhanced by a bar in the Valley Wing that is 鈥渃omplementary鈥?(albeit built into the room price) and generous to a fault. Not advertised, but also complementary are sandwich lunches in the Valley Wing lounge. Breakfast in the Summit Room spoils you for breakfast anywhere else ... but do have dinner one day at The Line (the hotel's main restaurant) which is fantastic.The hotel hosted its own New Year function but we chose to go to IndoChine at Empress Place 鈥?an excellent evening and an annual event. If you鈥檇 rather save your pennies there are excellent fireworks at The Esplanade and the subway stayed open to 2am.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishWorldTraveler
<Content>The only place to stay Out of all the hotels I have stayed in, in Singapore. The Shangri-La tops the list. Excellent location, excellent and well equipped rooms and above all the staff are professional, friendly and helpful. Be care though when upgrading at the hotel to ensure that the price quoted includes service and GST charges as often it is not.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>overthereoverhere
<Content>Amazing experience From the minute we arrived at the Shangri-La we were treated like royalty, our limo doors were opened for us and our luggage taken straight to our room,check in was quick and efficient and we were shown to our room. The room was everything we had hoped and more at first the bed looked short but we soon found that far from this it was exceptionally wide giving the impression of a short bed. Everything you could need wheteer staying on busines or pleasure had been provided right down to an umbrella  street map.The room was very spacious with wonderful views.We were welcomed with a bowl of fresh fruit and brought some rather nice jasmine tea, we were en-route to Australia where we were to be married and the Shangri-La delivered a complimentary congratulation cake to our room.The entrance foyer is very impressive with spectacular chandaliers, the hotel has a great pool and lovely landscaped gardens.We dined in most of the restaurants during our stay and found them to be all very diferent experiences: -Blu - Located at the top of the tower is the best dining experience we have ever had anywhere in the world, it doesnt come cheap but was well worth it, the food was exquisite the service second to none and the champagne the best I have tasted outside of Reims. The view was also spectaclar.The Line - A collection of small kitchens serving many different foods i.e. Indian, Sushi, Fish, deserts etc they also have a special night where you can eat and drink as much as you want from any or all of the kitchens, this was really good value for money and gave us the opportunity to try food which we had not had before.Shang Palace - This is a chinese restaurant wonderful decor but we were disappointed by the service and the menu, if you are used to Chinese restaurants in the UK you will find it difficult as nothing on the menu was anything like we get at home, unfortunately it was also very expensive.Rose Veranda -an english afternoon tea experience, fantastic food a selection of tea and coffee which would be difficult to better anywhere and all served by beautiful and immaculately dressed waitresses.We will definately be back.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grantmac
<Content>Hard to Fault Stayed for 2 nights in the Valley Wing. Suites are huge - even managed to impress our teeenage son, which is quite an achievement. Room decor is hotel classic ie: will disappoint those looking for chic, but clean and very well maintained. Facilities are excellent. Best features of the Valley Wing are1. Separate dining room. Families with attendant screaming children encouraged to use the main hotel dining room. Makes for a very pleasant dining experience;2. Canapes and drinks (including Champagne) served in the main foyer area gratis from 3pm onwards. Service and friendliness is absolutely outstanding - the best we have come across. One of the reasons for this is that the Wing Manager is in constant attendance. Spoke to guests at breakfast, drinks in the afternoon and saw him very sensitively deal with an elderly complainant. Also saw him plumping the cushions and making a presentation to a guest who was celebrating his 70th birthday. In most hotels, even the top ones, the manager is never seen and far to important to deal directly with guests. This manager positively relished the task. In my view it is this approach which makes the difference. Would not hesitate to recommend or stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Hampshire123
<Content>Great Stay at the Shangri-La We stayed at the Shangri-La's Valley Wing over Christmas 2007. The rooms were great and everything worked really well - breakfast, lounge area, laundry service, room service, housekeeping, business centre internet access - the staff were really helpful and extremely efficient. We stayed here before some years ago and knew it was a 10 minute walk to Orchard Road. We used the MRT - getting the oyster like cards on the first day at Orchard and topping them up once with cash at the same desk. The MRT and buses are easy to use. It's worth checking the websites of places you want to go as they are very precise about combinations of MRT and bus to get there. The Zoo is fantastic, as is the Jurong Bird Park. Sentosa is massively developed since our last trip but our teenager is studying WW2 so a trip to Fort Siloso helped his understanding. We attended St Andrew's Cathedral on Christmas Day and they were very welcoming.There's loads of brilliant places to eat in SIngapore - we would recommend Bombay Woodland in Tanglin Road Shopping Centre, just down the road. The Straits Kitchen at the Hyatt in Scotts Road is OK - obviously lots of Singaporeans celebrate their birthday there. We were at the Line on Christmas day for one of their excellent Festive Buffets - probably like one of their unfestive buffets but with turkey and a very good local choral group singing Christmas music. We never got to the pool but it looked inviting. The Valley Wing was great - we'd recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shastar
<Content>Mixed feelings Just returned from a two-night stopover at the Shangri-La's Tower Wing on the way back from New Zealand. Our expectations were high given the hotel's impeccable reputation - and not quite met. We had to change the room twice, which is a bit unusual for such a short stay. To keep it short: room#1 had a very bad smell (hotel was aware of the issue, so the room change went very quickly), room #2 was directly facing the elevators, which were extremely noisy - no sleep after 6 a.m. at all. Room #3 was finally ok. Although issues of this kind can happen at every large hotel, we haven't heared even a single word of apology from the hotel stuff or management, which was somewhat disappointing.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	3	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>dozydai
<Content>Loved the hotel,the staff, the ambiance etc etc etc etc       view of gardens and pool from my room  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissyGalway
<Content>Fantastic Shangri Singapore We stayed here for five nights and it was wonderful.We got an upgrade without asking and complimentary breakfast.The check in staff and porters were fantastic and really helpful.The room a garden suite on the seventh floor was amazing large and very comfy and clean.The restaurant aline serving breakfast was just unreal so many types of international meals at different stations you just wandered around and helped yourself.The rooftop restaurant was a treat for us on our last night and was it worth it. My husband is anaphalextic toshellfish and fish same as the well known peanut allergy It was never a problem in either restaurant the level of service and personal care is the best we have ever experienced particulary as it is one of the main foods of the Asian countries.The location is brillant a one minute stroll from Orchard Road.Thank you shangri La for making our visit to Singapore extra special  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Scousie
<Content>Mixed feelings       Beautiful flowers in the lobby  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ajhaeh
<Content>A winner on the service       Room  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsraynor
<Content>fantastic We arrived at the shangri-la hotel on the 16th November 2007, one of many stops on the way to get married in Fiji. We booked a tower wing room. But on arrival got offered an upgrade but at a cost of 拢80 for three nights. The room was beautiful,overlooking the city. On the table for us was a gorgeous congratulations cake. The staff were fantastic, and spent each of our three night stop, sipping cocktails.Book this hotel for that special occasion. Its worth every penny  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B_in_Ottawa
<Content>Beautiful, but Overrated Hotel When you enter the Shangri-la Singapore, you are in utter amazement of the beauty and decor of the main lobby. However, there's a pretentiousness within the hotel that permeates in every corner. Our room was spacious and clean, although it could have used a bit of upgrading in the carpet and walls. The staff, for the most part, was very helpful and friendly. The location of the hotel isn't great as it not near a metro line and it's about a 15-minute walk to Orchard. The hotel, however, does provide a shuttle service to main shopping areas and the metro, but its hours stop relatively early.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>Just-Married21907
<Content>A Fantastic Hotel... in a Fantastic country! We stayed for 3 days in Singapore on route to Bali for our Honeymoon, and we wish we had stayed here longer! The hotel is lovely, the staff are so helpul and the pool area is great - you do not for one second feel as though you are in the middle of a city! We stayed in the Garden Wing and our room was a good size with a balcony over-looking the pool area. We ate at the restaurant Blu one of the nights and it was great, a bit pricey but well worth it. It is then really nice to go through to the bar area and have a few champange cocktails as the views from the bar and restaurant are amazing! We had breakfast at the Line, again, you really cannot fault anything about this place - the choice of different types of food has to be seen to be believed and although it is buffet style, the turnaround of food is so quick that nothing gets cold! I never thought I would eat curry for breakfast though... :) ! When we go back to Singapore.. and I say when because we definitely will, this will be the hotel we stay at, without a doubt! p.s. there is an area of Singapore called Clarke Quay which has really cool bars/restaurants/clubs - it is defintely worth a visit. We didn't find out about this place until our last night there which was a bit of a shame!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MadSci
<Content>Shangri-La heaven       Impressive Main Lobby  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brianally
<Content>Beware! A beautiful hotel, with staff that smile and greet you politely but BEWARE of improper credit card authorisations, lost bookings and very slow response to rectify these problems. My husband and I recently stayed at the Valley Wing for two nights prior to a cruise on Superstar Virgo for our 25th Wedding Anniversary. The hotel had incorrectly cancelled our booking and not reinstated it even though I presented the voucher showing all the details. Unbeknown to my husband and I, instead of just using the credit card details they took for hotel incidentals, they took SGD1800 to cover our booking- even though I had booked and paid in full more than a year earlier. It was a full 24 hours later before they sorted the mess out and a cake and flowers were sent to our room- too late I'm afraid.To add to this, we stayed at the Tower wing for one night post cruise. We presented our vouchers for both accommodation and breakfasts, and were sent to our lovely room where roses, wine and cake were waiting. Lovely! But again, I am now going to have to wait TWO WEEKS for them to refund the breakfasts of SGD87.10 they incorrectly charged to our credit card. I have had to ring them 4 times and sent an email that was replied with basically a get lost and get your travel agant to try and get it back. So be aware, they are unscrupulous and superficial. I will not be going back no matter how prestigious the hotel is. Their behaviour has soured our holiday.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	2	-1	5	

<Author>KKmad
<Content>Wow!....But! Wow!....But!Wow!!Returned on Wednesday from 5 nights in Singapore鈥檚 Shangri La where we celebrated our 25th Wedding aniversary. Our first impressions were Wow! We arrived on the 16th November and stayed in the Horizon Club Premier Room and it was fabulous. Huge room and bathroom with everything you could possibly need at your finger tips. The staff were so friendly and the pool and gardens are magnificent.But鈥︹€?!!On Sunday the 18th November things changed dramatically. We discovered that the ASEAN Summit was to be held at our Hotel and our paradise very quickly became a prison.To get out of the hotel we had to fight our way through crowds of reporters and photographers in the lobby.To get into the Hotel was a nightmare with security inspecting every thing and every one.The Hotel and its surrounding area was heavily patrolled by armed police and the army personnel. Taxis鈥?were reluctant to go through the security inspections to get to the hotel.We tried to work our activities around the shuttle bus only to find the Rasa Sentosa Resort/Shangri La Hotel shuttle that was advertised did not operate any more and on Monday evening the city shuttle was cancelled with out any prior warning.What did the hotel do to compensate its guest 鈥?you may ask?On the first 2 days of the Summit there was a team of hotel personnel who stood at the exit of the security screens. They came up and offered an obviously pre-instructed sincere apology for the inconvenience and that was it!With the taxi situation we were told rather secretively by the commissioner that he could be arranged a car for $25.00 for what we then found was only $6.70 taxi ride. The same guy also pushed a Limo service for an extra fee and slipped us a piece of paper with his name and number in it.Sunday pm I consulted reception with concerns about the environment we found ourselves in - hoping we could transfer to the Rasa Sentosa Resort (Shangri la) but was told that there was nothing they could do because we were booked through a travel agent. I did not pursue the matter as it was obvious the staff had bigger fish to fry and we just had to do the best we could.We have returned home feeling a little bitter from the experience. This was a special occasion for us and the atmosphere at the hotel was extremely tense and uncomfortable. I just wish we had prior warning so we could make other arrangements  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>thejollytravellers
<Content>perfect in every way This was our first visit to Singapore en route to Australia to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary. We spent two nights at Shangri La and didn't want to leave!It was perfect in every way - a magnificent hotel. Our garden room was extremely comfortable, the service was superb and the pool and gardens stunning. We will definitely return - we can't fault it!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dave5650
<Content>1 week of relaxation (complete with balcony) Stayed at the hotel from the 21/10/07-27/10/07 (6nights).Arrived at the hotel at the hotel at 07.30 and although you cant officially check in till 14.00hrs, i was suprised when the receptionist wanted to charge me an additional full nights stay (拢175) even though my room was ready. I challanged the receptionist and they agreed to charge me for half a day.The Hotel is in general excellent.We stayed in the garden wing as my wife and i wanted a balcony. The room has everything you need, from toothpaste, cotton buds, sewing kit, shampoo, dressing gowns, slippers (some guests chose to wear these around the pool) tea + coffee, mini bar, you name it it was available and even if it wasn`t the hotel would have provided it for you. ( we asked for an extra sunbed on the balcony and it was there before i could say Boo)We had room service the first night, served on the balcony, the quality of service and the standard of the food was excellent.We slept in most days till lunch time (i blame the fabulous comfy beds) and the staff would always have our room made up late afternoon. There was also a turn down service.You can be served food and drinks around the pool all day and the food is brought to your sun lounger on a small table.The poolside staff also provide foot and full body massages and the pool is open till 10pm which is nice after you have been out all dayThere rerstraunts are always busy but are quite expensive, the quality and service are what you are paying for.The Blue bar on the top floor of the Tower wing is worth a visit, cocktails start about 拢15 ahead but the view is outstanding.The gymnasium is ultra modern and has a great view of the pool.On the down side, the hotel has many function rooms and is used by buisnesses during the week and for weddings at the weekend, however this should not put you off as the intereference is minimal.Taxis are plentiful outside the hotel entrance.The hotel is situated at the top end of Orchard RD and Orchard Road is a short walk (10 min max). Here you will find many bars, restraunts and shops, every one you have at home and more. One recommendation to travellers is goto the Irish Bar Muddy Murphys, about a 12 min walk from the hotel (dont worry you are perfectly safe in Singapore to walk about at anytime) Great atmosphere, good food, the Guiness is outstanding (especially when its free on Halloween) I was in Singapore 13 years ago and prices then seemed extortionate, now there is so much competition prices have stayed the same. Prices are about the same as the UK like for like.A truly fabulous holiday.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>icedkachang
<Content>Loved the Shangri-La experience I had been to singapore when i was 18, and had wandered into the Shangri La lobby to take a peek, and i was so impressed i was determined to make it back someday. too bad it took 15 years but better late than never! this is a fantastic hotel, check in service was speedy and impeccable. our rooms were booked in the Tower Suite, but they werne't ready (this was around 2 in the afternoon) so they offered to upgrade us to an apartment suite, which we accepted. this was lovely and had a kitchen, living room, two bathrooms, and two seperate bedrooms. it also had its own pool which was an added bonus, since the pool in the main hotel looked extremely busy and there weren't any empty seats.we got a welcome basket of chinese tea, and on the last day we were given a box of compelmentary chocolates because they were sorry about giving us a different room. absolutely stupendous service! all staff were wonderful. the location is great, just 5 minutes away to orchard road which is the main shopping street. they even have a shuttle service to and from the hotel, they will take you right to the MRT (subway) which is superconvenient and easy to use. breakfast in the Line resturant is expensive, but sooo good... many many choices to be made. they even had dim sum, muslim food, an entire wall of muffins and pastries, tropical fruit, 6 different types of juices. the hotel was busier than usual due to ASEAN summit (lots of police, secret service around) but this had no impact on our enjoyment of our holidaybeds were so comfortable and everything was lovely, including lavender toiletries. highly recommend it!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cezar1
<Content>The Best Left a bad review of a different 5* so to give balance here's a great one. We stayed last year as friends live in Singapore. The Shangri-La was just wonderful from beginning to end. Rooms great, service top-notch and best of all the location - just out of the way enough to be a quiet oasis but central enough to be convenient.I would recommend eating out every night though. The food in the hotel is great but the food everywhere in Singapore, street corners to restaurants, is both fantastic and cheap (for instance don't but bottled water from the hotel unless you want an expensive suprise). If you're flying over from the UK go with Emirates then you've got the best hotel combined with the best airline.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Surfachick
<Content>Fantastic The best hotel in Singapore for ovcerall ambience and service. Great for families with a big free form pool and spacious rooms with balconies overlooking the pool and lush gardens. The Line restaurant in the morning or for lunch is a real experience and the food is delectable. Will return again and again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holydaze
<Content>I love this hotel This hotel really is special, I wish I could live in the Garden wing of the Shangri La. Located in gardens far away from the rushing hordes but convenient enough to Orchard road and the MRT everything about this place shows an attention to luxurious detail. The staff are friendly and helpful and go out of their way to make you feel special, the rooms are large and well set out. (I find hotels without remote control curtains somewhat lacking now-oh the hardship of not being able to check the weather without getting out of bed!)I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else in Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>doc-dragon
<Content>Faultless OK, I may be biased, having been upgraded to the top suite of the Valley Wing on arrival, but the Shangri-La, Singapore is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. My wife and I plus three children arrived tired and bedraggled after a 12 hour economy flight from the UK and were immediately made to feel like the most important guests they'd ever had with all the ladies, including our three year old, being presented with orchids. The reception team seemed more excited than us at being able to give us a complimentary upgrade.I could go on at length about the exemplary service, the beautifully appointed rooms, the variety of dining and drinking options, the pool and the location but this is a hotel best experienced rather than read about. Simply outstanding.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kevinsreview
<Content>fantastic hotel you cannot better it!!! I have only one thing to say FANTASTIC!!!! the best hotel i have ever stayed in for food and service just book it and go you will not be dissapointedtip, get your nembership of the horizon club on rooms above 16th floor and get all the free drinks and breakfast  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyingdutchman06
<Content>100% Perfect - Valley Wing is heaven on earth       Seating area  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tnstvlr
<Content>What an Oasis The Shangri La, Singapore was built in the mid 1970s and is on the west side fo the City - It is about a 10 minute walk to the beginning of Orchard Road - tons of shopping and people watching - bring your wallet! Since it is on the outskirts of the city, it is literally an oasis. There is an incredible swimming pool in the middle of the complex. We stayed in one of the garden wing rooms (an upgrade from the standard rooms in the tower) and it was fabulous! Bouganvilla on the balcony overlooking the pool and an oversized room was spectacular. The only complaint might be that the air conditioning was not quite up to the job. Everything else was spectacular. A great place to get away from the downtown crowds.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dillpop
<Content>Amazing place This is quite simply the best hotel we have ever stayed at. We stayed in the Valley Wing as the last leg of our honeymoon and from the minute we arrived everything was absolutely first class, including giving my wife flowers on arrival, putting rose petals in the shape of a heart on the bed and giving us a lovely note and cake. The lobby and rooms are beautiful, with lovely furnishings and are very comfortable. You even get a chandalier in your room and a TV built into the bathroom wall so you can watch in the bath. Champagne is on tap in the lobby and the breakfast is amazing. The best thing about the hotel in general and the Valley Wing in particular, however, is the staff. They are ridiculously helpful and efficient but also extremely warm and friendly. It was an absolute pleasure staying here and we would love to go back. The pool area is also lovely and we would really recommend the BLU restaurant on the top floor of the Tower Wing for fantastic modern French cuisine overlooking the skyline of Singapore at night. This place is wonderful.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rackoala
<Content>garden wing rooms good :) just stayed in ShangriLa for 2 nights... had a room at the garden wing side... the surroundings are very nice, full of greens and you just feel so relax.. away from the busy city.... but of cos, it is still very near to Orchard Road... Feel better if you have transport..as walking may be a bit tiring as the hotel is located uphill... room: stayed at 9th floor..(highest floor in garden wing).. nice view, check in was fast..... room size is good... balcony is spacious enough.... overall is good.... as i here for business purpose and it suits well for me... yap.. had buffet lunch at The Line... quite a lot of choices ... not bad... can try :)  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dRobke
<Content>Great stay at the Shangri-La I stayed at the Shangir-La in November 2006 on a business trip (3 nights) and enjoyed the calm surroundings and excellenta accomodations. The hotel reception is friendly and personilised. We had someone sit down with us in the reception area, and she took us through the check-in procedure in an enjoyable manner. the rooms are spacious and luxurious, and well suited to accomodate business travelers (internet connection, desk, ...). We had buffet dinners special for our group, so I cannot comment on teh restaurant service, but usually the quality of the dinner in the buffet were OK (not amazing quality, but above average). Same applies for the breakfast, which was served in the confernece area. The swimming pool is not ig, but very calm and well kept. Towel service was fast and the towels were clean. I enjoyed the swimming area a lot. The confernece rooms were good, with an old school chiq feel, which is nice if you have all day meetings. The hotel is situated close to orchard road (5-10 min. walk), which is nice to shop.The bar at the top level, served nice drinks for a good price, but got a bit crowded around 10-11 pm.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spurious
<Content>A Dissapointing Return I have previously stayed at the Shang and enjoyed it's unrivalled Valley Wing experience. This time however, I booked through Singapore Airline's 'Singapore Stopover' programme. As attractive as this may first appear, I'd advise against it, not only because their so-called 'special prices' are easily matched by certain websites, but also, and chiefly, because you are not able to specify what standard of room you desire, meaning you will be lumped with the basic (Tower Wing) and have to hope that there is availability in your desired level when you arrive. When I arrived, the Valley Wing was fully booked and I was upgraded to the Garden Wing, which comes with a balcony. The room was of a good standard, although the $100 difference between this and the Valley is immeaurably better value for money then the $100 per night upgrade I paid for the Garden Wing upgrade. The level of service and helpfullness of the staff is everything I have come to appreciate from a hotel widely regarded as providing a world benchmark in this area.My only real problem came on checkout. I was provided with my bill showing me what had been deducted from my deposit. I found that despite taking the upgrade fee on check-in, it had been re-applied and removed from my deposit, meaning effectively that I had paid it twice. I was not provided with a receipt for the upgrade on check-in and was refused a refund for it, met only with vague promises that they'll see what they can do and email me in due course. On top of this, I was charged for the complimentary breakfast and had to argue my rather obvious case that the charge should be removed, which it eventually was. Given that the hotel is as good as the price you pay for it, I'm forced to mark the Shang down considerably for this. Because they did not provide a receipt for my upgrade and charged me for it twice, I ended up paying the equivilent of a Valley Wing stay.My advise? Don't go through any airline 'deals' programme. Book exactly what you want before you get there and you won't run into this problem. If you do, make sure you get a receipt for everything and be prepared to have to show it on check-out.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	4	2	

<Author>DRKR
<Content>Valley Wing = Champagne Wing! The Valley Wing at the Shangri-La is a must! Familiar atmosphere, the absolute friendly and warm staff members knew our name from the first day. In the Lobby all Champagne (Moet Chandon) is free, you will get a glass even when you wait 3 minutes for a taxi... Service is Top-end, nothing to do better. Rooms are beautiful and large, garden and pool-site are very relaxing, so I spent most of the afternoons in the pool with our baby-daughter. If you go to the Shangri-La, book the Valley Wing! Enter the Lobby, sit down, relax and sip your Champagne... Thanks a lot, Achem!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bella36
<Content>Superb Shangri-La What can I say that hasn't already been said about this wonderful hotel? This is truly how a 5 star hotel should be! The service is impeccable from the moment you arrive, with friendly ,smiling faces everywhere and nothing you require is too much trouble for them. I stayed in the Garden Wing and my room and balcony were HUGE, luxurious and spotlessly clean.The breakfast buffet at The Line was the best I have ever seen, with the Eggs Benedict and orange juice to die for. Just why their orange juice is so much better than everyone else's I don't know - but it just is!! The food, service and view at the Blu restaurant is a bit pricey but again simply wonderful. The elegant afternoon tea at The Rose Verandah was superb, with a huge choice of sandwiches, crab cakes, sushi, curry, quiches, pastries and yummy desserts. It was so much better than Raffles High Tea where I had the impression they couldn't wait for us to leave so they could put other people at our table. In contrast High Tea at The Shang is like from a bygone age of luxury and relaxation.The location of the hotel is very convenient - away from the noise of Orchard Rd but only a 10 minute walk or a 6 dollar taxi ride. The hotel also provides a free shuttle bus to the shopping malls.There is a magnificent swimming pool and gardens to relax in, with attentive pool boys bringing you cool towels and iced water for free. In all I would say that my stay at The Shangri-La was the best hotel experience that I have ever had (and I have stayed in some very good and famous hotels throughout the world) and I cannot recommend it highly enough. I will most definately be back!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>niadan
<Content>Fabulous Stayed here for the second part of our honeymmon. Right from the moment we arrived it was fantastic. The staff were so friendly and polite, nothing we asked for was a problem. We stayed in the garden wing. It is a bit seventies style and could may be do with a little updating but we had a lovely pool view and nice big balcony. The bed was super big and comfortable. The bathroom was lovely with a seperate shower and bath. Plenty of lovely toiletries. There was everything you could want in your room. It was spotlessly clean. There was fresh fruit and chinese tea and a congratulations cake for us. We ate in the Line for breakfast and lunch which was lovely and an amazing selection. We had room service most days which was really tasty. We had dinner in Bleu which is fine dining. Don't be fooled by the barfood title as we were. There is a dresscode. the food was really tasty and service exceptional. We also had drinks in the bar and had a nice view of the city. (Not as nice as the view in Equinox restaurant the next night at the Swissotel.) We also had lunch in the lobby bar and was very good. All the staff everywhere are a pleasure to deal with, nothing is a problem. The location is great, just a short walk to Orchard Road and a short taxi to anywhere else you want to go. All in all fantastic. I cannot recomend this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alainef
<Content>All that you need in a 5 star hotel, but it is missing.... AMBIENCE!!! Feels like a convention center hotel.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wendigirl
<Content>honeymoon bliss?? the Shangrila Singapore is must stay destination in Singapore. just up from Orchard Rd it is ideally situated. It may not be the cheapest but it is the best. Just check out the chandeliers in the lobby! Limo pickups are easliy arranged. SERVICE is guaranteed and every possible food combination is available for breakfast alone. The stunning pool area has artistic ambience, especially at night! Warm tropical and romantic, you couldnt find a nicer or more luxurious stay. Upgrade to the garden wing for the extra little priveleges. You dont need to be on your honeymoon to stay there but it will seem like it before you leave. Opulent luxurtY and fist class service and facilites. Everty amenity is available. One negative word, - dont try the poolside pizza!!I have stayed there 3 times already. Go on spoil yourself!!!!! YOU are guaranteed to return!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>123cat
<Content>Amazing stay! Me and my husband stayed here a second time for the start of our honeymoon and we could not have asked for a better start to the holiday. We upgraded to the Valley Wing and it was worth every penny. The lounge includes Moet champagne and yummy cocktails free flowing from 10am until 11pm, afternoon tea with freshly baked scones and finger sandwiches, a la carte breakfast. the staff were very attentive but not overly so. The room was fantastic very comfortable, a great view with large window, extremely comfortable bed, lovely bathroom, close to Orchard Road. Although we did get out and about we couldnt wait to get back to the welcoming comforts of the hotel after a long day. The outdoor pool is wonderful a nice place to relax. Everything was Perfect! And we had a yummy chocolate mousse cake delivered to the room as a honeymoon gift.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alena&Steve
<Content>A great Singapore choice Stayed at the Singapore Shang recently in the Garden wing. This is a beautiful hotel from all aspects. The room was spacious, clean and well appointed and most importantly the bed was comfortable. Ate in two of the restaurants; the cafe has a great dinner buffet which includes a variety of Indian, Chinese, western and seafood choices (including lobster), the Blu restaurant on the top floor is a fine dining choice and although good quality comes at a hefty price. Service through out was without fault.I cannot think of a better hotel gym and the automated climbing wall makes for an interesting work out. The pool is huge(lagoon style approx 100m in length) and suitable for laps or relaxing and the gardens, especially the waterfall garden in the garden wing, are beautiful. Although not located on Orchard Rd it is only a 10 min walk down the road but would advise taking an umbrella as the weather can turn pretty quickly which we found out. The best hotel we have stayed at in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussies1
<Content>Kids loved the pool Our family stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on our return to Australia from Europe in early October. Unfortunately, we had a bad start which did impact upon our stay. Upon arrival early evening after a long flight from Rome we were faced with a mistake with our booking. I had booked and paid for two 'Garden Wing' rooms (breakfast included) with Asia Rooms (locally RMG Tours). We were told that only one room had been reserved for us and that breakfast was not included. After about 45 minutes of questioning with no apologies and being made to feel we were at fault, we were finally given two rooms (not interconnecting and only one with a view). We were told we could change to interconnecting rooms the following evening. (This did not happen as two interconnecting rooms with garden views did not become available). The hotel said they would contact RMG tours in the morning. (This was not done and my husband had to call RMG Tours himself). My husband also requested from the hotel copies of the paper work they had received from RMG tours (This paperwork he never received).RMG Tours confirmed that we had booked and paid for two 'Garden Wing' rooms although they were unsure about whether breakfast was included. They called the hotel and late the next morning (after breakfast) all was finally confirmed. We were never able to ascertain whom was at fault. We did however receive wine and chocolates from the hotel. My advice don't use asiarooms.com and certainly don't use any website that asks for payment prior to travel. Always call the hotel a few days prior to arriving to confirm your booking.Overall the hotel was very nice - what you would expect of a 5 star hotel. Our teenage kids loved the pool. It wasn't too tricky getting a seat as can be at some hotels. I think this was because the staff removed lonesome towels regularly. Breakfast was excellent (but the best ever is the Jumeriah Beach Hotel in Dubai). Beds were very spacious and comfortable. We would stay here again but I would book directly and confirm prior to arrival.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>ARMR_7
<Content>Singapore Upon entering was greeted with a warm welcome. Arrived at Reception desk and was poured a glass of champagne - what a start. The lobby is magnificent and the room was everything I expected of a 1st class hotel. The bar at the top at nightime is great for a cocktail. Will certainly be back again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anahira21
<Content>Beautiful Rooms  The rooms at the Shangri-La were absolutely beautiful. Really modern and clean with a nice free fruit and chocolate basket waiting! Book a high floor to get a great room and great service. Must visit The Line Restaurant for an experience like no other. Chefs cooking different cuisines from around the world will whip up whatever you want from ingredients on display that you can choose. It's kinda like a buffet, you just walk around to different stations and order or take whatever you want. The dessert station is fabbo! Don't book in the resort area - those rooms didn't look very nice. Stay in the corporate tower.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fazsmr
<Content>Loved the Shangri-la Me and my partner arrived at the Shangri-la early in the morning around 7.30am. Thought of keeping our luggage at the concierge and then come back to check in later. I was attended by their Manager. Very kind of him to let me check in eventhough it was very early. He then showed us to our room. Room was spacious and well decorated.Standard of the service in this hotel were awesome. Staffs greeted you by name. Professional and attentive.Swimming pool area perhaps was the best. Can see why it is fulled throughout the time. And health club was good too.Had dinner at The Line. Food was very well presented and the quality was indeed good.Concierge were very helpful and gave me late check out at 4pm.I have found my shangri-la. Paradise on earth, the Shangri-la.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Eszti
<Content>Absolutely amazing! My husband and I stayed in this hotel for the first part of our honeymoon back in July 2006.This hotel was absolutely amazing. I have never seen such a beautiful hotel in my life; the atrium looked incredible with huge beautiful flowers, the breakfast area is just amazing too ; it is modern and comfortable with the best variety of food choices I have ever seen in a hotel. The beach area is a little bit small for such a huge hotel but it is very well kept, there are fresh towels available all the time and the pool staff is very helpful. The rooms are amazing too. They are spacious, comfortable and clean. This hotel worth every penny you pay for! I would recommend it to anyone. The location of the hotel is also great, it is only 5 minutes walk from one of the main shopping street and bus/metro stop.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ppoh
<Content>Good but not fantastic I guess this hotel has won all the possible awards there are. I have stayed at three room types lately: standard Tower Wing room, Horizon Club in the Tower Wing, and this time in a Garden Wing room. One attribute for all the rooms is: a bit old. I mean everything is clean, staff is nice, location is fine, but the rooms just feel a bit old to call this a great hotel. My current room in the Garden Wing was nice but the traffice noise (I was on 5th floor just above the road the taxis take to the reception) was a bit loud. Nice touch was the separate reception - my travel agent just did not tell me about that.The Horizon Club room was enormous and the special reception upstairs exclusive. But again... a bit old.However, the pool is great - big enough for exercise, the gym is one of the best in hotels I have seen, the massage in the health club was good, and the breakfast in the Line was superb.Staff was one of the best in the world.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Travel_Lover_HK
<Content>A lush oasis in Singapore This hotel is so lush and green and really sets itself apart from the other city hotels. Even thought it's not centrally located, it's only a 5-10 minute walk down to Orchard Road where the MRT station is. There are also free hotel shuttle buses which run every hour. Rooms were clean and spacious and there was a daily free fruit selection and newspaper delivered to the room. The best bit has got to be the buffet breakfast at The Line. Simply divine! So much choice and so much food. We spent an hour eating breakfast here every morning!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>Gloucs
<Content>A heaven on earth Superb in every way - room/ service/ cleanliness/ food/ etc We stayed for a couple of nights here and wished we could have stayed a week ! The whole place is so relaxing and the food is excellent. We ate in most of the restaurants and were spoilt for choice The service is charming, efficient and professional. They genuinely seems to care about you. It deserves its five stars. I want to go back - soon!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sraj
<Content>my very favourite hotel This was our second visit to the hotel following our 4 night stay last year and was the stopover on our return from Australia.We had a great stay last year and I have to say I was a bit worried about it not living up to our memories. How wrong I was. From the time we stepped out of the hotels limo from the airport to the time we stepped back in, it was fantastic. We stayed in a pool view valley wing room and made use of the lounge alot. The pool is great, a real resort in the middle of a city, but if you play the mini golf course next to it make sure you spray yourself liberally with insect repellant. It has got us both times. Pool service is great with the usual cold towels, fresh fruit and iced water.Took our breakfast in the line each morning. In my view the best breakfast buffet in the world.The rooms are very large with excellent bathrooms. Every item you could need in the bathroom is provided and it's great to run a hot bath with crystals and lie back and watch tv.The lounge is great. The champagne at night is wonderful and I have to mention Amin, one of the butlers, he really looked after us making a great fuss of my son and keeping him supplied with special fruit cocktails.All in all I would highly reccomend it.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PauloB66
<Content>Shangri La Singapore certainly has the wow factor On arriving in Singapore for a 2 night stopover as a first destination on our honeymoon, we didn't really know what to expect.However the hotel is stunning and perfectly situated with a short 10 minute walk to Orchard Road where everything is based! The shopping was great, the streets were so clean you could eat your dinner off it, and the people are so friendly, it puts my country to shame! The hotel left us a cake in the room which was a nice touch and the room itself was very contemporary. We orgainsed a night safari which was okay, and spent the rest of time looking in the colassal shopping malls that the city offers from posh ones in gold, to the the traditional plaza like Lucky, where original purchases can be made, Will certainly return to this hotel  country in the future as we thoroughly enjoyed our stay!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>detoxed
<Content>Plush but not perfect I stayed here for two days. On arrival, the staff were attentive, even escorting me from the taxi to the reception and arranging for my bags to be sent to the room directly. Check-in was efficient and friendly, although the staff did not bother to offer any information on the hotel facilities. I had to find this out myself by hunting down the literature once in the room. The hotel itself is well maintained with a wide range of dining and relaxation possibilities.As the windows could not be opened, the air in the room tended to be stuffy. The air conditioning system did not help and gave me a headache, so I switched it off. However, the room was large, the bed comfortable and the bathroom well appointed and clean. Room service breakfast was delivered quickly and efficiently.On the down side, the shuttle bus service to Orchard Road operates only once per hour. Internet access cost S$10 for 15 minutes. The hotel seemed a bit impersonal and I had the impression that the management was keen to see guests spend as much as possible. At check-out, there was a mistake on my bill (charges for services that had not been requested). This was sorted out quickly and an apology was issued.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Love2Travel_30
<Content>Stunning Hotel       Japanese Restaurant at Shangri-La, Singapore  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AAGill
<Content>A fantastic place I highly recommend this hotel. It is 10 minutes walk from Orchard Road but is on such a quite street. The hotel is fabulous. We got upgraded to the Valley Wing with free champagne and all the cocktails, snacks and drinks we could have everyday. Also included a really good breakfast. The hotel itself is out of this world. I must also highly praise all the staff as every single person we interacted with was super nice.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kirsty78
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed at Shangri-La on the first part of our honeymoon in July. After 22 hours travelling from the UK we arrived at the hotel around 9am to find a mix-up with our booking. We had booked a Valley Wing Room on the hotel's website  when we arrived they said we had booked into the Garden Wing and the Valley Wing was full. After tears from me and several cups of tea later, the manager of the Valley Wing arrived and apologised and said they had found us a room in the Valley Wing. We were so happy as we had wanted the free champagne option as a perfect start to our honeymoon. The manager took us to our room and they had arranged a cake, champagne and a beautiful heart of petals on the bed. Over the 3 days, Sandro (the GM) and all his staff couldn't do enough for us. Sandro also gave us a $25 voucher on the last morning to use in one of the restaurants. I would rate this hotel 6 stars and although we had a bad experience at check in, they couldn't do enough to rectify it. I would highly recommend the Valley Wing as the champagne and canapes are great. The breakfast in the Summit room is lovely and they cooked my husband his own personal breakfast (and remembered that he hates tomatoes on the 2nd morning). We ate in the Line restaurant several nights and the buffet is amazing. The pool is lovely although it can get quite crowded esp late afternoons. If we ever go back to Singapore I wouldn't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>sophien
<Content>very nice hotel This hotel is in a very good location close to the main street, shops and restaurants. It is also very quiet. They have excellent breakfast buffet. I stayed in many hotels that offered breakfast, but this was by far the best. The stuff is very helpful and nice. Service was also great. I would stay there again. This was probably the best hotel experience I had and I stayed there for a month.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DohaRgb
<Content>I have a couple of remarks Our room was a bit musty from the humidity, this could be better attended to by maintenance.Keep an eye out for monitor lizards. They sometimes like to join you in the man-made lagoon and will shock you when you see them swimming especially the kids! Please have a lot at your room service. Needs some upgrade.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	1	

<Author>Gregory1972
<Content>This hotel could do with an upgrade of facilities This hotel could do with a major upgrade of facilities ; it feels old and could therefore do with a major renovation. Overall, not a good package for either the business or leisure traveller.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	-1	1	1	3	

<Author>StrudelMonkey
<Content>A fantastic anniversary weekend!       Flowers on the balcony overlooking the pool  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonMammoth
<Content>Thank you singapore The Shangri La Hotel epitomises much of what Singapore has to offer. Great city views, fantastic hospitality, excellent food, lush gardens and perfect business facilities.I wish I could have stayed more than 3 nights in this hotel. My wife and I had booked the cheapest rooms available as we were planning to use the hotel as a base and spend most of our time exploring Singapore. Upon arriving we were very surprised to be taken directly to our room for check-in by a courteous and knowledgeable member of staff, who quickly got the formalities over with; and then helped us with our many queries about Singapore. The room and bathroom were large and had all the ameneties one would expect of a modern 5-star hotel these days. We had a great view of the city and the lush gardens surrounding the hotel. We were so happy with our room we wondered how much better the more expensive rooms could possibly be!The public areas and the huge lobby were decorated in a combination of contemporary and oriental styles. We never had dinner at the hotel, but the breakfast was out of this world, leaving nothing to be desired. You could try something different for many days and still be very full each time. We also had some drinks and snacks by the pool, and like the rest of the hotel the standards were exceptional.I loved the fact that the pool was not gimmicky and was large enough for a proper swim and relative privacy. I took my laptop to the pool one day and was surprised to be able to get free Wifi there. I don't know whose wireless router I was using, but thank you for letting me check my emails!The only problem with the hotel is that because it is in a residential area (a lovely green prestigious neighbourhood by the way), taxis are not as common as the hotels in the commercial districts; and at 'peak times' you can be in for a few minutes' wait.If you've already booked this hotel, don't worry, well done, you've made a great choice.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClaretJug
<Content>Incredible Shagri-la! On our return from Australia, myself, my wife and our 15 year old daughter had the pleasure of stopping for two nights at the magnificent Shangri-la hotel in Singapore. We were greeted at the hotel door with orchids for the female members and made to feel very welcome indeed. I had booked a deluxe garden view room but discovered to our delight that we had been upgraded to the Valley Wing suite. The suite was amazing, with complementary chocolates, butler service, pre-prepared headed notepaper, 42鈥?plasma screen, television in the bathroom, luxurious bath robes and so on. We had complementary breakfasts in the wonderful Summit Room, complementary drinks and canap茅s all day long in the lobby area. The pool is absolutely superb and the food in the 24 hour restaurant excellent.The best aspect to this hotel however, is the staff. These are the most professional, courteous and friendly staff we have ever experienced. I had read previous Trip advisor reviews of this hotel before we booked and they are all understated! We were treated like royalty and made to feel that we were very special guests. Nothing was too much trouble and we were made to feel that there was a genuine wish to ensure that we had a great stay.The Shangri-la in Singapore is without doubt the best hotel we have ever experienced. Thanks to all in the Valley Wing for our short but unforgettable visit - you should be very proud of the standards you have achieved.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Woodai
<Content>Near Orchard Road (shopping) + taxi ride away from CBD I was in Singapore for 5 days on a business trip. Normally I stay at the Fullerton because it's a 5 minute walk from our Singapore office but they quoted rates that were twice the Shangri-la's. What's worse Raffles the Plaza quote rates that were 3 times the Shang's rates! I liked the Shang a lot. The service was great, room service took 15-20 minutes, the breakfast buffet at LINE was excellent, lots of variety to choose from. I even got 50% off at the breakfast buffet because I joined the Golden Circle Club! The only thing that was kind of annoying was that if you had to get to the CBD (ie., Raffles Place) at around 9am and you left the hotel at 8:25am you would be standing in line for a very long time to get a taxi. I don't think this is the Shang's problem, the guys called taxis for us... it's a problem the Singapore gov't should address. You can never find taxis right off the street and if you call for one you have to pay a few $$ extra. Slightly annoying if you're not familiar with these unwritten rules.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Teale186
<Content>Best hotel experience ever I stayed here late last year for a business trip. I stayed in the Garden wing, and it was the best hotel experience I've ever had. The hotel and pool area are beautiful, the breakfast buffet is huge and high quality, the staff are incredibly customer-service oriented, and the room was spacious, airy, clean, and beautiful. I hope I have the opportunity to come to Singapore again, so that I can stay in this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elsier
<Content>fantastic 4 night stay Well finally it was my turn after having read the review on this site for some time I was really looking forward to going and I was not disappointed. We arrived into singapore airport at 0630 and were taken straight to the hotel who had our room ready without having to pay extra. We were also given a room upgrade to the Garden Wing. The rooms were lovely and clean and the bed was big and very comfortable, we were advised by the concierge that we had 2 bottles of complimentary water in the mini bar and space to put our own drinks as it was more cost efficient to buy from the seven eleven. The pool area is lovely not that we used it as it was our first time to Singapore so we spent every day sightseeing. We were lucky to have breakfast included as it is quite expensive but well worth it with a very large selection of items from around the world to choose from.One thing we did was go to Raffles for the high tea which was an experience and then make the walk to raffles landing site. We also did the Zoo and the night safari which were both excellent.One thing I wanted to do was to go to Lau Pa Sat but unfortunately we didnt make it. Never mind there is always next time.If anybody has any doubts about this hotel dont the staff are very friendly and knowledgeable and there is always a smile and a greeting.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kagriff4
<Content>Loved the Bathroom We stayed in one of the Horizon Club Premier Rooms...what a treat? We were greeted in reception and whisked way to the 24th floor where the Horizen club had it's own private reception. Wine and canapes were provided every evening at 6pm...no charge. The room was spectacular but the bathroom was glorious. I wasn't too keen on a stop over in Singapore but after a very tiring trip last year back from Australia we decided it would be necessary. I loved the hotel and Singapore was beautiful. Spent the morning shopping in Orchard Road and then the afternoon by the pool a having foot massage, cocktails etc. The staff and service was amazing...very gracious and hospitable. Would most definately stay again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Manon34
<Content>Wonderful City stay We stayed in the Shangri-La on the first stop of our honeymoon. When we arrived we were told that there was a massive business convention on and as a result we had been upgraded to an executive suite in the Tower Block. This was an incredible room with 2 Tv's, 2 bathrooms, and basically everything you could have wanted. The balcony overlooked the pool and also was high enough to see some of the Singapore skyline. Whilst the hotel is very much geared towards business it is also a great place to stay to explore Singapore for a short break. The concierge was incredibly helpful in terms of helping you to decide where to go out and what to do as were the rest of the hotel staff when I needed to get a doctor! Breakfasts were not included in our price plan and they are expensivebut they were amazing and you could choose to eat pretty much anything you wanted. The hotel is very conveniently situated for shopping on Orchard Road and also for visiting the Botanic Gardens, both are in walking distance or a short taxi journey if its too hot!I cannot fault the hotel for anything and would definately go back.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Prof03
<Content>Still the best This hotel in Singapore maintains its reputation for excellence. Wonderful pool setting, ideal for jet lagged travellers to recover. Staff and service amongst the best in the world. One tip, if you like a balcony, and book the Garden Wing, don't be surprised if you are upgraded to the Valley Wing, which has more recently re-furbished rooms, but no balcony!! Insist on the Garden Wing!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dish2
<Content>High class hotel with service to match Stayed on return from New Zealand as part of a Singapore airlines deal.Have to agree with previous posts...this is simply one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Spectacular lobby, lounge and piano bar. Our room was spacious and well appointed with a huge bed, luxurious bathroom and an expansive view over the city. Superb variety of top quality food available and the staff are simply incredible.One extra tip: If you book as part of an airline deal, don't bother signing up to any city sightseeing tours - they're expensive and rushed (cabs are so cheap and much more fun).  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlobalJana
<Content>Beautiful hotel in great location The Shangri-La is located on Orange Grove Road - just a few minutes walk to Orchard Road. The lobby of the hotel is gorgeous and there are several great restaurants in the hotel (try the Chinese restaurant there, Shang Palace - and get the avocado ice cream if they still have it - to die for!). BLU is the upscale restaurant on the top floor with great views and a fabulous menu (great for business entertaining as well).The gym and swimming pool are fantastic - the best that I've found in Singapore. The rooms are nice as well (if you can, stay away from the garden rooms - you have to go outside in the heat/humidity to get to them).This is the best hotel I've stayed at in Singapore and definitely recommended!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>incrediblepie
<Content>simply great! Fantastic place to stay and very competitive price. There is very little to say about the Shangri-la that has not been said already in some reviews. The hospitality was second to none. I stayed there for 7 nights for a business trip in the Horizon Club. One of my dearest memories was watching the sun come up over Singapore from the Horizon Club breakfast room. Spectacular. The room service, food, room cleanliness, laundry, business services, all super. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who has to spend a few nights in Singapore. you don't really get the feel of the place unless you stay for more than two nights. The prices are well within everyone's reach if you want to spoil yourself for a few nights. Apart from the hotel, the staff really make this place great. The restaurant on the ground floor is also a great experience if you want o get some tastes from all around the region.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FromSantaFe
<Content>Still a great choice We stayed at the Shangri La 10 years ago, and put it near the top of our all time favorites. So it was an easy choice for our visit to Singapore in May, and it did not disappoint.The staff is exceptionally friendly for a fancy hotel 鈥?not snobby at all 鈥?and very efficient as well. Breakfast in the concierge level got an A+ for the diverse selection of Chinese and western options and the overall high quality. Lunch buffet (not included in room price) in the lounge one floor up from the lobby was even better.Room was good size (we were not in the smallest category, but not the largest either); deluxe, comfortable, well maintained, nice view over Orchard Park from the window sitting area (though we liked the full open balcony and pool view last time a bit more). Large, modern bathroom that functioned without a single glitch. We arrived at 6 am after an 18 flight from the U.S. and were fully refreshed by evening. And all of this came at a surprisingly modest rate 鈥?about $270/night (before tax and service, but with breakfast) for a 5-star hotel that is better than we have experienced when the price was twice that or more. The quality is so high that the price truly constitutes good value, not an extravagance. In fact the combination of Singapore Airlines executive economy flight and paying for an early check in at the Shang produced one of the most stress-free trans ocean trips we have ever had, for a cost just a few hundred dollars more than the norm 鈥?absolutely worth it.Our unqualified endorsement of this hotel comes from a married couple that has traveled the world for more than 40 years 鈥?Shangri La remains among our favorites and is one reason that we likely will make Singapore our entry point for our next trip to Asia.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tignook
<Content>Wonderful! I stayed here after a surf trip to indonesa for three nights, by far and away the best hotel I have ever stayed at! After being on a boat for 18 days it was great to see a huge shower and a king bed. The breakfast buffet was best I have ever had; it must have had 100 diffrent thing to chose from. I never did eat the lunch or dinner buffet by it looked even better then the breakfast buffet! The service was impecable my flight left at 7:00 am and i needed something from the gift shop it was closed and they opened it for me so i could get what i needed, that was nice! In a nut shell i would never stay at another hotel in Singapore, Shangri La is top notch to me.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>regio
<Content>Beautiful but we prefer The Marriot My husband and I stayed in Shangri-La hotel for 3 nights, the hotel upgrade us to a Executive Suite, so we tought they were very nice with us to do this but when we were going to sleep we found out that our bed was actually two single beds push together, we were very tired (Singapore was our third stop or country in Asia in two weeks) and we did not tell them anything until the check out., we did not want to put everything in our suitcases once again.The Hotel is beautiful, but while we were walking in Orchand Rd we saw the Marriott Hotel and we wished we have stayed there, The Marriot has a very nice outdoor bar, facing the the Orchand Rd, in the middle of everything, cafes, restaurantes, shops,also just across The Marriot is a bar call Indochine which plays live music everyday, We think that the Marriot has a very location for us...nex time we will stay there.P.S.If you stay in the Shangri-La Hotel check your bed before you unpack your luggage  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	4	4	

<Author>KJT57
<Content>Best in Singapore       Lounge  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>watchd0g
<Content>Fit for the Queen Staying at the Valley Wing for a long weekend was an amazing experience. We loved every bit of it. The hotel staff is excellent and made us feel welcome and important, although we are not royalty.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>firtreecott
<Content>Fabulous I am usually very critical, but this was just a wondrous experience. We had booked the Garden Wing but were upgraded to the Valley Wing where we were simply treated like royalty. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was enormous and luxurious. The pool was terrific and even the basic restaurant served some the best food we had on our trip. We could have drunk and eaten until we were enormous, such was the generosity in the Valley wing lounge. The only downside was that we had to leave. I would never consider staying anywhere else, when I am in Singapore again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>colummeehan
<Content>Shangri-La Fantastic Opulence at a Nice Price I have stayed at the shang a number of times for business and pleasure as my company has a good corporate rate. Myself and my wife were last there in November 06 and decided to go for a Horizon club delux room as all the tower wing rooms were booked out due to a media conference. Well the extra cost was certainly worth it. As always the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and nothing was too much. As I stated above we booked a delux room - and everthing was fine until we flushed the toilet! It overflowed and flooded the bathroom. Not very pleasant!!! Maintenance and housekeeping were prompt to attend to the issue. However, this happend on 2 further occasions. On the second day we had enough and complained that the problem was becoming intolerable. The Horizon club manager suggested that we transfer to another room and made the necessary arrangements. Well I must say that we were pleasantly surprised when we entered the room and discovered that we were upgraded to a Horizon club suite at no extra cost. We certainly were not expecting this.After the little upset with the toilet issue the rest of our stay was fantastic!!! The horizon club is excellent with complimentary cocktails and drinks each evening from 5 - 7pm, afternoon tea, free business centre and complimentary breakfast in the Blu restaurant over looking the city.For such a small island Singapore is a great place. We lived there for a short time a few years back and have travelled there many times for business and We are returing Singapore in early July to catch the great singapore sales and are booked into the Shangri-la. However, this time we have booked a Valley wing delux room with all the benefits! Can't wait !I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel! If you get the chance definitely stay there, its worth it just for the buffet breakfast.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>julieandliam
<Content>lovely hotel nice hotel level of service excellent rooms very nice  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emmajSouthampton
<Content>Fantastic Fantastic hotel. Staff really eager to please and due to Singapores no tipping culture wanted nothing more than feedback to the hotel about how well they served you. We stayed in 4 top class hotels for our honeymoon and this really was the best for service and room comfort. They didnt know we were honeymooners as our travel agent forgot to tell them but reception sent up a bottle of wine (much better than the expected cake and flowers given the cost of decient wine in asia!). I needed a sewing kit, they took some time- possibly because they arranaged a lady to come up and do my sewing rather than a kit! On arrival were offered a suite and access to a-la-carte breakfast overlooking singapore and cocktail hours in an executive bar with free drinks and fantastic nibbles for around 拢30 per night. We really felt this worth the money as we had a coupple of free drinks every night sabstantial nibbles and breakfast and the view were amazing. Really clean and plush-they change the carpets in the list everyday so say the day of the week (took me some time to work out I thought every lift had a different name) and staff wear traditional clothes. Good security.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JJCDubai
<Content>One of the best This truly has to rate as one of the best hotels there are. Although the building is showing its age the team that look after you are truly amazing. From complimentary champagne every evening to in room check in nothing is too much trouble. I stayed in the Valley Wing with its separate entrance and dedicated team. Very exclusive away from the hoardes around the front - highly recommended!  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>appleacre
<Content>Fantastic, you will not be disappointed I would fully recomend this hotel to anyone.We were a party of three, two adults and a 10 year old childWe stayed in the Valley View wing with complimentary breakfast, snacks, canopies, beverages and alcohol.The service was out standingThe rooms are luxurious, the en-suite bathrooms are large and have lights that you can adjust to suit your mood.This section of the hotel caters to the rich and famous, what ever your background you will receive the same excellent service and facilities.There was lots of lovely nice touches such as personalised stationary and fresh flowers in the room.The pool and garden areas are lush and tropical.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Courtenay
<Content>Superb hotel with the most fabulous staff i've come across Where to start..As the other reviews have mentioned before me, we were picked up at the airport, greeted at the car (by name) upon arrival by the wonderful ladies at check-in and whisked up to our 1 bedroom suite where we enjoyed a lovely cup of tea and a chat about ever-changing Singapore over the last 20 years with our wonderful butler Placidus.I could go on and on about the beautiful suite, the exquisite way the hotel is decorated and the outstanding handmade chocolates, pastries and other delicacies prepared right in the hotel including the most amazing orange juice (you have to try it to understand) and the divine breakfast prepared by Ernest Ling in the Summit Room, but the most outstanding aspect of our stay in the Valley Wing was the impeccable service of the Shangri-La staff.Each member of staff we came across seemed to know us by name and we spent many hours in the hotel lobby chatting with each of them (while sipping champagne and other exquisite Australian wines). Everyone was delightful and friendly and it was a wonderful place to come home to each day.I can honestly say there is not a hotel in Australia that offers such outstanding facilities and service. While the hotel is aesthetically incredible and a true 'home away from home', we would return to the Valley Wing at the Shangri-La Singapore simply because the staff made our stay more than perfect. It was truly the most enjoyable hotel experience I have had and I would never stay anywhere else.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cleopetra
<Content>Loved The Hotel What a lovely hotel , definitly do the room upgrade with breakfast as the food is lovely. The pool is very nice and definitely have the eat as much as you can buffet dinner (something like 拢50 each) but amazing so much choice!!! My husband and i did it just before the plane and the food was fabulous - i am very fussy eater and never thought i would reccomend a buffet dinner but this is something else.Staff were lovely and had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Faithful_Suitcase
<Content>The Best I've Ever Stayed At Booked a valley wing room for a two-night (one-day), stopover based solely on the reviews here.I can honestly say they live up to any amount of praise thrown their way.Hotel Transfer:Had arranged previously and the team was there to greet me as expected. They even went out of their way to try and locate my gf who was flying in from elsewhere and we had mixed up which terminals we were meeting at.Check-In/Check-OutAs soon as we walked into the lobby a lady came up to greet us by name and led us directly to our room. On the way to the room she informed us that we had been upgraded to a suite. Once in the room, the butler gave us an induction to the room while the clerk took our passports/etc. and filled out the check-in forms. Within 5 minutes our luggage was there and we were checked in and alone to relax. Check-Out was just as quick. We had an early flight our last day and our luggage was picked up and loaded in the vehicle and bill paid for in a matter of 5 minutes agin.RoomThe room was quite impressive. I think it was the little things that really struck me. the jack so you could plug your iPod into the stereo; the pot of tea in it's own warmer; the selection of chocolates, and the automatic controls of eevrything.ServiceBest service I've ever come across. Nothing was too much trouble, our butler literally walked us half the way to Orchard road since we said we wanted to walk and he didn't want us lost. Probably interacted with 15 different people working for the hotel in the 36 hours we were there and all were better than I have seen elsewhere.FoodNever got a chance to have breakfast (Up too late first day and gone too early the next), but did have dinner at The Line one night. I can't see anyone going hungry here......or not finding something they absolutely love to eat. Only thing here I found kind of over the top was the 1.5 liter bottle of water that cost S$16, but the food was worth it.LocationIt is very convenient to the one end of Orchard Road, maybe 5-10 minutes walk, but since it is not right on Orchard, you are relieved fro all the hustle and bustle. I actually couldn't think of a better spot if you want quiet/convenience.I really cant say enough good about this place. Unfortunately on my way back through I stayed at the Marriott for comparison purposes and missed out on another great stay. I won't do the same next time.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>judyush
<Content>Just keeps getting better !!!!! Just had a fabulous week at the Shangri la Valley Wing. I stayed at the Shang three years ago when my husband was on business. We were thoroughly spoilt. My husband was there for about two months I stayed for three weeks. We had a premier room in the Horizon club Tower Wing. Fantastic. Breakfast may be taken on the 24th floor. Wonderful waiter service excellent food and views to die for. Or in the main buffet restaurant on the ground floor. The best choice I have ever seen for breakfast or even lunch for that matter. Because all cuisines are available. We loved having curries and naan breads for breakfast. Or noodles dim sum and fried rices. Also Japanese which I am not a fan of . English eggs bacon sausage mushrooms omelettes etc American pancakes and waffles made fresh in front of you and anything else you can think of. Wonderful juices and fresh fruits. Pastries and muffins doughnuts and danish the list just goes on and on. We returned the following year for a four week stay. They were busy renovating the Valley Wing and the main ground floor restaurant and we just couldnt take the noise so stayed at Traders just down the road. Sister hotel to the Shang. Ok but not in the same league. But while there heard wonderful things about what was happening in the Valley Wing. Apparently once completed David and Victoria stayed there when in Singapore for the Olympic bids. So daughter and I decided to pay a visit and experience this for ourselves. If its good enough for Posh and Becks.......Valley Wing was wonderful. Bathroom was gorgeous and big enough to accomodate two women !!!!! That alone speaks volumes. Good quality toiletries replenished immediately. Abundance of towels v.v. thick and fluffy. As were the white towelling robes. Nice touch also were the lightweight cotton kimono style robes which were lovely and cool to wear after a long steamy soak in the bath watching telly. Only thing missing was a few soaps like coronation street or eastenders. Seperate dressing room area with loads of wardrobe space. We requested extra hangers and a dozen were brought immediately. Daughter hasnt quite grasped the art of packing for a week and packed instead for a month (incase we stayed on ? I wish....) But no problem there was more than enough room in robes and drawers. To be honest I was dreading twin beds. But they were very big. Just short of a normal double bed in the UK. Daughter thought it was very comfortable. I on the other hand compared it to sleeping on concrete. However I do normaly sleep on a memory foam so perhaps that was just me.Well stocked mini bar though V.V. EXPENSIVE. Two complimentary bottles of fresh water left everyday. A chocolate left everynight. Very good turndown service. With slipmat left at side of bed along with your slippers. Excellent standard of housekeeping. One small niggle was the standard of bedding. Plain white sheets and duvet covers, soft and comfortable and all changed daily but definately in need of replacement. Duvets often had threadbare patches and twice pillowcases had actual holes in them! Not in keeping with a five star hotel. Dont think Posh and Becks would have tolerated that. Breakfast in the Summit room was something else. Magnificent. Half expected the queen to join us . Everything available t the main restaurant (now called The Line) is available in the Summit room but mostly served to you by the most polite and pleasant group of people. Nothing was too much trouble just doesn't do it when descibing the level of service afforded by these wonderful attentive but unobtrusive people. I am loathe to call them waiters and waitresses because they were much more than that. Greeting you by name each morning looking genuinely pleased to see you. Noting that they had missed you the previous morning when daughter had decided to try the Line for breakfast . This standard of service carried through to the champagne bar in the lobby where the same personel looked after us dishing up snacks and treats afternoon tea as good as the Ritz. Delicate hot canapes delicious especially when washed down with copious amounts of complimentary champagne. Moet and Chandon no less. All refreshments were there for the asking. Tea coffee juices coctails spirits. available from 11am thru' tll 10.30pm. And all preferences duly noted and remembered. Very weak tea for me decaf coffee for daughter. Always a glass of water served with our champagne and all prepared with out being asked usually just an acknowleding nod before we even settled in our favourite sofa. And there we would sit for a very comfortable hour or so of people watching pampering and being pandered to.All of this doesnt come cheap but hey if you are staying at the Shangri la anyway for a few pounds extra it is worth splashing out and treating your self. The price of alcholic drinks in Singapore is so expensive it wont take you long to work that it will actually save you money to upgrade to the Valley Wing. Having said that, IF the only way you can afford to stay at the Shang is in the most basic room anywhere in the hotel, then DO IT. Because it will be FAB anyway. The hotel is an experience not to be missed. With wonderful service no matter who you are. A beautiful pool where once again attendants take care of your every need. Coming around regularly with complimentary fresh fruits and ice cold towels. Waiters on hand to take your drinks and food orders. TIP... ask for a glass of iced water. This is free. Order a 1 litre bottleof water and it will cost you 22 singapore dollars, just over 拢7. And it is not served in an ice bucket therefore will be warm before you can drink it all.I am already planning return trip in September. Once youve have stayed there you are spoilt and wont ever want to go anywhere else. Like I said if its good enough for Posh and Becks.....  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MonkeysUncleYorks
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My parents and I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights on our way to Australia for a 5 week trip visiting relatives. I had read all the reviews on this site and was very hopeful for our visit. The hotel and Singapore far exceeded my expectations.The hotel is beautiful both inside and out and the staff are friendly and very attentive. It was my mothers 65th birthday whilst we were there and they sent wine and chocolates to her room, a touch which was greatly appreciated.The rooms are spacious and very comfortable; the restaurants are of an excellent quality without being over priced and the pool is large and well maintained. It is situated at the top of Orchard Road and only a 10 minute stroll to all the shops and restaurants. Taxis are very cheap so you don't even have to walk if the heat gets too much!!We are already planning our next visit.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tokyo_Mum
<Content>Kids loved it! This was one of the few hotels in Singapore that would allow 4 person room occupancy for one room for a last minute booking in Japanese school holidays.We booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and finding the information from everyone else really helpful.I travelled with my 3 kids, the oldest of whom was 12 so he was classified as an adult, which really made it 2 adults and 2 kids. When we checked in to the Garden Wing for 5 nights, we were given a better bedding arrangement than we had been told when we booked over the phone and the extra bed was free. They gave us complimentary Golden Circle club membership which offered a discount on breakfasts and other things, and can be used for all future stays. We also got a bowl of fresh fruit in the room every day.The kids loved it! They were always welcomed by name by the staff at reception in our wing, and when my elder son got sick (just a bad cough), he was given a get well letter and a little Shangri-La teddy bear by the staff. There is the International medical Centre in Tanglin Mall just a short walk down from the hotel.The breakfast buffet is fantastic. So many different cuisines to choose from, but it is expensive, and even though the Golden Circle membership halved the adult price, it didn't cover the kids price at all. When I made a comment the next breakfast that the kids don't really eat enough to get their money's worth, we suddenly found we weren't even charged for the 2 younger kids breakfasts, which was a nice gesture. I also filled in the hotel survey on the last night we were there, and in the morning got a complimentary voucher for food and beverages, which meant 4 of us ate breakfast for practically nothing. The room service menu for kids looks basic and expensive, but when you go to some of the restaurants at the attractions like the Zoo or the Night Safari, then you realise the hotel room service price is not that bad, and the food was very good. The hotel is set a little bit back off Orchard Road, but it is only a few minutes walk down the hill to get there, or there is a complimentary shoppers' bus which takes you into town, with drop offs at a couple of the bigger shopper malls. They give you a card with a timetable so you can coordinate your return journey which was good when you have 3 tired kids. Once we tried getting a taxi from the same mall as the drop off and the queues were shocking, so the hotel bus is a must! There is also the Singapore Airlines bus which is $3 each if you show your boarding pass within 7 days, and it leaves just down the road from the hotel on Orchard Rd. It does a big circuit right round Singapore and you can get on and off as much as you like.The pool was always clean and well cared for, and the staff would set us up with chairs and towels and made life very comfortable. The kids loved the pool and spent many hours in there. It was not crowded at all, and the fountains were a big hit. There was also a shallow area for the smaller kids roped off from the deep pool.Overall our stay was excellent and the kids and I would love to go back again!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Degas
<Content>Still the best Returned for third visit - booked a garden room - as I love the bouganvillea framed views and was very gratified to be upgraded to a garden suite. Really good sized rooms and its great to have a separate lounge area - so that you can do your 'awake at 3am' jet lag adjustments without disturbing ones partner.Its been a few years since our last stay and the revamping of the coffee shop area into 'The Line' is great - really clean modern lines and a great selection of food. Had one of the best foot massages ever by the pool. The real strength of this place is the staff - so well trained, from porters to managers - managing to sound as though they really care that you have a great stay- and delivering on every request.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deekdeek
<Content>Heaven       view from the room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CHabroad
<Content>Once Again fantastic This is my second visit to this hotel and I again booked into the Valley Wing, therefore I can't comment on the rest of the hotel.What I can say though is the Valley Wing is spectacular. The personal service you receive from the moment your car pulls in the driveway is second to none. The receptionists is extremely helpful and after being presented with an orchid take you to your room (via a private elevator only accessed by residents of the wing).The rooms are luxurious (although no balcony) and the maid service is first class. The bed is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in and the bathroom is one of the most luxurious I've experienced in a hotel. All the extra touches are there to make your stay special.The bar area (where drinks are complimentary) is light and airy and the harpists adds to the lovely atmosphere this hotel promotes. The staff are wonderful and will do anything for you (including fetching band aids and tweezers for a splinter!).The hotel is just wonderful and if you get the chance to go there...then GO!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Malcolm100
<Content>Fantastic Me and my wife have just returned from our honeymoon where we spent the first 5 nights in the garden wing of the Shangri La hotel in Singapore. I had used trip advisor to choose this hotel and was I am pleased to say that this hotel lived up to the hype in all respects.From check in through to exit this hotel was a dream and the rooms, breakfasts and blue bar were truly something to behold. Cannot recommend this place highly enough!Far enough away from Orchard Rd to not hear the traffic but easily walkable although complimentry shuttle services are laid on throughout the day.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>justjack.buckland
<Content>shangri-La it is Having been born in Singapore I had to return for my 50th Birthday to see what it was all about.We stayed in the Garden wing on our first visit, which was 3 days before going on to tour places in Malaysia. There was nothing else to compare with on that trip and we vowed to return and bring our daughter.In 2006 we went back for 4 days and as I had phoned ahead to say that I was coming ,I was expectedWhat I did not expect was the upgrade to the Valley wing. this was Wow with bells on. The most wonderful service and attention to detail, we stayed whilst there was royalty from the middle east staying and we were treated as well as they were if not better.They would spend hours with my young daughter doing her hair and playing games with her.I have read the other reviews, and all the compliment are true, this is a wonderful place to stay and relax. Breakfast in the Valley wing is like the best dining experience ever and I certainly rate it above the Savoy in London (sorry Gordon).This year we are going back, Yes I can stay at a lower cost Hotel but the staff at the Shangri-La have earnt my loyalty and this time I am staying for 2 Whole weeks In theValley Wing.Trust me You will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cloughie
<Content>Absolute luxury The vicinity of the hotel is not what you would expect of a 5 star hotel, however once you alight from your car that feeling swiftly changes. We were met by numerous hotel staff who welcomed us to the hotel. The checking in process was highly efficient and as everybody else does we upgraded to the club floor, well worth the extra money.Our room was spacious and luxurious withsplendid views if Singapore. The club floor was an added bonus, wonderful service and excellent food.We have stayed in 5 star hotels throughout the world, the Shangri La in Singapore takes some beating, I would highly recommennd it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markanddoris
<Content>Great place I upgraded to the Valley wing (before I left) as a result of previous reviews. Hotel was every bit as good as I hoped. Super room, fantastic bathroom, great service. Will return.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anjali1007
<Content>Nice hotel - had a relaxing stay I used to live in SIngapore and I've also visited as part of many holidays and business trips. I've therefore stayed in many of the high-end hotels but this was my first time in the Shangri La. I enjoyed my stay and would come back but it didn't blow me away like some of the other hotels in Singapore have done.Service - front desk was absolutely excellent. Check in and check out very quick with no problems and wonderfully friendly staff. However, the service at breakfast and at the Lobby Bar was poor. At breakfast, I was kept waiting ages before I was seated, they brought me coffee instead of tea, took ages to change it etc etc. In the Lobby Bar I timed it - I was kept waiting 25 minutes after ordering a cocktail and then it took them 15 minutes to bring me the bill after I asked for it.Rooms - lovely. I stayed in the Garden Wing and my room was very big and had a lovely balcony which I sat on every afternoon. The bathroom was very spacious and the bed was extremely comfortable.Pool - Nice pool but crowded. I was there for Chinese New Year and by 10am, they had run out of sunloungers and were therefore bringing chairs out of the conference rooms. Food - pricey but good. Room service was very quick. Excellent choice at breakfast (sadly I didn't have enough space in my stomach to try everything).Location - nice location in the leafy residential area of Singapore. Very short walk to Orchard Road. This is a good location if you want a relaxing stay, away from it all. It's better to stay by the river or Marina Bay if you want easier access to restaurants and bars.All in all, this is a nice hotel but I think I slightly prefer the Ritz Carlton and Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mk702
<Content>Pampered Paradise My wife and I arrived at the hotel on the first leg of a round the world holiday. Fortunately we were upgraded to the Valley Wing which was wonderful with beautiful rooms, spacious and extremely comfortable. The staff were so friendly, courteous and helpful and made you feel special. The hotel set a standard that we never achieved in any other hotel in Australia or USA. We cannot wait to go back as a stopover en route to Australia or New Zealand and would always recommend the Shangri La  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Fresiandaniels
<Content>Valley Wing luxury.... The Shangri La consists of three buildings: the Tower Wing: modern sleek business type rooms, the Garden Wing: Balconies overflowing with flowers and cane furniture and the classically luxurious Valley Wing - its flagship area.I can only comment on the Valley Wing which has comparatively high prices but because of its high levels of service and luxury, never makes you feel as though you are being ripped off.The rooms are huge with traditional decor and every amenity you would expect, whilst the bathrooms are out of this world - inset TV at the end of the bath, separate shower area, mood lighting and twin basins. The Valley Wing has a separate entrance and check-in area which makes for a relaxing arrival, as it never seems to get overcrowded (apart from the day we had George Bush and his entourage of secret service men and general gofers staying there - but that is another story).A complimentary - and delicious - breakfast is available in a charming circular glass walled room overlooking the gardens and drinks at the lobby bar are also complimentary on a 24hour a day basis.Staff are charming, efficient and pleasing to behold and you are immediately made to feel special as you relax in your spacious room or in the glamorous lobby lounge.There are several places to eat in the hotel complex: the Line is a new concept in eating. Upon entering a very modern urban setting - clean lines and minimalist colours - you can take your pick from a vast variety of cuisines and desserts all housed in separate areas for a set price. It is like an enormous, quirky, modern buffet gone crazy. It is efficient and quite an experience. If you want to eat sushi with curry - fine- visit both areas and take your pick.Blue is an extraordinary restaurant situated at the top of the Tower Wing. Go up there for the amazing view and a drink - or better still, stay for a gourmet dinner and excellent service.The pool area is a wondeful oasis when you consider that you are in the middle of a city. Palm trees and tropical flowers abound - but get there early as everyone else has the same idea. You are given cool wet towels for your face and fruit kebabs to refresh you , mid morning.The hotel is situated in a quiet residential area - a 10 minute walk from one end of busy and noisy Orchard Road the main shopping area - enabling you to enjoy both the hustle and bustle of the city before retreating on foot to your oasis of calm in the Valley Wing.If you want to be spoiled and treated like one of those Heads of State who always seem to be residing there - make a booking for the Valley Wing.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thmilin
<Content>Very good, but not "the best"       Wedding Banquet Table  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BUSTYBREEZER
<Content>Absolutely Indulgent I stayed with my parents and partner at the Valley Wing last May 2006 and I have to say it was the most wonderful experience; with the private driveway, private breakfast room and cocktail lounge, chefs, moet champagne on tap(complimentory) afternoon tea which was better than raffles and it was all included.What can I say the Crown Prince of Brunai was staying there at the same time and Posh and Becks apparently stayed there when they announced the London Olympics that says it all. It really is the most wonderful place I have ever stayed. I have stayed in quite a few Shangri la hotels and this is by far the best. The pool area does get a little cramped and is not the best out of other Shangri la hotels but inside the Valley Wing definately is an experience.Try the rooftop restaurant in the main hotel it has excellent food and fantastic views over Singapore the Buffet was also good.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>eddieMidlandsUk
<Content>fantastic shranga-la hotel we arrived at the airport expecting to stay at the sister hotel on sentosa island . But what a supprise this hotel is an oasis of calm in a very busy city. 15 minuite walk from orchard road .the hotel appears to have more staff than guest and the service , impecable and courteous we stayed the tower block standard room which was all but standard , very clean large and airy with a view of the city I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough after a long flight from sydney , a three day break was needed .  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RandV
<Content>Excellent!!! We stayed at the Shangri La for two nights as a stop over on the way to Borneo. After reading other reviews on trip advisor we were not sure what to expect, but the hotel was magnificent.The rooms are very clean and spacious, we stayed in a deluxe room in the tower wing, the bathroom was lovely with a seperate bath and shower, and the bed was very comfortable. Afternoon tea at the Rose Veranda is a must, huge selection of buffet foods including sushi, currys and western food, lots of different types of tea to try and excellent value for money.Our only complaint was that the service in the lobby bar was sometimes very slow.We paid a visit to the hotels spa, which was slightly disappointing as the spa was clinical and more suited to business men.The Hotel is in a great location, just a few minutes walk from the shops on Orchard Road and a couple of stops on the subway to Raffles. Singapore is a fantastic city and we wished we had stayed longer, as two nights isn't really enough....we will definitley come back to singapore and will stay at the Shangri La again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Carol&Kevin
<Content>One of the Top 6 Ranked Hotels in the world.......... Amazing....This was the third part of our Malaysian and SIngapore holiday and we certainly saved the best hotel until last...out of this world.We stayed in the Valley Wing in a suite complete with Butler service.....WOW!We had free drinks each evening, which was very welcome each night when my wife had been abusing the credit card in the shops during the day. The butler ran us a bath each evening complete with Rose Petals....The TV over the bath is a nice touch!The suite was fantastic with a large living area with lots of sofas and hidden goodies such as sweets and little cakes in the little chest of drawers on the table. The laptop was very useful, although we were surprised at being charged for access to the Internet. In the bedroom the bed was massive....when we lay on each side and stretched out our arms we could only just touch fingertips.The staff were amazing, excellent service but not pompous with the waiters in the lounge area being very friendly and approachable.The hotel location is excellent just 5-7 mins (mostly downhill) from Orchard Road, walk down - taxi back easy!A word of warning for Customers from the UK who have paid for and are expecting an upgrade to a suite with butler service. When we arrived we were checked into a Deluxe room, which was extremely nice, however we had understood that our booking was for a suite including butler service. Luckily we had insisted that this was put onto our travel intinery so when we were not given this at check in we were able to contact our travel company in the UK who then had no alternative but to upgrade us to the suite. This cost them almost 拢500 extra on top of the usual upgrade cost to the Valley Wing. So please be aware that an upgrade to The Valley Wing may not get you the Suite with Butler service despite the indications in the holiday brochure. If this is what you were expecting then get them to put it in writing especially if the hotel voucher when you receive it states Valley Wing Deluxe Room.Overall I can definitely recommend the Valley Wing, it is well worth the upgrade from the standard rooms in the Tower and Garden WIngs. Please also bear in mind that the telephone in the room is not expensive, we rang the UK 6 times to sort out our upgrade and the total cost was less than 拢5, also room service is very good value and is actually cheaper than the hotel restaurants.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cuffelle
<Content>Stayed in the Valley Wing. Stayed 3 nights and greatly enjoyed it. Excellent service and accommodation first class. My only criticisms concern the welcome received when our taxi arrived at the Tower Wing entrance. It was way OTT being asked for our passports before I'd paid for the taxi! Secondly, we were there the first week in January and only on arrival did we find out their BLU restaurant, Cuisine: Contemporary with French inspirations, was closed for refurbishment. A real disappointment.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>murrayn1
<Content>Excellent!!!!! What a fantastic hotel. Brilliant location, just off Orchard Road and only a few minutes walk.The room was a Tower Wing Delux which was excellent, lots of room and really well presented.The breakfast was to die for - I have never experience a range of food like it. We also ate in the hotel one night which was also very good.Would def recomment this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Papabob
<Content>should have stayed longer       pool  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Antboi
<Content>Over Rated..................... Just got back from staying two nights at the Shang. Not my ususal choice of Hotel in Singapore but was heavily booked elsewhere at the time.I have to agree with some other travellers opinions in some instances, however my own opinion or feedback is as follows;- Rooms appear tired and old and need a good update very soon.- Not having a flat screen tv in your room for such a high classed hotel is pretty poor these days. The bed is quite a distance from the little old box sitting on the dresser and is hard to see, even though I dont need or wear glasses.- Not having a free standing shower and having to step into a high edged bath is both dangerous and poor as well. I pity old people and disabled as well as I dont know how they would cope. Bathroom is huge but having to squat under a little shower spout in the bath is pretty poor.- Also took three attempts over 2.5 hours the first night to get pull-out bed made up for my child. I rang and requested this be done on leaving the room for dinner. Came back two hours later and had not been done. Rang again and said someone would come. Thirty minutes later, housekeeping still had not come to do it so called the third time and someone was up within ten minutes. Again, not acceptable in this level of establishment and for what I personally was paying.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>rayman2005
<Content>The very best in Singapore We've stayed twice in two years at this glorious hotel. Your first indication this is world class is the professional check-in, followed by the elevator with plush carpet that 's changed daily with the name of every day of the week.The rooms are beautifully appointed and the Shangri La management is to be congratulated on the luxurious touches including Moet  Chandon champagne served near reception every afternoon.We have stayed in luxury hotels around the world and the Shangri La Singapore will always be a favourite place to come back to because of the effort they make to look after their guests.I had to chuckle at the man three reviews down who complained about not being given cheap free items. If he had opened his eyes to all that this hotel offers, he would see why the Shangri La is most deservedly the #1 hotel in Singapore on Tripadvisor.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Debs&Mark
<Content>Fab start to the year       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruiser25
<Content>super service This was our first stay at a Shangri-la hotel and we were very impressed. Upon check-in we decided to upgrade to the Horizon club which in our case turned out to be very worthwhile. There were two things about our room which impressed and I hadn't experienced before. On either side of the superwide king size bed, in addtion to the usual night tables and table lamps, there were wall mounted reading lamps on flexible stalks which allowed one to read comfortably in bed in any position. Also, while most of the bathroom floor had slick marble tiles, there was an approximately four foot by four foot square of mosiac tiles by the bath and sink; the mosaic tiles were much more slip-resistant than the marble tiles and greatly appreciated.  Also, it was nice that the bathroom amenities included toothbrush, razor, and even laundry detergent for washing clothing in the sink--necessary since Singapore is so hot and humid.  The Horizon club serves a lovely breakfast buffet, and so many high quality snacks for lunch and happy hour that if you want to you can eat three meals a day there for the Horizon upgrade. The staff in the Horizon Club were very attentive and friendly.  Altho the horizon club is on the top floor, the views are not great.  Internet is about 25 Singapore dollars per day if you use the wired internet in your room or free in the Horizon club which is open 7-24. The location is quiet. If you plan on visiting museums or the financial district you might prefer to stay on the gentrified river, altho the Singapore river is not a large river and has no commercial traffic. However, cabs in Singapore are very cheap for a first world city. The pool is remarkable for being so large. It is a great place for serious lap swimming as well a pleasant place for sunbathing.  This hotel tries hard and successfully to get everything right.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trixabelle
<Content>Two days of luxury and champagne We spent two nights in the Shangri-la Valley wing at the end of our honeymoon. The rooms are huge, extremely comfortable and luxurious. I made a point of booking the Valley Wing as it includes breakfast and free-flow drinks , and canapes, fruit, cheese etc etc from 11 - 10:30 in the lobby.After a minor mix-up at check-in (they had us booked into the Garen Wing, but our confirmation stated Valley Wing) for which we received a personal note of apology from the General Manager and a box of handmade chocolates, we were shown to our room. We then headed back to the lobby to make use of the champagne facilities! The only minor negative point is that the pool area is open to the rest of the hotel guests, and there were a lot of children around. The changing facilities and the towels were of a lower quality than I would have expected. We ate at the Shang Palace (the Chinese Restuarant) which was delicious and also had drinks in the Blu Bar at the top of the Valley Wing, fantastic cocktails. To anyone considering the Shangri-La, I would say go, and make sure you are in the Valley Wing, for approx 拢25 extra, we had delicious breakfast and then Moet  Chandon on command all day. Bearing in mind a glass of champage in the Shangri-La is about 拢12.... there's not much more to consider!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CarlandSam
<Content>Shockingly bad We stayed here for 2 days in January 07 as part of our honeymoon. We stayed in 4 other hotels during our honeymoon (including another Shargri-la - Bangkok) and with all but this Shangri-la we received extremely good treatment - free upgrades, free breakfasts, chocs etc etc etc.This was our last stop and we didnt get anything from this hotel at all. Whilst it is probably wrong to expect free stuff from a hotel just because its your honeymoon, it really took the cracker with me when we had a bill for 10 cents (3.5pence GBP) delivered to our room. I was genuinely stunned and insulted at the fact that a hotel of this size and stature would have the gaul to invoice a guest for such a nominal sum given the amount paid to stay there in the first place.This bill came immediately after we had been selected to take part in a customer satisfaction survey. That to me is just plain stupid !!!! Even after a conversation with hotel staff and the manager about it, nothing changed. Highly inflexible.On the whole though, this hotel is nice. I particularly liked the pot of tea which is delivered upon arrival in the room. The views are not particularly good, but what is there to see - skyscrapers, shops... It is a little out of the way - a good 10 min walk to Orchard Road and then you are at one end of it. There is a free bus which is usefull though, but catching it to return to the hotel can be tricky with timings.Soory, but i would definitely stay somewhere else next time i'm in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	5	3	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>me-and-him2006
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Shangri-la for 3 nights in September as part of our honeymoon.We booked a room in the tower wing and were given a room over looking the pool. We were very impressed with the welcome and the room was nicely furnished and clean. As it was our honeymoon, the bed had been decorated with rose petals in the shape of a heart and a single red rose was placed on each pillow. We were also given a celebratory chocolate cake which went down very well. As this was a city break in between two beach locations, we spent little time at the hotel, in favour of shopping. We found Singapore very expensive, with shops and restaurants on Orchid Road very overpriced compared to American cities. The main shopping area is only a 10 minute walk away, but the shangri-la offers a free shuttle bus which is great after a long day of shopping. We visited Sentosa Island on the evening excursion which we both thoroughly enjoyed and would recommend. We also visited the Singapore Zoo, which is well worth a visit too. Overall, the Shangri-la is a very nice hotel, in a good location. If we ever visited Singapore again, I would definately think about staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RailwayMan
<Content>Wonderful!! We spent a great 7 days here, in a valley wing room, over Xmas. The quality of the service, the rooms  the food is superb. Certainly, the luxury of the valley wing with its champagne, high tea  canap茅s added to the whole feel. We love Singapore,  have been a couple of times 鈥?I will be adding a suggested 鈥渢o do鈥?list of things we have enjoyed doing. Having stayed in other hotels, this is now our favourite. The sheer customer focussed service, from all, the maids who clear the rooms, the reception staff, the restaurant staff  in the valley wing lounge, Edward  Lawrence is first rate.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xmas2213
<Content>Five Stars My wife and I stopped in this hotel for seven nights on route to Australia. We were influenced by the reviews on this site and were able to book a bed and breakfast package at a very competetive rate via trailfinders in the UK. Having stayed at many different hotels around the world I have to say that the quality and service provided by the Shangri La is exceptional. Every member of staff was polite and helpful at all times and the breakfast at the line restaurant has to be seen to be believed. We stayed in a tower room which was excellent value and I was advised by other guests staying in the garden and valley wings that they were better again. The hotel is a five minute walk from the bustling Orchard Road and about ten minutes from the nearest tube station. That said the hotel provide a complimentary shuttle bus once an hour and the taxi's are inexpensive and readily available at the front entrance. In conclusion you would have to have incredibly high standards to be disappointed with this hotel and I for one will book again when I return.Chris M, Newcastle-Upon-Tyne, UK  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CheeryGirl
<Content>Don't stay in the Tower Wing Stayed there for 3 nights in Singapore for business trip. The hotel has the grandeur of a 5-star hotel in the 80s...and is situated in a very vast piece of land, given its location to be quite near to Orchard Road.The room in the Tower Wing was supposingly renovated, but still looks and feel a bit old, and smelled a bit stuffy.We walked to the Valley Wing where they offered us free champagne and high tea at the lobby. Shangri-La seems to love doing this concept of having a high-end boutique hotel placed in their traditional big hotels.The cafe The Line is a brand-new restaurant with nice white decor. It offers a very nice buffet with both Western and local food. Well worth a try.My only advice is to stay in the Garden or Valley Wing. Personally I prefer to stay in the Fullerton for business.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>BobBux
<Content>Fantastic Shangri La We booked the Shangri La based mainly on the consistently good feedback on this site. We were therefore expecting our experience to be 'top notch'. We stayed for 4 nights at the end of September in a Horizon Club room in the Tower wing. We chose to upgrade on booking as, with breakfast included, it made sense for us. From the moment we arrived to the final minute of our departure I can honestly say that the service we received was outstanding. Many organisations here in the UK talk about exceeding customers' expectations - I worked for one until recently - the Shangri La doesn't just talk about it, they do it - all the time! I could list numerous examples, but suffice it to say that when we stupidly left our digital camera in the back seat of a taxi ,the efforts they made to help us get it back were amazing. This was problem ownership at the highest level, the best I have ever experienced. The service quality throughout the hotel was second to none. The Horizon Club was well worth booking - the 'free' cocktails and canapes were outstanding.We were scheduled to checkout around 6am to catch our next flight and we were casually chatting about how sorry we were to be missing the breakfast experience. On hearing this, Charles, the assistant Chef was there waiting at the Horizon Club checkout at 5.30 with a bag of goodies so that we didn't miss out. I need say no more....  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CambridgeMark
<Content>What a Great Hotel We chose the Shangri-La for a five-night stay in Singapore because of all the consistent praise on TripAdvisor. And we were not disappointed.There is something truly special about the service at this hotel. They sure know how to read eye contact and be there the second you want something -- and leave you in peace when you do not. We were tourists in Singapore, so we would spend all morning running around various neighborhoods and sites. Given the intense heat of the city, we would spend lunch looking forward to getting back in the afternoon to our perfect little oasis at the Shangri-La pool. We stayed in the Garden wing, where the room was beautiful and every amenity perfectly in place. After our five-night stay, we went on a four-day side trip, then returned to the Shangri-La for one final night before returning home. We had booked the Garden Wing again but were upgraded to a Horizon Club room. This room was so large and luxurious that we were almost sick to have only one night. I suspect the hotel does that kind of thing to lure you back for another stay -- and it sure might work!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>closetconundrums
<Content>Wrong Wing, Wrong Wrong...everthing was wrong       Shangri-La - Lobby  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Crose.rose
<Content>A piece of heaven What a lovely experience totally pampered. Great service, lovely food lovely rooms in fact the only complaint being it was a little far from the town otherwise I could have stayed for ages.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMRM
<Content>Highly Recommended Stayed for 12 nights in the Valley Wing. Loved the location - a short, pleasant walk to Orchard Road for shopping/restaurants or alternatively taxis are readily available if you don't want to walk in the heat or wish to go further afield. This hotel is perfect for a longer stay in Singapore with its spacious and luxuriant grounds, good spa and leisure facilities and choice of restaurants.The welcome was superb and our room everything we could have wished for. Exceptionally spacious and well appointed.Staying in the Valley Wing seemed worth the premium with the various extras including freeflowing Moet and delicious breakfast thrown in. It was lovely to be able to enjoy a quick drink before going out without having to order the bill and sign for it. In addition the Valley Wing had a more intimate, personal feel, although I would stress that service levels were exceptional in all areas of the hotel.The Line is also excellent for a breakfast (although mostly we had breakfast in the separate Valley Wing Summit Room) or for a relaxed dinner or Sunday brunch. The buffet has amazing variety and is constantly replenished with freshly prepared food.Would definitely choose the Shangri-La again and unreservedly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachbabeonce
<Content>Absolutely fantastic from start to finish From the moment we arrived, with the taxi door opened by the doorman and a very pleasant lady escorting us to the reception, we had a fantastic time here. The service was marvellous, attentive without being intrusive. Even the lifts had mats showing the day of the week! Our room was superb with every attention to detail. Every evening, the bed covers were turned down with a little quote from Lost Horizon left on the king-size pillows, cups and glasses were again washed and the complimentary bottles of drinking water replaced. Breakfast was a wonderful experience, whether taken in the garden room or outside, with so much selection and choices.All beautifully prepared. The pool was clean, with lots of sunbeds and fluffy towels. The cocktail bar was amazing with good views over the city.A truly wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aspian
<Content>Great hotel, great location. We had an amazing 3 nights at the hotel, simply could not fault it. Agree with many of the previous compliments. Would totally recommend to others. The staff were fantasic, views from the bar (tower wing 24th flr) were great. Overall good atmosphere.Things we enjoyed in singapore:1. Night Safari2. Cable car / visit to Sentoasa 3. Botannical Gardens  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>A fabulous experience       Beautiful room  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mup
<Content>Great Service Arrived at Reception to be told our requested room in the Garden Wing was not available due to a Media Conference. Was not impressed as we had all documentation which 'guaranteed the room. Duty Manageress came back with an offer of a slightly larger room in the Tower Wing. I asked about the view and was told it was a standard 'city view. Again not impressed as we specifically requested a 'garden view'. Must stess I was quietly controlled, but must have been visibly upset. Duty Manageress went off and came back with a full upgrade to a Horizons Club room with all benefits and although overlooking the front of the hotel, did have a more greener outlook. Normally I guess we would have just taken what was offered and been disappointed but I felt I should stick to my guns on this occasion and pleased I did as they did try their best to come up with a solution.All that aside we found staff extremely nice and nothing was too much trouble. Having been to Sinapore on several occasions we knew location of Hotel and were prepared for the walk to the top of Orchard Rd, which is really no big deal. We did a nice gentle stroll in under ten minutes. We are no spring chickens either. Obviously used taxi's if we wanted to go further or it was too wet. Pool area was lovely but could see that it could quickly become very hectic on a really hot day with a struggle to get a lounger. Most days I was able to chill out with no problem. We had breakfast included in our deal and found The Line was excellent. We also used the H.Club restaurant on a couple of occasions and again, top service but with a more limited choice of course.I would definately stay again but as with a lot of Hotels I think everyone can relate to a 'good or bad' experience, even during the same week!! We were lucky enough to experience a great stay in a delightful room.Mups  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brighton9
<Content>Luxury hotel       pool  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SenD
<Content>Shangri-La Singapore FIRST CLASS - stayed in the Valley Wing which was wonderful. There on business/holiday and had my 11 year old daughter with me. Lovely stroll down Orange Blossom Road to Orchard Road, service - faultless, in fact, everything was PERFECT!Have stayed there many times and have very fond memories even before the Garden Wing and Valley Wing existed. Home away from home!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheMaccas
<Content>Probably the Classiest Hotel in town! Forget Raffles (although worth a visit just the once!), the Shangri-La truly is an amazing hotel. Luxury personified.......About 30 minutes from the airport, the Shangri-La is ideally located just behind the main shopping area of Orchard Road (10 mins walk), but quiet enough to relax by the poolside in a world of your own.From the minute you walk in you are wow'd by the sheer scale and splendor of the hotel.Our 2nd time staying at this hotel and it just gets better. The 1st we stayed in the Garden Wing and most recently in a Tower Room. Both as luxurious as the other however the garden wing has the edge on overall experience and room size.Keep a look out for celeb spotting as this is the place they all stay.... we missed George W by a few hours (although our taxi driver did mention it is security hell when they are in town!)5 star all the way!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J123456789
<Content>Great, typical Shangri-La. Location not so good if you don't know Singapore and want to walk / take public transport. The Line restaurant is excellent but designed to confuse with its geometrical shapes, just for good measure they play disorienting music!!!We stayed in a tower room which was spacious, excellent and comfortable, except on last night after regular electrical maintenance when the air-con controls stopped working properly. They use a fancy touch controlled unit which simply stopped working and if you adjust the temperature at night it kindly swiches on a light, waking up your partner. The temperature control buttons are mixed in with the light buttons making life more difficult. Oh for proper knobs and switches.The garden rooms looked very nice, good if you want to treat it as a resort also. The hotel is opulent with helpful staff. Breakfast is typical Shangri-La which means excellent as is dinner. Great hotel if you can afford it.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>God-Bless-Air-Miles
<Content>Bliss Wonderful place to break a journey from Australia, though we also once stayed for a wedding. Superb, unobtrusive service, gorgeous, extensive gardens and huge pool, large, well-equipped room in the garden wing, with balcony overlooking that beautiful pool. For shopping addicts, it's walking distance to Orchard Road. Unusual for a city-centre hotel to possess such beautiful gardens and pool, rather than a thing stuck on the roof. On arrival, around ten at night after a very long and tiring day and flight from Sydney, I found myself instantly relaxed once I stepped on to that balcony. Highly recommended for a holiday (rather than business) visit, esp. garden wing rooms, with balconies. Would go back like a shot.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sankar
<Content>Extremely Over-priced for what you get The Shangri-la is a good hotel, no doubts on that. However, it doesn't deserve the premium positioning and pricing it seems to occupy. We'd booked a Horizon Club room, but since the hotel was full we ended up getting a standard lower flloor room instead of the Horizon Club Floor. We were later moved to another room on the Club Floor but this was a strangely shaped corner room without a separate shower stall in the bathroom - the website advertises all rooms as having a separate shower stall. And on 2 days, the international paper we had requested was not delivered and we had to request it twice after which we got the local paper. Small issues, i know, but you don't expect these in a hotel of this class and cost.The rooms and services are good and comfortable, but nothing special. The location is also poor, a long walk from Orchard Road's major shopping areas, no public transport or pretty much anything else nearby. I had stayed at the Mandarin Oriental last month at half the price and I would rate that stay on par with or slightly better than my stay this time at the Shangri-la. Stay somewhere else, it's not worth paying so much for the brand name.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	3	5	3	

<Author>paulyorks
<Content>fantastic we stayed here on october 14th for 3 nights with our family,we read the reviews on here first and we were not disappointed with anything at all.the staff,rooms,pool were all great and the fitness centre was good too.Be sure to try breakfast at the line resteraunt at least once,you will be amazed.fantastic hotel that i would recommend to anybody.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HayleyLouise
<Content>Amazing Hotel- Pure Luxury  We started our honeymoon here en route to OZ. It was an amazing experience. I was presented with a bouquet of red roses and a lovely card by the reception staff. We were upgraded to the Valley Wing which is out of this world. In our room they had left a chocolate cake, fruit basket and champagne! they really make a fuss when it's your honeymoon! The bathroom is fantastic. Rose petals in a love heart shape on the bed!Free champagne and canapes in the lobby every day. Free internet and free breakfast. It was one of the most amazing hotels I have ever stayed in. The restaurant at the top has the most amazing food and views. There is a fantastic pianist with a wonderful soulful voice. I almost collapsed with all the romance. The staff were lovely, very attentive without being over bearing. A first class hotel!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teacher17
<Content>Fantastic!       Lobby  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>becksred
<Content>Superb !! We stayed at the Shangri La hotel on our trip to Australia and on our way back to the UK. It was a First Class hotel . Excellent service and restaurants were superb !! I can recommend Eddie who works at the fitness centre with whom my husband and I had reflexology sitting on our loungers around the pool !! Fantastic !! It really is the hotel to stay for your trip or stayover in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SteveVB
<Content>A great hotel... and the food! The Shangri-La is an excellent hotel. This was my wife鈥檚 and my third stay here in the last year. Set in a treed residential area only a 1km shuttle bus ride from Orchard Road shops, the Shangri-La offers near-resort ambience and facilities for business and leisure travellers. Entering the vast lobby, the mature tropical trees and pool around which the hotel is built on three sides are already on view through ceiling-height windows. Unless you are economising on an overnight stay, forgo the rather bland Tower rooms and take a spacious Garden Wing Pool-View room with balcony to make the most of the palm tree and rainforest surroundings and to have more direct access to the outdoor areas. Our room was meticulously equipped and maintained. The large lagoon pool, popular in the Singapore heat, includes a good area for children, and there are tennis courts and a gym. A memorable aspect was the seriously good cooking in the three hotel restaurants we tried. The two-course Peking Duck in the Shang Palace Chinese restaurant was as good as we have had anywhere. The small lunch buffet in the Rose Veranda, easily missed in its mezzanine location overlooking the garden, had a great range of taste treats being constantly refreshed. But the showstopper is the 鈥淭he Line鈥?restaurant, an ultra-modern design tour de force on the pool level that is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A la carte is available for the weary, but take the buffet option and stroll around the sixteen 鈥渢heatre kitchens鈥? marvelling at and sampling the staggering variety of top quality eastern and western dishes on offer. The whole experience is fun for diners of all ages. We sat on after dinner, just enjoying the buzz of the place.Staff throughout were friendly and efficient. We really felt at home throughout our stay. Drinks of all kinds are expensive, as are business centre charges. Nevertheless we would recommend this hotel absolutely without hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Smith_P&L
<Content>Super hotel......except.... ....they forgot to send the limo to collect us from the airport!We stayed for 2 nights (22nd and 23rd September 2006) on route to Oz. As a treat to ourselves we arranged for a limo to collect us from the airport (and one to take us back two days later). The information desk at the airport kindly rang the Shangri-La to ask where our limo was and were told we had not booked for collection. Fortunately my husband had a copy of their confirmation fax and by the time we reached the hotel by taxi it was obvious they, too, had found a copy and realised they had made a mistake. They were sorry....we know they were because they kept telling us over and over and over again! The result was a free limo when we left but it did take the initial shine off the start of our holiday.Having said all that, we cannot fault the food, staff and general cleanliness of the hotel. Our room (garden view) was spacious and lovely and the shops in Orchard Road were within easy walking distance.We would stay there again without hesitation, however, we would not bother with limos as the taxis are plentiful and cheap (often with a running commentary on what to see and where to go).  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MrsG31
<Content>A perfect end to our honeymoon! As a stop over on our way home from 3 weeks in Australia we decided that we would visit Singapore and had an idea that the Shangri-La were top quality hotels. However, we had no idea quite how fantastic our stay would be. We were offered the chance of upgrading our room to a suite in the Valley Wing for a discounted price which we agreed to and I have to say was well worth the money. When you stay in the Valley Wing you are entitled to an amazing breakfast, free flowing champagne, coctails and in the evening canapes. In the afternoon you can stop for afternoon tea and this is all served within your own private, luxurious lounge. The suite was amazing and we arrived to find rose petals in the shape of a heart on our bed, a cake and a card congratulating us on our marriage and wishing us well for the future. We felt like complete royalty from the moment we arrived until we left and we are only sorry that our stay wasn't longer. You have to go and see for yourself.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScottishGal123
<Content>First Class Hotel I can see why this hotel is No.1 in Singapore.We stayed in a Deluxe Garden Wing room. Lovely, spacious room with a huge bed! Huge corner balcony.The staff at the hotel could not do enough to help you. The Line resturant where breakfast is served was out of this world. Hotel is located within 10mins (walking) of Orchard Road. Taxis are very cheap and efficient so it was never a problem to get around Singapore.Worth doing is the Sunday brunch at the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>inviso
<Content>Still the Best in Singapore but with a small complaint I have been a regular in the Valley Wing Shangrila for a few years. The place is unique and special: beautiful and grand rooms, free flow of wines, champaign etc. Generally immaculate and very friendly service. The only one gripe was when I wanted to arrange for some chocolates to be sent, the receptionist was less than willing to assist. I was hoping that she could provide a one stop service from getting the box of cholocates for me and delivering it via local courier to the recipient. Instead, I eventually had to do it myself (sensing her great reluctance)- to get it from the chocalatier and then to deliver it. From a top hotel, this was dissappointing. But will not stop me from returning to probably the best city hotel in South East Asia.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DawnC
<Content>Fantastic and Fabuolus Just back from a nine night stay in the Valley Wing of Shangri-La Singapore. Arrived and was shown to our stunning room by the assistant manager where we completed a very speedy check in, had a quick freshen up and then went for our first visit to the champagne bar.Our room was very spacious and had the most beautiful bathroom with twin sinks, large powerful shower, sunken bath with a television built in at the end of it and the toilet and bidet were in a separate small room. Every day the fruit bowl was replenished and every night a box with a chocolate was left for us. There was even a pillow menu with a choice of anti snore, lavender filled etc.Breakfast is included when you stay at the Valley Wing and can be taken in either the private Summit room or in The Line resturant, we used the summit room every day where there was a buffet of cereals, fruit, cold meats and cheeses and pastriesand then there is the menu oh my goodness are you spoiled for choice from traditional Japanese and Chinese breakfasts to the full cooked English, waffles served with banana and berries with maple butter, pancakes with berries and French toast served with bacon berries and honey. The staff are wonderfull and after a couple of days remember your preference for tea, coffee white or brown toast.The Champagne Bar in the lobby is fantastic no matter what time of day ( I think between 11 and 10.30 ) you come in you hear the popping of champagne corks Edward and his team of butlers are there to see that your glass is never empty ( or at least not for very long ) of course you can also have beer, wine, spirtis, cocktails and soft drinks try the Singapore Sling you wont be disappointed careful tho as they are strong!!! Tea, coffee and hot chocolate are also readily available as the the selection of snacks afternoon tea, cheese and biscuits and canapes.The pool is lovely to pass a morning or afternoon its very shady with lots of palms and plants surrounding it and waiters come around with slices of fruit and cold towels a very nice touch.We ate in Blu one evening on the 24th floor stunning views you need to book in advance for a window table as its quite a small resturant, the food is very good and beautifully presented but it is expensive.All of the staff are lovely friendly and very welcoming we absolutely loved our stay here and would reccomend the upgrade to Valley Wing as I'm sure that for what it costs you more than get value for money  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IncaWalnut
<Content>Good yes, great no I have stayed in many hotels in Singapore. This is not a boast, it is simply a result of my relentless search to find the perfect hotel in a city that thrives on business and tourist travel above all else!! The Shangri-la is a good hotel, it is not a great hotel. It is large, busy and the only thing from making it feel totally impersonal are the attentive staff (which you get in most top hotels in Asia - wake up Europe to how things should be done!!)The Shangri-la is slightly dated, it has lush gardens with a huge pool (lovely if you like crowds) the Line restaurant is manicly busy but the buffet is superb. The rooms have hessian wall coverings, cheap wardrobes and baths suited to kids under the age of 5. It is all a bit late 1980's.What Singapore needs is a hotel with a sense of intimacy with rooms refurbished to today's standards. The Fullerton is one, but too much in the business district. There are better hotels than the Shangri-La and I apologise to the sweet and attentive staff in saying so.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>hayls
<Content>Absolute Class! This was our second visit to Singapore and although we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Oriental the first time round, we wanted a change of scenery. We'd read good things about the Shangri-La and this was our third stay in a SL hotel so we had a high level of expectation. Without any hesitation, I can say that this hotel was fantastic, easily the best Shangri-La we've been to and the best 5 star city hotel we've stayed at in the Far East.We were welcomed by a number of staff on arrival and whisked over to the Garden Wing. We were taken straight to our room where check-in took place and our bags were delivered. Shortly afterwards, complimentary tea and fruit was brought to our room. Everything was done efficiently and professionally - ideal after a long flight. We didn't feel like we were in a large city hotel and the staff deserve credit for this from the way they welcomed us and the check-in process.The room was large and nicely decorated with a large veranda (we had a corner room). The bed was huge and very comfortable. The mini-bar was expensive though. The Garden wing has a resort ambiance with outdoor covered walkways, a central garden, pond and waterfall. It has good access to the pool. The pool is quite large and the area around is really pretty. My only criticism is that on the weekends, it was difficult to get a sun lounger and perhaps more are needed during busy times. On weekdays, it was much quieter.We only ate in The Line which is an amazing buffet with a wide range of cuisines. Make sure you are hungry to take full advantage of them and to especially make the most of the chocolate fountain! Breakfast is equally as good with a good range of fruit juices, lassi, eggs however you want them, asian food, fresh waffles and pancakes with fresh honey and much more!We had one drink in the Blu bar, which was expensive but on the top floor so you get a different view of the city. We did receive a voucher towards the drinks by filling in a guest review form so it worked out at a reasonable price for us.We took taxis to most places which are cheap and we walked down to the Orchard Road on some occasions. It takes around 5-10 minutes.In general, the service was of a high standard and consistent, the food was excellent as were the rooms. The pool was really good for both swimming and relaxing too. I will be returning to Singapore if only to stay in the Shangri-La. And for the chocolate fountain of course!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Plain_Truth
<Content>Genuine Touch Stayed for 3 nights and very impressed with genuine customer service. Staff went out of their way to at least smile and greet at every opportunity and were knowledgable and helpful. Standard of rooms were very good even in tower wing. General ambience was quite appealing with nice pool and central oasis area. A bit out of the way but taxis are so cheap and comfortable it was worth being a bit removed from the hustle and bustle of Orchard Rd. Attention to detail did not go unnoticed, down to washing detergent sachets in bathroom.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>proffitt76
<Content>Best Hotel Ever We stayed here as the first part of our honeymoon (a stop off on the way to Australia). We arrived feeling a little dejected as the 鈥渨orlds鈥?favourite airline鈥?managed to lose our luggage for what turned out to be our whole 3 day stay. We were very impressed with the reception area and when we were booking in we were then asked if we would like to upgrade our room (it worked out at about 拢30 per night extra). I thought I was getting the usual spiel but I was that fed up, I accepted. All I can say it is the best 拢30 per night extra I have EVER spent. We were given a large suite, rose petals on the bed in the shape of a heart, cake, Chinese tea, the full works. When the hotel found out about our luggage situation we were given a complimentary clean T Shirt and a wash bag. The upgrade also gave up membership to the Horizon Club. This was a private members area on the top floor. Complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea, internet access and phone use (essential for us at the time) and a huge lounge. Imagine a business class lounge at an airport and you鈥檙e almost there.We ate at the Line restaurant. Very stylish and excellent food (and value). We didn鈥檛 use the pool but it did look very good.This mush have been the most friendly and efficient hotel I have ever stayed in and wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to recommend it to anyone  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Macros_The_Black
<Content>Unbelievable! Wow! This was amazing! We stayed here because of reviews on here and were not disappointed! I, however, have not stayed in many really plush hotels - so maybe that negates my opinion a little?!We were in the Valley Wing where nothing is too much trouble. We enjoyed the complimentary canapes and drinks that were served every day in the lounge. There is a separate entrance for residents of the wing and the reception is stunning.The room was gorgeous - large bathroom and bed, beautiful view of the pool, very spacious. It was serviced at several points during the day, including when they turn down your bed for the night and leave handmade chocolates on the pillows. There were even business cards printed up with my name on them and left in the desk drawer. The staff were amazingly helpful - tipping is expected for certain services, such as the porter. The only thing I would say is that it IS expensive - and there were a few charges that we hadn't thought about such as the tax that they add to your total bill, and the gratuities that get automatically added to every service that you use. (For example, they add gratuity for the room service if I remember rightly).However, I suppose that if you're in a place like this, you might expect these things? Would love to stay here again, but I think this might have been a once in a lifetime opportunity!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JRL12
<Content>WOW Wow - Stayed in the Valley Wing after reading other reviews etc. Without a doubt worth it.Must be one of the best hotels in the world.Problem is because the hotel is so comfortable you need longer in Singapore to see  do everything!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>E_Hemingway
<Content>Bring your wallet I was very keen to stay here after seeing it ranked #1 and with such good reviews. It does live up to expectations, but when viewed in comparison with other 5 star Asian hotels, it is not that extraordinary. I stayed in a tower deluxe room which is huge and has a fantastic bathroom. Lives up to the pictures on their web site. The views from here are great too. The web page gives you a good insight into what it looks like so no need to go into detail. It is simply a stunning looking hotel - on the inside that is. Outside is a bit plane and 70's.The location is a chic part of town. Very leafy and surrounded by low key expensive accommodation. Seems to be mainly Ex-pats. It is isolated though as you can see on the map. About 10 minutes walk to orchard RD. If you want to be in the thick of it, stay at the Grand Hyatt. But with cabs so cheap, it's not a concern at all.The breakfast in The Line restaurant is a 9/10. The only places better were Grand Hyatt Singapore and Sheraton Bangkok in my experience. The decor is very nice with a huge selection of food. Only thing is, it is S$43 per person. The most expensive breakfast I have had in a hotel. Not good for family holiday makers (not that you see many families here). For the corporate traveller, who cares about the price? I think they are taking advantage of the fact that there is no other option in the immediate area.While on cost, the mini-bar is just highway robbery. A local Tiger beer is S$12, a Kit Kat S$7, small Evian S$8 and a coke about S$8. There is no 7/eleven nearby to restock either. Internet was S$10.50 per 15 minutes. I was travelling on business but I still hate being ripped off like that. The pool is large and well maintained. Inadequate poolside seating though given the number of guests so don't count on one. The gym is fully equipped and professional standard. Service by all staff is impeccable. typical Asian service.You can't go wrong here unless you are footing the bill. The charges really do add up, especially when the service fee and GST are added. But it loses full marks from me because of the sheer gratuitous grafting going on.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Paul Shave
<Content>The best Quite simply, the best hotel we've ever stayed at. We stayed in the cheapest Tower wing, so you don't get all the free goodies of the more expensive wings, but I really couldn't fault this hotel at all.The staff are extremely friendly - everyone smiles and says hello. The Line buffet restaurant is excellent for breakfast and evening meals, and the Shang Palace Chinese restaurant was very good.If you can afford it, don't stay anywhere else in Singapore!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sparklequeen
<Content>Loved Singapore       hotel pool  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckystrike
<Content>A superb stay       Our standard room  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>thepminwales
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Hotel You must stay here. Just going on to Bali now after 4 days at the Shangri La and we do not want to leave. The staff are superb and will really go out of their way to make your stay as smooth as possible. We upgraded to the Tower Wing for an Extra $65 per night and it is worth it. Five Star Hotel all round. Try the buffet lunch at the Lime you will not be disapointed !  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rruparelia
<Content>One of best hotels in the world       Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amber88
<Content>Amazing Hotel I stayed at Shangri La this August with my husband. The hotel is really beautiful. We stayed in the Garden Wing which has a tropical theme, all the rooms come with a balcony, ours was over looking immaculate gardens and the pool, we were given a corner suite which had an extended balcony which was worth it as it was big enough for the sun loungers and had small dining area which would be ideal for a in room service meal. We were celebrating our first wedding anniversary and the friendly reception staff noticed from my passport that it was also my birthday, the following morning the hotel sent up a birthday card, a box of complimentary chocolates and wine, in addition to the complimentary fruit basket we already had, I thought that was a really nice touch. Our breakfast was included which was served at The Line Restaurant in a buffet style, which is truly amazing. Their lunch and dinner choices were fantastic too. They had every type of cuisine imaginable.The main shopping area of Orchard Road is about a 15mins walk away, however if it is too hot to walk the Hotel offers a complimentary bus shuttle service every hour which takes you straight to one of the main shopping malls on Orchard Road.There is a really nice piano bar serving drinks to the sound of a live mellow singer and there is a Blu Restaurant on the 25th floor which has an amazing panoramic view of the Singapore skyline- both well worth a visit.The only criticism was that that Hotel did not appear to have an ATM, the nearest ones were on orchard Road. Overall we had a fantastic stay, the hotel staff are really friendly and cannot do enough, the hotel is very luxurious and well worth a visit.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ipana
<Content>Absolutely fabulous hotel!!! This hotel was wonderfull and worth every penny!! Unbelievable service, rooms were spacios and a lot of luxury things (like TV in the bathroom so that You can take a bath and watch TV at the same time...). There was even a complementary champagnebar in the luxurious lobby. You could get champagne and other drinks for free throughout the day! They served also snacs and canapes during the afternoon and evening. Live harp music every night etc. This hotel is truly worth the name Shangri La! We stayed in the Valley Wing which is more luxurious than the Garden or Tower Wing. In the inner court there were a green area with palmtrees etc. in the middle of which there was an enourmous pool and a jacuzzi for about 6-8 people. And the breakfast was unbelievable, the coffee and juices best I've ever tasted. There was also a huge table full of all kinds of fruits; most of which I didn't even know by name. Delicious! You also got to choose a warm plate of scrambled eggs, french toast, japanese breakfast etc. Even the location was good, quite near the Orchard Road but still by a quiet side street so that the traffic didn't disturbe. Recommend especially to honeymooners or couples looking for a luxurious and relaxing stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JP80-Worldroamer
<Content>Excellent We had free stop-over on our honeymoon and decided to stay here at the Shangri-LaService:Very friendly staff and extremely attentive. Rooms:Good size suites with a view overlooking the city. Location:Good. Rather misleading as you not actually on Orchard Road itself. You would need to get the courtesy bus in or go by back (10mins)Breakfast:The choice is incredible. We ate in the club lounge for the first morning and then decided to boycott it in preference to the great atmosphere and vast selection of cuisine in the main restaurant below.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ateve
<Content>Stunning Hi,Had four night stay in July, and were bowled over by the opulence, style, service and friendliness of the hotel. It was my wifes birthday whilst we were there, and we returned from a trip to find wine, chocolates and fruit i the room with a letter/card from guest relations.Breakfasts awesome......a superb yoghurt bar being a highlight.Love to return  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alantroy
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed Our days followed a similar pattern. On arrival we were given a glass of champagne and decided we would up grade to the club rooms for a modest $50 extra/night. We had a work out in the huge gym each morning to give us an appetite for the free buffet breakfast on the 24th floor. You do get access to a private gym but the bigger public gym is more extensive and was never overly busy. I use a gym 3 times a week at home and it was good to be able to keep up a regular workout. The pool is enormous . There was a conference of defence ministers at our hotel for 3 or 4 days so there were security cordons and cops wandering past the pool with sub machine guns. Probably best avoided if possible. Complimentary wine or cocktails in the club lounge from 5 to 7 were delightful and the staff were extraordinarily attentive.Dinner in Blu was expensive but delicious. I had foie gras and alaskan Halibut. On a future visit we would try the restaraunt on the 70th floor New Asia bar which affords better views. Finally the rooms were very spacious and deliciously comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HolidayAid
<Content>Top Class For sheer class, this hotel takes some beating. From the moment you are welcomed by one of the Guest Relations Officers you are made to feel you are in a special hotel. I didnt take my business cards with me (after all I was on holiday !), so I was surprised when I was asked for one to assist with the check in. My wife had one of her business cards, which saved the day.We stayed in the Tower Wing overlooking Orchard Road, and had inter-connecting rooms so that our two children (13  10)were always near.We ate at the Line for breakfast on the first day, which although expensive, was excellent in terms of quality and quantity available. My wife and I also went to the Blu Bar on our last night, which is on the top floor overlooking Singapore, and had a Singapore Sling.The pool area was clean, spacious and relaxing although there was trouble obtaining sun beds if you wanted them in the sunny aspect. Service was very good, and taxis so cheap to the Night Zoo, and to Sentosa, where we swam with the doplhins in a pre-arranged training session, and also went on the Luge.We also used one of their four tennis courts for a game, and our son played on the minature golf course. The only down side was we were told we could use the Health Club to shower and change before our evening pick-up at 8 p.m on the way to the airport. Unfortunately when we got there, we were shown to one of the small individual spa rooms, which had limited facilities, and our children had to go out of the Health Club to use the toilets as they were not allowed inside the Club, even if accompanied by one of us. This seemed all a little pointless and gained a small black mark.The hotel is a comfortable ten minute walk to Orchard Road, and the wealth of shopping opportunities take your breath away. Also went on the bumboat ride for free as we were on the Singapore Stopover with SIA. All in all, a hotel with an experience not to miss.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MattDC
<Content>Inefficient A 2 rating is adequate but some problems right?I was very familiar with this hotel and chain, having stayed here for nearly 3 months from December to February. I have also stayed in Island Shang HK and Shaon KL. This stay in Sing was for 12 nights. When I checked in after a long haul flight followed directly by a meeting I was half asleep and was pestered by the receptionist to have 'A much better room', free breakfast, free Internet' The next day I asked to have the room I had originally booked because I wanted a balcony and did not need free breakfast, and also because the Internet was not free as stated - I am sure that the staff get bonusses for achieveing an 'Upgrade'.Anyhow, the new room in the garden wing was noisy: I could hear noises everytime someone flushed their toilet or let out a bath, and could also hear stomping of people on the landing. Quiet is very important to me when I stay away from home. I bought ear plugs. There was only a trickle of hot water. The air con was either too hot or FAR to cold.The Line restaurant used to be cool, but has lost something, it seems stressed. There was never enough room around the pool. A soft drinks convention that was staying meant that great big red branded umbrellas appeared by the pool ...bright red - not at all stylish. The outside of Blu bar stinks of cigarettes.The reception staff seemed very stressed, I kept well clear.There are other good hotels out there...  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	4	1	2	3	

<Author>Travelaholics
<Content>Stunning Shangri La We stayed at the Shangri La for four nights in July at the start of our trip to South East Asia. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Orchard Road although the hotel has a frequent shuttle bus to take you there and back. We took taxis to most places that we visited due to the fact that they are incredibly cheap e.g. we went to the night safari about 35 mins away and the taxi fare was around 拢3. We had booked a hotel in the tower wing which was spacious and had a floor to ceiling window overlooking the pool and gardens. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom had lots of toiletries that were restocked twice a day. We also recived complimentary jasmine tea on our first two nights as a welcome which was a nice touch.Breakfast at the Line was included in our rate. It was absolutely fantastic. The choice was greater than we have ever experienced before - dozens of different cuisines to try and you could eat as much as you liked. We also went to the Line for dinner one evening and the dinner buffet was definitely along the same lines and we would recommend this as well.We had dinner at Blu on our first evening and had their signature tasting menu which was excellent. The views of the city from the restaurant are well worth it. If you didn't want to spend your money in the restaurant there is a bar that serves cocktails where you can get a similar view for a fraction of the cost (note alcohol is not particularly cheap in Singapore).We made use of the pool and spa facilities, both of which were excellent. The spa, in particular, was very reasonably priced and the therapists were very friendly.We cannot fault this hotel which set the standard for the rest of our trip - the food here even put the food at the Mandarin Oriental in KL in the shade - and would definitely recommend this if you are visiting Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>miabailey
<Content>LOVED IT!! Out of this world, This was the first leg of our honeymoon and was fantastic! Service excellent hotel was magnificent the roof top bar was great residents only nice and quiet relaxing whilst overlooking the city. Just a ten min walk from orchard road thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcjubin
<Content>great - but out of the way Stayed there for business several days. Great hotel, magnificant gardens and swiming pool, superbe room tastefully decorated (fusion design) with large bathroom bath + shower. Breakfast top quality. Several restaurants including a excellent japanese. As usal in Asian palaces, service is dedicated and attentionated which makes you feeling special. It is a top business hotel with a holidays feeling. The only critic I could make is that the hotel is a bit remoted and you will need to take a taxi to go everywhere. However, I used to walk to the top of Orchard road in 15'. The staff, although friendly, was not very efficiant. (They could not manage to book me a ticket for a show and I ended up to buy it myself !!).If you can offer it is a great place to stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Clare_Lee
<Content>Heavenly Valley Wing We had originally booked a room in the Garden Wing but having read the reviews of the Valley Wing we decided to splash out and stay there instead. I'm so glad we did! Upon arrival we were greeted by name and I was given a beautiful orchid. Check-in was in our room which had a view over the gardens and pool which made you feel like you were in a million miles away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre, even though its just a 10 minute walk to Orchard Road and the MRT station.The room itself was stunning - very spacious with a seating area, desk, large bed, dressing area and bathroom. Fresh fruit and flowers were put in the room every day and chocolates were put on the bed each night. There are also some really nice touches such as a choice of 6 different tea leaves, a lead to connect your iPod to the in-room stereo system, a tv in the bathroom, a choice of 4 pillows and personalised paper and business cards. The room was very comfortable and had everything we needed for our stay.Breakfast can either be taken in a room within the Valley Wing and order from a menu or have the buffet, or you can eat in The Line restaurant which all other Shangri-La guests go to and choose from a mammoth buffet. We also enjoyed the complimentary champers and cocktails which are available throughout most of the day in the Valley Wing lobby area.The staff at the hotel cannot do enough for you, from making up your favourite cocktail to trying to cheer up two very unhappy England fans after the England v Portugal game!We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AvidHolidaymaker
<Content>A Touch of Class! I had originally booked the Swissotel Merchant Court for our 5 night stay in Singapore - but, after reading recent not-so-favourable reviews of that hotel, decided to change to the Shangri-la before we left home. Best move I ever made! We sought out the Swissotel to see what it was like in the flesh. Location excellent for the Quays, and an MRT station, but not so good for Orchard Road. 2 sides of the hotel are completely surrounded by a huge building site - not appealing to me in the least. I can't comment on the interior, obviously, but we are SO glad we switched to the Shangri-la.NOW THIS WAS A REAL TOUCH OF CLASS! Can only concur with other reviews about this first class hotel. The welcome is warm and genuine, nothing is too much trouble, and everyone greets you with a smile. You just know that the staff are proud to work there, and so they should be. All public areas are beautifully designed and immaculately kept, as are the bedrooms. We had a deluxe room in the Tower wing - only their standard room but it was gorgeous, with wonderful views across the city. We told them that we were going on to Bali to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary, and they left wine, chocolates and fruit in our room as a gift, decorating our bed with rose petals in the shape of a heart!We used The Line buffet for our breakfast each morning, and for dinner on our last night. The choice and quality was outstanding. The pool area is huge and a real oasis for being in the centre of the city. Have a drink in Blu Bar, on the 24th floor - a bit pricey, but worth it for the views!What more can I say? I would DEFINITELY go back!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MoodyR
<Content>Luxurious? Not in the Garden Wing!       The view from the room - The gardens and pool  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TRNC4ever
<Content>Absolutely fantastic We spent 6 nights at the Shangri-La and had an absolutely wonderful time there. From the moment we arrived to the day we left, the staff and everyone concerned with this hotel could not do enough to help us with anything, and I mean anything we needed. I booked in here to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversay and it was worth every penny.We stayed in the Garden Wing in one of the corner suites - it was so so comfortable. We had a cake marking our anniversay, fresh fruit every day, rose petals all over the bed (in a romantic heart shape), the bed was huge, we had everything in the room and more. The hotels location to Orchard Road and the shops is fabulous, and the hotel has a courtesy bus that takes you there as well if you didn't fancy the 10-15 minutes walk.If I visit the far east again, then I will definately stay at a Shangri-La hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this (and other) websites. I have to say evrything was first class but the over-riding feature was how friendly and attentative all the hotel staff were. We stayed in the garden wing, the room was a decent size and was cleaned twice daily. The only negative was I felt the food and drink were expensive, however being such a short walk to Orchard Road it was not too much of an inconvenience. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Yorkshirelass74
<Content>Wonderful Shangrila Stayed at the Shangrila as the last leg of our honeymoon in June. What a superb hotel. You'll probably not notice the host of Lamborginis and Ferraris parked outside as you are immediately stunned by the fantastic lobby. The hotel overall is beautiful and the outside pool (heated) area is fantastic. We stayed in the tower room which is just their standard I think. It was lovely - imagine the upgrades would be fab. Breakfast at the Line is an experience not to be missed, every conceivable breakfast dish is available and the quality of the food is superb. If only I could eat more I would have stayed in here for hours - a must for food lovers! Lounging by the pool is a real treat - the staff here are very attentive with cold towels pieces of fruit , foot massages etc, we never wanted to leave!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jill_Downunder
<Content>Amazing gardens, decor and great hotel staff We arrived for a four night stay in the Shangri La in June, 2006. On arrival, we were upgraded from a Tower Room to a Garden Room, which was situated in an atrium of garden and tropical shrubbery.The staff were consistently polite, helpful, courteous and efficient at all times. The only difficulties we had were trivial and were quickly fixed - the toilet didn't work properly on one occasion and was fixed on the same day, and we were incorrectly billed for a minibar item which we had not used - this was removed from our account.The breakfast buffet, which was included in our package, was absolutely amazing - there is every conceivable style and type of food available. Pastries are displayed on glass shelves. For Western guests, there were several different types of bacon and eggs, scrambled eggs was made on order right in front of you, and there was a very large selection of Asian cuisine for breakfast as well. Endless number of juices and fruits as well.The concierge service n the hotel was wonderful - nothing was ever too much trouble, and the concierge was a mine of useful information about local touring, the weather, currency, postal services and other enquiries we had during our stay.In all, the hotel was an excellent experience - staff were absolutely superb, and facilities were everything you could ask for and more. Given the choice, I would go back in an instant.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NictheCarver
<Content>I foung my Shangri-La As is typical for this chain, my first stay at this S-La was a class stay. Had a tower deluxe room, which had great views and quality of room interior and bed etc was brilliant. Pool area was really relaxing and size of pool outstanding, food quality good and backed up by the faultless staff that is normal of Shangri La hotels, my stay was wonderful from begining to end and i am coming back. Top quality.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cumbriabuggyer
<Content>Blown Away! We stayed for 3 nights at the end of a visit to Thailand, and were completely blown away by the Shangri-La. As advised in some reviews on this site, we upgraded to the Valley Wing on arrival. We'd seen photos of the rooms on the hotel's own website so had some idea - but the detail was still amazing. Twin light switches for the bathroom according to the level of lighting you wanted, powered curtains, iPod connection for the sound system - all great.But really it paled into insignificance beside the level of service from the staff - not at all formal or servile, they just seemed to care - remembering your name and your preferences and anticipating your needs before they'd even occurred to you. (Or was it just our reflex reaction to an offer of more champagne?!)When we had a problem getting the shower to work, the butler had summoned 2 engineers within minutes. When we asked for a fruit juice at breakfast that they couldn't produce, the look of horror on staff faces seemed genuine - it was there the next morning though!Criticisms? None, unless you count the poor pedestrian access to the Valley Wing entrance - but that really is nitpicking. We'd love to go again.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lynkay
<Content>beautiful hotel The Shangri La is a beautiful hotel. About a 10 minute walk from Orchard Road which is a shoppers paradise, make sure you have a large limit on your credit card. We stayed in a Garden Room which was lovely although it was on the ground floor and faced the road. The staff are very attentive and cannot do enough to help. They even top up the ice bucket in the room twice a day. I had left my Epipen in the UK and they arranged for a prescription for me. The only probelm is it is impossible to get one from a pharmacy so beware and make sure that you pack yours. The breakfast in The Line restaurant was superb (better even than the Banyan Tree in Bangkok). There was so much choice. We met people that had eaten in the Californian restaurant they said that it ws very good but a bit pricey. Cabs are very cheap in Singapore so getting around is easy as is the public transport. The cable car to Sentosa was shut which was a shame. The hotel provides a free shuttle to the Island in the morning. We had our Singapore Sling in Raffles and the staff are clued up and took our photo. We went to the night zoo and it was brilliant we did not have the dinner option which we were glad about and used the time to walk about. The bat cage and the flying squirrels were amazing.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing 5 * 10 out of 10 Stayed in the shangri la for the first three days of our honeymoon the hotel is amazing everything you need after a long flight the bed was huge and views spectacular we stayed on a bed and breakfast basis and wow what a breakfast the dining area was lovely and the choice phenomanall all in all nothing bad to say about this hotel at all 10 out of 10 for a short stay hotel.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>valley wing review april 2006: 3rd time at the valley wing and still very happy with it. we are 2 plus 2 children and the interconecting rooms (2 rooms with a shared hallway and door to the corridor) work well for us and are very large/luxurious. swimming pool at the hotel attractive for a city hotel and good for kids. restaurant outlets all good although we were less enamoured of the line, the new 24 hour restaurant. valley wing guests get free canapes, drinks etc and a special breakfast area of higher quality than the usual hotel fare, even at this 5 star level. we travel extensively and believe the room rates to be good value.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fige84
<Content>Valley Wing perfect, the rest of the hotel... not as impressive! If you book the Shangri-La, stay at the Valley Wing! Stayed twice there in April and I must say that during both stays, everything was simply perfect. Not one thing to complain about... Tough the entire hotel is rather large, you feel like in a small intimate oasis in the Valley wing... I arrived very early in the morning (7am) from Europe and my room was ready. Checking-In is incredibly fast and takes place in the privacy of your room. Free sandwiches and drinks in the lobby in the afternoon are a nice extra and breakfast is included... definitely worth evey cent! The only thing this hotel misses in comparison to the Ritz, Oriental or Swissotel Stamford is the view which is definitely not very spectacular...The other parts of the hotel are a bit less impressive and very much in the style of the 70's... seems a little dated! Food at the poolside restaurant was a bit bland and the service was not very attentive... The gym is large and well equipped but you better take your jacket with you as the room is definitely undercooled.If you're looking for a quiet retreat in the city center to relax after a tiring day in the tropical heat, Shangri-La's Valley Wing is the right choice. Location is probably not the best (except for shopping) but at least you do not have all the noise from various construction sites near the other luxury hotels closer to the sea.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Navigator10
<Content>Top notch luxury hotel lives up to it's name          Another view of my room.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rooby25
<Content>Never stayed anywhere else like it..! I cannot put the Valley Wing Experience into words.We spent a year in Perth and on our way over had been lucky enough to have a complimentary upgrade to the presidential suite at the Pan Pacific in Singapore. We thought that having a sauna in our 2 level suite would never be capped.. then we stayed at the Valley Wing on our way back and have not been able to top it as yet!We arrived at 7 in the morning and I thought we'd have to leave our cases until we could check in later.. we were greeted by no less than 6 staff who knew my name before we'd even got out the taxi. Incredible. We were ushered straight to our room which was superb as we had just flown Sydney - Perth - Singapore and were shattered! The friendly girl who took us to our room, accidently took us to the wrong room to start with. She could not apologise enough. Like I say, we weren't expecting it at all! It took no longer than 10 minutes to sort out, however in our new room was a bottle of wine and the most apologetic,sincere, hand written card I had ever seen - Bless them!The room was wonderful, the TV in the HUGE luxurious bathroom was great. I managed to watch the whole of Dirty Dancing while my husband was in the bedroom! I was sipping on the vino and complimentary choccies and was in heaven!We were invited to take breakfast on our first morning which was a huge bonus again, but the service and quality of food in the Summit Room was like nothing I have ever experienced. We felt a little out of our depth to start with as some of the other customers seemed very rude to the staff and very demanding which is not us at all, but we soon realised that our money is as good as anyone else's (maybe we just have a lot less of it!) and we relaxed and enjoyed it. We had done our sightseeing on the way over, and realised this would probably be a once in a lifetime experience, so we took our scrabble board down to the lobby and settled in for the afternoons, sipping on Moet and munching on delicious canapes and chocolates - the staff loved it! On our first evening when I got to my room, they had a birthday cake handmade by the chef and had placed it on a huge table with orchids and a candle which I thought was so lovely - they only knew it was my birthday as one of the staff had spotted a gift box with our luggage... how attentive and what fantastic service.I mentioned to one of the Butlers that I was interested in buying an i-pod and within minutes he had given me a list of addresses and prices and where was best to go. They took concierge service to the whole next level!I cannot tell you how much we loved this hotel - we will definately return one day. We have been fortunate enough to stay at some very nice hotels - but nothing quite compares to the Valley Wing. If you ever get the chance - please DO IT!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Robert87
<Content>Best place to stay Living in Asia, one gets rather used to high standards from hotels, especially from local chains like Shangri-La. My 3 night stay at the Shangri-La Singapore together with my wife and young son helped to raise expectations further, however - together with the Pensinsula Bangkok, this now ranks at the top of the Asian league, in my opinion. Particularly impressive was the breakfast, with superb stylish presentation, creative variety and excellent ingredients all round. Our room was spacious, impeccably clean, very well thought out with lovely details to be found in the choice of bedclothes, pillows and suchlike. Staff were very efficient, helpful and relaxingly reliable. A real plus is that children are made to feel positively welcome all round by the hotel's staff, and my son greatly enjoyed his stay. Bathrooms were spacious, and first-rate all round. Location-wise the fact that it is 5 minutes from Orchard Road means that one is well plugged in. On leisure facilities the pool is very pleasant, although not as elaborate in other Shangri-La hotels - very good tennis as well. As for price, not really cheap, but compared to what one gets in Europe for similar prices, it then seems a real bargain.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>treadlightly
<Content>A real dump Ok, ,maybe that's a bit harsh, but not for the prices they charge and what you get. We went on our honeymoon on the way back from the Maldives. We arrived after an overnight flight at 6 am jetlagged and wanting to rest. To their credit, they gave us our room straight away. We put up the do-no-disturb sign and fell asleep. Well, maids came in about five different times despite the sign and us telling them not to-and we were on our honeymoon! But that's not the worst of it, our room smelled horribily of mildew, even our pillows. There were ants all over our room, and the entire hotel felt extremely dated. We complained but were told we were in the best section of the hotel-the garden wing-which we just couldn't believe. Also, the food is very ordinary and really overpriced. I've stayed at Shangri-La in Hong Kong and it was extremely nice, not so here. Save your money and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SpineyNorman
<Content>Even better than expected On the recommendation of Tripadvisor I stayed here with my wife and son for three days in April. The reviews had been so consistently good that I expected to be disappointed - at least on a 'nothing can be this good' basis. However everything was perfect in every way. We stayed in the Garden Wing, which is really beautiful with delightful flower covered balcony. Apart from that I can add very little to what others have said but would give this example of their attention to detail. My wife was slightly unwell one morning and I asked them not to make up the room till midday. When we returned back to our room in the evening, there was a letter from the management saying they hoped my wife was better and asking if there was anything they could do for us. How's that for service?  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>birdybird
<Content>Fab Shangri-La The Shangri-La Singapore is a fantastic hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed in the Tower wing for three nights in February and couldn't fault any aspect of our stay. Our room was absolutely lovely, very big and plush decoration with a city view. The range of food available for breakfast, lunch and dinner was immense (food from 60 countries avail. for breakfast alone). The concierge couldn't do enough for us. The decor is fantastic, it's all very grand. It's in an excellent location, just round the corner from a busy part of Orchard Road. The pool is devine and the grounds are lovely, would have loved more time to enjoy it. We've stayed in a fair number of hotels worldwide and this is the best, defintely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HKbuddy
<Content>The best hotel in Singapore       High Tea  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leuca
<Content>greatest afternoon tea? We stayed at this hotel to cap off a long holiday to Aus  NZ.We were upgraded to the Garden Wing and our room was at ground level at the front but somehow 4 storeys up ar the rear-you could walk down through a garden and cascading waterfall complete with pools full of KOI carp down a walkway to the swimming pool.Nothing is too much trouble. The service is immediate, attentive but not intrusive.We went to the top floor bar which has floor to ceiling glazing and affords a great nightime panorama.very good restaurants as you would expect. A swimming pool in a garden setting-very striking in the centre of a city.Afternoon tea is sublime-don;t have much lunch!It was fifteen pounds -30 dollars but worth every penny. There is a tea list with over a hundred different teas and the buffet as everything ranging from Dim Sum, Sushi to strawberry tartsFabulous -allow yourself at least an hour ---or two perhaps!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Pickles
<Content>Shangri-La Indeed! From start to finish, my short stay at the Shangri-La was an excellent one. No sooner had we walked through the door than we were offered a refreshing glass of sparkling wine whilst we checked in. Check in itself took no time at all and staff were extremely ammenable when it came to our requested room upgrade.Breakfast was superb, with lots of choice, the rooms well appointed and large and the hotel gym and pool were simply stunning.Singapore was a fantastic place, my lasting impression of which will be my stay at this hotel. Thoroughly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gordy2
<Content>Most Enjoyable Stayed 4 nights at the Shangri La on a room only basis on 13th floor in the Tower Wing. Room more than adequate. Reception staff on arrival were efficient, but not particularly welcoming.We stayed 3 nights at the Oriental a week after this and reception staff at the Shangri La could learn a lot from the staff there.Breakfast at the Shangi La good with plenty of choices. Pool staff very nice.Preferred the Oriental for location though as Shangri La is just out of things a bit.Booked both Hotels through Asia Rooms - absolutely no problem and highly recommend them.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>simply the best Simply the most beautiful hotel we've stayed at.the service was impeccable. there really wasnt anythin we could find fault with.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rex-Diver
<Content>3 night stay at this fabulous hotel       View from Pool View Garden Wing balcony  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blusouq
<Content>Pampered in Paradise! My husband and I resided in the Valley Wing of the Shangri La for 4 wonderful nights. I say resided because we were welcomed as if it were our home. From the warm welcome, the staff greeting us by name everytime they saw us to the personalised stationery. Our roomy suite was packed full of goodies and I immediately phoned home to tell the children our bed in the Valley Wing could surely accommodate a family of 6!! The inclusive drinks and canapes in the Valley Wing lobby provided the perfect finishing touch to a busy day of sightseeing and shopping. Yes, the Moet went down very nicely. On our final night we had planned a dinner at Indochine and I was chatting to our Butler before we set out, lamenting the fact that I had not purchased some henna tattoo paint for my daughters when we visited Little India. He said that he would get some for me. When we returned from dinner we found a pack of the Henna from Serangoon Road had been delivered to our room!! Now that is service. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and we appreciated every luxurious moment of our stay. We will return.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly heaven on earth! We stayed at the Shangri-La on the way back to Canada from Australia for 3 nights. We were initially registered for the Garden Wing, however were invited to upgrade to the Valley Wing on arrival, and I am delighted that we did. The additional cost was more than worth it when you consider what was included - complimentary breakfast (choice of restaurants)and free-flowing drinks and snacks in the Valley Wing Lounge. The room was superb, nothing was missed - multiple bath products, bath robes, slippers, etc. And the biggest King-sized bed I have ever seen! We were escorted to our room by a delightful lady who explained everything and welcomed us with complimentary tea. A daily fruit bowl was delivered as well.The service at breakfast was excellent, the food first rate. The free-flow of drinks in the Valley Wing Lounge was just that! Moet  Chandon and a full range of other alcholic and non-alchoholic drinks were readily available and various sandwiches/pastries/canapes and snacks provided. And what can I say about the staff? They are the most gracious, professional, friendly people - delightful and courteous to all and genuinely interested in any conversation held with a guest. A huge thank you to Lawrence, Siu and Khar for making this stay so memorable. Would we return to Shangri-La? In a heartbeat! They made this a trip to remember forever.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BagpussLondon
<Content>Can't praise it highly enough We booked the Shangri-La for a bit of luxury at the end of an extended holiday around the southern hemisphere. However, nothing could have prepared us for the Shangri-La.Like a previous reviewer, we originally booked the Garden wing but were upgraded to the Valley Wing upon arrival. On reflection, the Valley Wing is the only way to go. Complimentary breakfasts, free drinks all day (including chmapgne), own check in desk, fantastic concierge, very friendly wait staff, free internet and newspapers, and a butler on call to run your bath!! The only down side was the elderly pearl women who felt it necessary to look everyone up and down (in a very obvious manner) each time they passed which did annoy after a while.I also urge everyone to make use of the spa facilities. My partner and I have stayed in many top spa destinations but never have we had a massage as good as at the Shangri-La  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Shangri-La Myself  my husband stayed in the Shangri-La in Dec 05 for four nights, on our way to Australia. Over the course of our trip we stayed in many top class hotels, and this was one of the best. Our room (in the Tower wing) was excellent and service in the hotel was fantastic. We had only one complaint. We ate dinner in the hotels chinese restaurant one night, and found that it had no atmosphere and the service was bad.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Glendir
<Content>Excellent My wife and I stayed at the Shangri-La Hotel for 4 nights during our Honeymoon. After hearing good reviews about 5 star hotels in Singapore we had high expectations and the Shangri-La exceeded them. The staff could not have been more helpful and their friendliness was second to none. The food was tremendous and the bar near the top floor (can't remember the exact floor number) was very relaxing with terrific views over Singapore. The hotel is also well placed for the main shopping street of Orchard Road and also for bars, restaurants and everything you could want during a stay.I can't praise this hotel enough and I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>shangri la       great room (sorry about our clutter!)  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A_TravellerAdelaide
<Content>What's the Fuss?? Based on the Number 1 rating of this hotel, I booked it for an extended overnight stay (30+ hours) en route between Australia and Europe. Frankly, the standard was quite ordinary. Yes, the lobby is impressive and yes, like all of Singapore, the staff courteous and efficient and were quite happy to accommodate my early arrival. BUT, the room (in the Garden wing) had certainly seen better days. Little things like stains and chips to furniture, mould in the shower, dead plants in the balcony window boxes etc to more signignificant things like an A/C that struggled to keep things cool, making for an uncomfortable stay. The pool was nice, but crowded during most of the day. For me, the most disappointing thing was the wildly expensive prices charged for 'extras'. My package didn't include breakfast and, although the buffet was excellent, I found a charge of $35 (plus service charge!) for a cup of coffee and a croissant really over the top. Other examples were $80+ for wines that retail in Singapore for around $12, $10 per 15 minutes for (slow) internet access etc etc. In all, I was disappointed, partly, I suppose, because I was expecting something special from a hotel that was rated number 1 by Trip Advisor. I dont think I shall be returning.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Holyoke_Herm
<Content>It was an Experience       largest lobby ever?  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Holliday
<Content>Top Class at the Shangri-La Stayed at the Shangri-La for 4 nights in early December - truly first class. Booked the value rate on their website and this includes return airport transfers. Arrived at the hotel to be found we had been upgraded to the Valley Wing. This was truly first class, everything we could ever want. The room was huge and full of little luxurys, complimentary fresh fruit, bottled water, magazines etc. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, nothing was ever too much trouble.The pool area is great too, very tropical and a huge pool. The complimentary iced water, fresh fruit and cold towels make you feel very important!I will return to the Shangri-La, truly first class, go and enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Girish
<Content>Its truly a 5 Star!       Corridor  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure luxury! We stayed at the Shangri-la from 8-19 November. We stayed with family in the sumptious Valley Wing and were blown away by the extreme luxury of this hotel.We were fortunate to receive complimentary drinks from 10.30am-10.30pm as part of our package and this included unlimited Moet  Chandon, as well as any cocktail you could think of. Little canapes and cakes were served throughout the day too. Staff were exemplary and incredibly attentive, going so far as to learn every guest's name. The hotel itself is huge with a wonderful pool and leisure facilities. The rooms were totally out of this world- massive, beautifully decorated and luxurious fixtures and fittings- we even had a flat screen TV in the bathroom! All in all a fantastic hotel and relatively cheap in comparison to its equivalent in London or New York for example.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holly03
<Content>Valley Wing only Would thoroughly recommend the Valley Wing. Initially booked the Garden Wing but when shown to our room was a bit disappointed as lacks luxury feel and bathrooms dated and unremarkable. The Valley Wing is much more intimate and works out good value as price of breakfast alone is almost half the upgrade cost. Add in afternoon tea and a glass of champagne and you have your moneys worth very easily. The spa  gym could do with an update as neither is particularly impressive in such an Asian environment and to match the current ever greater hedonistic standards in spas.Staff are excellent as many have already mentioned.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Holidayze
<Content>Superb Hotel My family and I have just returned from a trip to Singapore, staying at the Shangri-La for three nights before a cruise and three nights after. We had two horizon club rooms and cannot praise the hotel or the staff enough. Nothing was too much trouble and when we returned after the cruise it was like coming home, and the staff were so pleased to see us. Whilst we were there it was my son's birthday and the staff presented him with a cake and sang to him.By the pool we were regularly serviced with iced water, cold towels and fruit.The restaurants were a little pricy but excellent.If I had any criticism it would be that the canapes in the lounge in the evening were slightly repetitive.Would definitely recommend the hotel and would love to stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel we stayed at during our RTW trip We stayed at the Shangri La during a three day stopover on our way to Australia. The hotel was busy on our arrival and we found out at check in that the room type that we were booked in was not available. We were instead offered a 2 bedroomed suite in the serviced apartments adjacent to the hotel. To compensate for this inconvenience we received free breakfasts throughout our stay. In reality the alternative offered was a major upgrade. As such I can't comment on the main hotel rooms but can say that the service levels were superb throughout our stay and upon finding they they had a problem they made sure that we were looked after properly.The breakfast restaurant service is truly awesome offering an immense variety of dishes. Try this out at least once during your stay you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For what we dream of I am at this moment at the club level of the Shangri-La Hotel in Singapore, glass of St. Veran in hand. This is a magnificent hotel in a fine city. I stayed at the Four Seasons on my way to Colombo, returned through Singapore and chose this hotel for an alternative. Short version, both are truly excellent hotels. Given a choice, both will not disappoint. Am glad that I'm not a travel writer, since there is nothing negative to report on either by which to distinguish. Staff in both go out of their way to be friendly, Shangri-La sent up a courtesy note and complementary tea when they heard that my traveling companion had been injured in Sri Lanka. Four Seasons has a smaller feel, would love an expense account to justify renting a room there for a month. Shangri-La, on the other hand, has a larger 'ready for the world' business style about it. No way one could go wrong with one or the other. May attempt a follow-up posting with photo. Go and enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How quickly can I book for next year I have just returned from 5 nights in Singapore and this is the question I am now asking.I also stayed for 2 nights in the Shangri la in Dudai before returning to the UK.Both are 5 star however the Valley Wing wins hands down for the quality of service and the personal touch. From the moment you arrive at your own check in desk to the personal tour of your room by the staff you know this is somnething special.Never mind the standard of the breakfast, the complimentary canapes, sandwiches, coffee,champagne, the ice cold water and fruit at the pool, the first class rooms etc,etc, for me what sets this hotel apart from others is the service from the butlers, both in the Summit Room for breakfast and in the lounge.Nothing was too much trouble for them and to be welcomed by the staff each day, who all seemed to know your name, made this hotel something special.Its minutes away from Orchard Road and I would recommend a visit to Holland Village and an Italian restaurant, Michael Angelos,15 minute taxi ride(拢4)Excellent steak at very reasonable prices as was Dan Ryans,Tanglin Road,Black Angus,Orchard Road both within walking distance and great for steaks in particular.The Hard Rock Cafe is also close by if you are looking for some live entertainment. I would recommend the Valley Wing to anyone looking for something a bit special.All I need to do now is find the number of my travel agent to book for next year.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jobbo
<Content>Outstanding Singapore Holiday Our family of 4 stayed in the Valley Wing of the Singapore Shangri-la in September 2005. We had booked 2 rooms interconnecting but when we checked in we were upgraded to a suite with a connecting twin room. All I can say is unbeliveable. The rooms have everything you want and more. The staff are very friendly and will do anything for you. We requested toasted sandwiches for breakfast, and they did them no problem. The hotel is only an 8 minute walk from Orchard Road. The pool is fantastic situated amongst beautiful trees with heaps of lounge chairs. Even at night after dinner and a nice walk you can have a dip in the pool with the fountains going. The Line Restaurant is fabulous, especially the chocolate fountain and the seafood. Room service is very prompt but a little expensive. If we ever return to Singapore, and I hope we do, we would not stay anywhere else. Our 2 sons aged 15 and 11 enjoyed themselves especially the butlers who couldnt do enough for them. Special breakfasts and remembering what they liked and what they didnt like. If your pocket stretches and you can afford the Shangri-la, do not hesitate as you will not regret it.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hertfordshiremember
<Content>Superb Hotel This is an excellent Hotel. Everything one would expect from a Five Star Hotel and more; much more.My wife and I stayed at this Hotel for three days in late September, on our return journey from Australia. We stayed in a Valley Wing Room; the facilities included complimentary breakfast with snacks and canapes throughout the day, as well as (unlimited) free drinks including champagne and spirits, from 11 am to 10.30 pm. On this same trip we also stayed at the Shangri-la Hotels in Bangkok, Sydney and Cairns and we found the Singapore Shangri-la a splendid Hotel; all the staff were very helpful, friendly and pleasant.A word of caution: if you stay at this Hotel on your outward journey, any other Five Star Hotel you may stay at subsequently may come as a bit of a disappointment !  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JOHNandAMY
<Content>Takes your breath away We stayed at the Shangri-La for 3 nights as the first part of our honeymoon.As soon as you walk into the hotel it takes your breath away. It is truely amazing. The staff are amazingly friendly, and made us feel very special on our honeymoon, with an upgrade, honeymoon cake and fresh green tea, and roses on the bed.I cannot praise this hotel enough and highly recommend a late night 'Revolt' Champagne cocktail in the hotel's Blu bar overlooking the City. Amazing. If we go back to Singapore I would not consider staying anywhere else, as the hotel has the added advantage of being only a 5 min walk to Orchard Road.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Special care for honeymooners We stayed for 3 nights in Singapore at the end of our honeymoon in Malaysia, and had a comlimentary upgrade to a Garden Wing suite, which was fabulous. Our suite had its own terrace  sun loungers, overlooking the beautiful swimming pool, among the palm trees. As well as fresh fruit, there was a cake with Happy Honeymooners iced on the plate, and rose petals in the shape of a heart on the king size bed. We ordered room service  the food was excellent  service prompt - could not fault it really. Considering how much a five star hotel costs in London, it was wonderful to experience five star treatment for a fraction of the cost back home. We will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic wow what a fantastic hotel, if you want to be treated like royalty then this is the hotel for you, on arrival at the hotel the reception staff were there to welcome you and showed you to reception and then on to your room, after a few moments in the room we were brought a basket of fresh fruit and a basket which contained a pot of herbal tea which was very nice and refreshing. the rooms we had were the deluxe tower room and it was imaculate the view from the room was of the pool and was breath taking. the food thow expensive in the hotel was excellent with every sort of dishes you could imagine. service was very quick and nothing was to much trouble for any member of staff, finally you must try the cocktails in the lounge they were out of this world ( well we were most of the time ). very highly recomended we will be returning again in 2006 but for much longer as there is plenty to see and do  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>freckles
<Content>The best hotel ive stayed at Well what can I say, we arrived at the hotel ( the Valley Wing) at 9pm, was greeted with an orchid, as soon as we told the staff our name, they realised we were on honeymoon and I was given a beautiful bouquet of flowers, we were shown to our room to be checked in and were told about resturant times, etc.. on the way.We had been upgraded to a suite, (paid for by the travel operater as they made a huge mistake on our previous hotel in Koh Samui) the room was fantastic, huge living room, with enough chocolates for a week, and a cake with ''happy honeymooners'' on it, bedroom huge, bed looked lovely with the flowers on it, bathroom great, husband loved the TV in there, double sinks. The suite was clean, with lots of flowers and plants, and nice little touches, eg.. stationary with my husbands name on it, choice of 6 different sorts of pillows, different air-con temps in different rooms, TV in every room, fax in room,The butler was lovely, he spent a long time getting the lap top we requested working as there was a problem with the connection, but he got it working, (laplops are free if in a suite you just pay the connection fee)Laundry service was excellent, I had just had a tattoo done on my lower back and had got ink on the waist of one of my skirts, but it came back like brand new, and the same day, Food was excellent, ate in the buffet (the line?) the first night , fantastic HUGE choice, also ate in ''Blu'' again excellent, the breakfast were superb, which were complimentry in the Valley Wing, as were the drinks and nibbles provided thoughout the day. does nothing for your waistline staying there!!!!The staff were very on the ball, very attentive, smart, pleasant, polite but without any snobbery, loved the guy on the door.we have stayed in some fantastic hotels in the past all round the world, and this one will will visit again, we were only 3 nights, and wish it was longer, Singapore also fantasticJenny  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed at the Shangri-la for 3 nights with my family as a stop over before moving on to Australia. I've travelled to alot of places in the world and, been to many hotels and, this has to be the best yet. When we pulled up to the front door it looked stunning and, walking into the main reception left me speechless for all the right reasons. The staff were really polite and, the service was exellent. We upgraded our room to a superior room in the tower wing and, the view over the city was amazing, probably because we were on the 22nd floor!The pool was lovely and, the food avalible in the restaurants was so delicious im suprised we got to see any of singapore because, the hotel was so magnificent. I never been so in awe with any hotel in my life. I'll definitely go back again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monsterdog
<Content>What an amazing place!!! We stayed in Singapore for 2 nights on our way to Australia last year and I feel compelled to agree with so many others that this hotel was something quite special!We specifically chose it over many other wonderful hotels for its luscious grounds and gardens, something at quite a premium in Singapore!I had booked a room in the Garden wing through their website and breakfast, laundry, airport transfers and free wireless internet access were all included in the price. We were met at the airport and whizzed away in a state of the art new Mercedes and instantly made to feel like royalty! Upon arrival we were taken to a special reception where they did super fast check in and were given a complimentary upgrade to a suite! Not bad we thoughtWell this was our first experience with Asian hospitality and hotel service and we were totally blown away with their friendliness, efficiency, professionalism and kindness. The room and bathroom was fantastic and the view over the gorgeous garden and pool was stunning. The breakfast buffet was the biggest and most incredible spread we had ever seen and quite delicious too! They offer a whole series of courses such as a cookery class, ice sculpting class, yoga etc... The pool was so refreshing as it is a very hot and humid place and was very welcome after a long day of sightseeing.We thouroughly recomend doing the night safari, a visit to Sentosa Island with the cable car, a visit to the aquarioum and afternoon tea at Raffles is a must! And you will have never seen a metro station this clean!!!!All in all, our first encounter with Singapore was super and we were overwhelmed with the Shangri-la  would definitely go back over and over again!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PrestonTraveller
<Content>A bit too posh       City View  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Guruswife
<Content>Valley Wing a must       Room view  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>skyrider007
<Content>Simply Luxurious I've decided to stay at the Shangri-la Singapore due to all the good ratings on this website. And I'm glad I made the right choice! Shangri-la Singapore is an old hotel with charms. I booked for their standard room, Deluxe Tower Wing. Check-in process was professional and efficient. The room is quite adequate in terms of decoration and amenities. It's got ALL that you need but the design lacks cosiness and warmth (that's what I felt). The bahtroom is huge, it has separate shower which is really good. The reason I rated this hotel a four star is becuase the time it takes for Room Service to deliver a bucket of ice cubes is over 20 minutes! And it didn't happen only once, I ordered twice and both took over 20 minutes to deliver! The location is not actually a walking-distance to Orchard Road but the hotel provides free shuttle bus to malls on Orchard Road every hour. Too bad the service runs only till 8pm. In conclusion, I love this hotel. Even though there are newer and more modern hotels like The Fullerton and Ritz Carlton or Conrad, the Shangri-la Singapore lives up to my expectations. I will surely return to the Shangri-la again on my next trip to Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gillp299
<Content>Fabulous hotel The Shangri-La is a fabulous hotel. We stayed for 3 nights over Easter as a stop over on the way to Bali.Upon arrival, we were offered an upgrade (from a standard tower wing room) to the garden wing for 拢60 (approx) which included breakfast and late check out. Considering breakfast actually cost 拢16 per person, I saved money.The garden wing is beautiful, complete with waterfalls, ponds and exotic plants. The room was very spacious, even with an extra bed for a child. Some rooms look out onto the pool/garden area and others onto the main road/hotel entrance, although they are the same price. The bathroom was lovely, with seperate walk-in shower.There is a choice of restaurants, we tried the Cheng Palace, which was nice, it cost around 拢65 for two for a set meal. Lots of other guests recommended The Line for dinner, which is a new pool side restaurant.The bar on the 24th floor offers great views of the city with floor to ceiling windows- a Singapore Sling cost around 拢7.50 and a glass of bear- 1/2 pint 拢5.50 (same as other bars throughout the hotel).The pool area is beautiful, complete with children's section and a hot tub. The drinks service is very good, with free iced water provided, along with cold cloths and fresh fruit. Reflexology is also available beside the pool. The location of the hotel is just off Orchard Road, it is too far too walk, but taxis' are available and there is a free shuttle bus. There is also a free shuttle bus to the Shangri-La property on Sentosa Island (I have posted a review of this hotel).Breakfast: Garden wing guests dine at The Line, it is the best breakfast we have ever had at a hotel. It includes everything from steak, chops and kebabs to made to order ommelettes and pancakes. The surroundings are fantastic, very modern, with the kitchens behind a glass wall.Smokers: Smoking is allowed in part of the lobby area and the bar on the 24th floor.They really do change the carpet every day in the lifts- different days of the week!Overall, this is a fantastic place to stay, the garden wing is highly recommended. We will definately return.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>viking
<Content>The High life       Chinese Cockerel for the New Year made from 600 kg butter  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koala
<Content>felt at home We have stayed here in February for 2 nights, Valley Wing Suite. We made our reservations on the shangri-la website and it was confirmed, we had a bookingsnumber, but at arrival at the airport there was not the limousine tranfer as agreed. A man who was waiting for an other guest to arrive called the hotel and asked them what was wrong with our reservation. It never came trough to the hotel. Why not ? I don't know. but lucky for us they still had availability. limotransfer was arranged in a few minutes by very helpful staff at the airport. At arrival at the hotel a very warm welcome by the receptionstaff. Got a nice orchid-flower and at arrival in our suite there was hot tea. there was butler-service to help you unpack your luggage. After a few minutes in our suite a butler showed up with a very nice bottle of red wine.Suite was a one bedroomsuite, one living room and a very nice bathroom. Even in the bathroom there was a television! Also a large plasma tv in the living room as well as a nice tv in the bedroom. Very clean rooms. In the champagneba complimentary drinks, coffee, tea, champagne and cocktails from 11am to 11 pm. Very good hot canap茅's from 5-7 pm and high tea in the afternoon with the most delicious chocolates, scones, sandwiches etc. We had planned a diner at the Blu-restaurant but unfortunately the restaurant was closed on sunday's. Some renovations were going on but never disturbing. They built a new restaurant. From what we have seen from it it was very promissing.Only little thing that was disturbing that you have to share the swimmingpool with guest from tower and gardenwing. In total over a 700 rooms so you can understand that it was always busy at the poolside area. And we noticed that some guests their 'sunbeds' were reserved by poolstaff. I think they gave big tips. Some people's sunbeds were occupied for hours and the guests only showed up for half an hour. And we found that for the privacy of the Valley Wing guests there should be a private pool. Especcialy because there are some celebrities, royals etc at this wing.Very nice spa-treatment, although not cheap. had an scrub, massage, bath, facial, pedicure for around USD 290,00. But the best massage ever by Michelle.Breakfast a la carte and buffet complimentary. Very good. Very nice Eggs Benedict!We will certainly recommend this hotel and will be back when we are in Singapore !  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PickyCat
<Content>Nice, but not perfect I spent 3 nights here in early December 2004.I stayed in a standard room in the tower wing. The room is a bit smaller, compared to the other 5-start hotels. The room itself is ok. The bathroom is a bit old, but still ok. My major problem was with the noise at night - there is a door connecting the adjacent room (terrible design), such that I could hear my neighbor talking or watching TV. The view from the room is great, overlooking the forest in front of the hotel. I had no problem using broad band connection in the room, as opposed to what was mentioned in the previous review. The nice full-breakfast was included in my corporate-price room charge. I have to say the corporate price is very cheap, with the breakfast included. I had breakfast in the Shang Palace and Rose Veranda. I would recommend the latter, as it's much more charming. I had dinner buffet at basement of Garden wing, as it was recommended by a local, but I was disappointed. I expectedbetter and fresher seafood. The garden is pretty impressive, as mentioned by the previous reviews.In spite of its proximity to Scott Road, it's still a little far away for walking (I never tried). Calling a taxi may be a better option, as it's pretty convenient to call a taxi here.In conclusion, things are nice, but make sure that your room doesn't have a door leading to the adjacent room. If your room does, pray for that your neightbor follows your schedule.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>quality service makes the difference In January 2005, I had two short stays in this place that I would describe as close to heaven on earth. Both stays were in the Tower wing on the club floors, giving you not only an excellent view (the view on the 24th breakfast floor is superb) but also spacious quality rooms and great support from the club floor team. The Shangri-La delivers great opprtunities for relaxation while located close to busy Orchard Road. Once you have staid here, you will -as a business traveller- not loose time anymore while planning your next visit to Singapore; you'll just book the Shangri-La again, and again and again. The only comment I would have -recognising that some might have a different opinion on this- is that the Club lounge is fully non-smoking; there is plenty of room to organise a corner for people who enjoy smoking. And for the late evening hours don't forget : go to the Blue bar again and again and again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yellabrick
<Content>Service with a trademark Singaporean smile       The view of the tropical pool area from our room at the Shangri-La  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really quite bad My wife and I stayed at a suite in the Garden Wing from the 26th December to the 2nd of January. We paid an ungodly amount given the timing. I visit Singapore 6 to 8 times a year and have stayed at several other hotels here (primarily the Hyatt and the Ritz Carlton). This is the first time I stayed at this hotel; the primary reason is that we decided to come to Singapore at the last minute and wanted a suite, and the Hyatt and Ritz were full. But we were very much looking forward to it as one of our friends in Singapore recommended the hotel highly.The summary is that the hotel is terrible. My wife and I will never stay at a Shangri-La again. A sampling of the issues: The Room: The shower stall was musty and smelly. The wood on the various room doors was chipping; and the knobs appeared not to have been polished for at least a decade. Something as basic as morning newspaper delivery was omitted every morning until begged for. The Spa: The spa has attendants who appear to be generally clueless as to what a 鈥渟pa鈥?ambience is like. On a related note: the spa doesn鈥檛 give bathrobes for guests to wear while they鈥檙e in the spa?! The Ambience: It鈥檚 the week between Christmas and New Years. Peak season. Very few rooms to be found anywhere. For that *one* week, they couldn鈥檛 stop construction work? Ok, so perhaps they couldn鈥檛. But perhaps the massive daily hammering of nails *right* outside the suites could be stopped? The Technology: In most hotels in the world, broadband access is now simply a matter of plugging a wire in. Not in this hotel. *Every* day of our stay, we had the same issue. Every day, my wife or I called the front desk with the *same* issue; every day, the person didn't have a clue even though I presume hundreds of guests have the same problem; every day it took brain surgery to get connected.This is just a sampling; the hotel in general is very run down. Now there is absolutely a price at which some of this becomes acceptable; I do not expect to be in the lap of luxury when I check into an airport hilton. But at this price, for this room, this was just appalling. Never again.FYI, I complained while i was there, and pretty much nothing was done to respond in any useful fashion. i was offered a room in the other wing, but upon deciding to take it, it turned out it wasn't available. For the kind of blistering view i had, i would have assumed the general manager would have shown up; i guess this is beneath his attention. i think the management of this hotel and this company needs to get remedial customer service training.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doctor_X
<Content>A wonderful treat       view from our other bedroom window  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WintTrav
<Content>Not as fantastic as expected   showReview(2981921, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marina999uk
<Content>Unsurpassed Service - These Rave Reviews are Earned   showReview(2978051, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nigel69
<Content>Shangri-La - SUPERB   showReview(2898406, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Comparsita
<Content>Valley Wing - a hotel within a hotel   showReview(2832144, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marcnshirl
<Content>Dont have a massage   showReview(2772264, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PauloAmore
<Content>Perfecto   showReview(2618517, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MARK069
<Content>Couldn't fault it!   showReview(2323038, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Couldn't Fault This Hotel   showReview(2303463, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hotel should be   showReview(2287035, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fi95
<Content>Beautiful Hotel   showReview(2269001, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閬╁害銇尽鏍笺仹璞彲銇梾銈?#x201d;   showReview(22856014, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>padawhan
<Content>un formidable reve       chambre de la valley wing  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vpl
<Content>Un servico perfecto, un hotel genial   showReview(20950523, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銇屾皸銇仾銈娿伨銇椼仧   showReview(19899182, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	2	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉涖儐銉儵銈ゃ儠锛?#x201d;   showReview(19172891, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Werde zu 90 Prozent in Zukunft in Singapore wieder ins Shangri-La   showReview(15572114, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ginkgo1230
<Content>traumhaft   showReview(15186767, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckygo
<Content>Perfekter Service   showReview(14905055, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銇洰銇銇嶅眾銇勩仧銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168939, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu decevant   showReview(13983280, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DHor
<Content>Shangri-la un gage de qualit茅   showReview(12701648, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴€傘仹銈傝卜銇勭墿銇伅涓嶄究銇嬨倐銉汇兓銆?#x201d;   showReview(19166563, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嶃倢銇勩仹銇椼仧   showReview(19165096, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon etablissement mais un peu excentr茅   showReview(11311584, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐔熷勾鍚戙亶   showReview(19160647, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai avec plaisir lors de mon prochain s茅jour   showReview(11341712, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉?#x201d;   showReview(19158039, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇汇倱銇ㄣ€€銈儍銉堛儧銉笺儬   showReview(19157899, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€瀹舵棌鏃呰銇у娉娿仐銇?..   showReview(19928296, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>褰撴檪銉炪儸銉煎崐宄躲倰璨т箯...   showReview(19927041, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇歌銇忋伄銇伅澶氬皯...   showReview(19926866, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷婊炲湪涓伀...   showReview(19923313, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儯銉炽偘銉儵銇偡銉炽偓...   showReview(19922896, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绶戙亴銇ㄣ仸銈傝眾銇嬨仾鏁峰湴...   showReview(19920882, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔銉兗銉夈亱...   showReview(19918352, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢瀹舵棌鏃呰銇э紤瀹?..   showReview(19917923, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐭ヤ汉銇祼濠氬紡銇細鍫淬仺...   showReview(19917865, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚嶃仩銇熴倠銉涖儐銉亴闆嗐伨...   showReview(19916949, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

