<Author>09traveler
<Content>Hated this Hotel Booked a standard twin room through Expedia. Had a view of a dungeon, literally four walls with a view of nothing and no air coming through to clear the stench. Will post pictures later. I was told that I had an upgraded room. I would never stay here again. The staff was extremely rude, I tried numerous time to change to an alternate room but was told I would have to pay 50 euros to upgrade. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I also visited Barcelona (Hotel Jazz), Paris (Westin Paris) and Venice (Star Splendid Venice) during my trip and had a wonderful time - Would recommend all of the other hotels during my stay, especially the one in Venice. I am posting my review through tripbadvisor since I did not get a request through expedia to post my review, may be because they knew I was very dissatisfied. Florence is a very small place, I am sure one could find a good hotel close to the main sites without getting stuck in this tourist trap of a hotel. This hotel is CRAP for a 5 star- dust on the floors, moldy bathroom, rude staff.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nes1745
<Content>Nice hotel, good location It is a nice hotel, we had a very nice deluxe room. Internet worked in the room. Breakfast was simple but enough. Employees are nice and friendly. Room was clean. Excellent location.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>avicenas
<Content>The room with the view of the wall, Part II This was my second stay at the Pierre. First time was almost 5 years ago. I liked the hotel location and that it was relatively modern and clean. Last time I visited as a single person and I was placed in a room whose only window was facing a wall no more than 1 meter away, therefore almost no sunlight.This second time around while joking with my wife about my previous stay, I discovered that once again I received one of the rooms facing a wall!!Other than that, the hotel staff was great, room was clean and quite spacious. Breakfast is the standard continental one, but espressos and capuccinos were included, which is not always the case.On the minus side, Internet access was only via a cable and very expensive. I really see no reason for not providing free internet.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>josefe79
<Content>Great location, good hotel I stayed at hotel Pierre in Florence at the end of November. I had a very good stay: the hotel is very well located, room and bathroom are well sized, good breakfast. Probably a bit overpriced but definitely to suggest it  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>AntoineAmelie
<Content>Very fine hotel **** in the centre of Florence Hello,We booked our room directly from the hotel. Booking was easy and we got a special price 200 euros/night with breakfast and tax included.The hotel is between Piazza del Duomo and Ponte Vecchio, very near the post office but it was very hard to find because of those very small streets with no car allowed.We had reserved a garage (28 euros/day) and left the car to the hotel.The staff is really fine. We went to the opera 'Auditorium del duomo' in Laurus hotel and 'The traviata' was marvellous.Our room 404, matrimoniale room, at the 4th floor was beautiful but very small. It was very hot in the room even when we stopped the heating.Breakfast before 10:30 AM is not so good, not a 4 stars hotel's breakfast, but if you want a good breakfast, you just need to pay some euros for an orange juice, 2 eggs or an omelette.We prebooked to visit the Uffizi museum at 12:30 and we did not wait at all.Everything was great.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montrealer1110
<Content>Pleasant Pierre Stayed 3 nights in Sept 08. Certainly didn't expect this type of hotel when we booked. What we got was a large room which was almost newly redone. Location was excellent, a 2 minute walk from the ponte Vecchio. Service was outstanding throughout our stay. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and will certainly be back .  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>davem347
<Content>Only The Pierre I have been to Florence before but this was my first time at The Pierre. Now I will stay only at The Pierre. I usually lean toward Intercontinentals and Westins but as other reviewers have mentioned this location can't be beat - and it has the feel of a luxury boutique hotel. Florence is a very walkable city and this location makes it very easy to see the sights in all directions. Room was clean, spacious, and quiet ( although rooms facing the street may not be as quiet ). Air Conditioning was efficient and in August this was VERY important ! Breakfast was included and was well suited to American tastes with a nice little buffet and cook to order eggs. Staff was always responsive - they even reached to give me my room key as soon as they saw me come through the front door.Check rates on different web sites including the hotel's own web site. I saw some differences.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BurtonsCurtains
<Content>Great location The Hotel Pierre in Florence is great. It's a 4 star I think, and lived up to what I expect from a 4 star hotel. I thought the price was ok too, considering Florence is fairly expensive, as it's an in-demand tourist destination. The location is perfect - everything we wanted to see in Florence, we walked to from there. And I had a bad back and my mum a bad hip at the time. The ponte vecchio, uffizi, duomo etc are all probably less than 5 mins walk away. Designer shop heaven is even closer. There is also a fairly nice restaurant right over the road, open til about 11.30pm.The room was spacious (we had a superior, they also do standard and deluxe, but we checked them out and not much difference, just a few square feet either way), clean and comfortable. There was also hot water and no drainy smell, which is what I had read about other hotels, in travellers' reviews. Staff are nice and helpful, speak good english. The view from the room was rubbish - a wall, but this is very similar with lots of hotels in Florence. It's built up and street views can be noisy, so this was better, on reflection. The continental breakfast was ok, not amazing, but better than a lot I had read about before travelling. I would definitely stay there again (and I usually go 5 star, so that's good).  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovestotravel98
<Content>Wonderful hotel!! We recently returned from a wonderful two week vacation in Italy. We stayed at the Hotel Pierre for three nights at the end of August. It is located close to the Ponte Vecchio and within walking distance to many good tourist attractions. The hotel was wonderful. Our room was large with a comfortable bed. We requested a quiet room which met our needs entirely. The staff were always helpful. friendly with a good sense of humour. Breakfast, including scrambled eggs, was fresh, tasty and plentiful. Could not have asked for a better place. We understand The Pierre is part of a chain and we and our friends agree we would look into other hotels in the chain at different locations in the future. Excellent!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The-Stewarts17
<Content>Wonderful location... We have just spent three nights in Florence at the Hotel Pierre and it has been exceptional. We had two superior rooms for our family of four adults. The twin room was spacious but had no view. (The window opened onto a small shaft of concrete!) This didn't concern us as we were there to experience Florence and not hang out of a window, we could still hear the marvellous bells. Our double room had a view to the front and with the windows ajar we could listen to the hustle and bustle and those incredible bells! Most importantly the rooms were clean and the beds comfortable with all the facilities we expect. Breakfast is basic buffet but presented beautifully, fresh and clean.What really made the hotel exceptional are the staff. Absolutely nothing is too much trouble. Museum reservations, airport transfers or day trips. During our stay we met a lovely lady at the desk who was always smiling and helped arrange our days to make the most of everything, everyone greeted us as if we had stayed for weeks not days! Location of The Hotel Pierre is simply perfect. No distance from any major monument or museum. We had a 77 year old in our party who missed nothing because the hotel is so central that nowhere was too far...Please try to eat at the Restaurant opposite, Ristorante La Posta. No one will be disappointed...  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NJBrit
<Content>Ok I stayed here for 4 nights in April. The hotel was very clean. The room was very dark, with a window opening to a wall (it looked like the otherside ot the lift shaft) the room was clean. Breakfast was not worth getting up for, it was bread barley toasted, with weak tea. Cereal and cake. For the price of the hotel it wasn't really worth the money.The location of the hotel is terrific for all the sights like Ponte Vecchio Duomo and the square.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Rocsta
<Content>loved the central location and boutique style I stayed in this hotel with my fiance in October 2007 and had a fantastic time! The staff were very helpful and polite. The location is very central close to all the shops, galleries and museums. The rooms are a decent size and tastefully decorated. The breakfast is a basic continental and for some reason the coffee always seemed to be lukewarm. Besides this small gripe we would recommend this Hotel to anyone staying in Florence and would definately go there again.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NottinghamPolly
<Content>Great location but noisy Right in the heart of Florence a few minutes from all the main attractions. Nice rooms, bathrooms small but clean. Staff excellant, breakfast good. Noisy at night until the early hours with people passing shouting, singing etc. As soon as they shut up the street cleaning machines started and when they finally drove away ( how many times can one street be cleaned??) the building work at the propety next door to the hotel and across the road started! Windows have shutters but this does not stop the noise from getting in to the rooms at the front of the building so sleeping is not easy.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>harry0690
<Content>Quite nice hotel in a great city This is a nice hotel. Our rooms were large, bathrooms fine, staff nice and helpful, corridors a bit bizarre - two buildings joined, so strange doors to open and lock every time you left room. Breakfast best eaten elsewhere. But the big point is the location. It's near everything and everything you want or need is just a walk away.So having agreed that the hotel is adequate, let's deal with the really important thing - enjoying Florence!A few suggestions to take or leave. Eat at Il Latini - 6 via dei Palchetti, Trattoria 4 Leoni - 1 via dei Vellutini. Both welcoming and seriously good food and wine. Have lunch at the Yellow Bar - 39 via Proconsolo - good fun, pizza and other dishes, informal.Buy a hat from Borsalino - via della Vigna Nuova (round corner from hotel). Buy a tie from Piero Puliti - 51 via del Corso. Look at bags at Bisonte - via Rapine (?). Get a bus or taxi to Fiesole for lunch, go for a walk and look back over Florence. Terrific.One caution. If you have a room at the back of the hotel, there are markets across the road which set up around 6 am. They'll wake you up, so you might want to ask for a front or side room.Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>asn82
<Content>Great Hotel in heart of Florence. excellent location ,very comfortable rooms ,marvellous customer service ,very friendly staff. Buffet breakfast was good enough though they could improve on so called scrambled eggs,  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>ManniSR
<Content>Disappointed with the Hotel Pierre My wife and I arrived here on the third leg of our honeymoon after spending a week and a half in Hawaii. I booked a Deluxe Double Room, and was disappointed upon seeing the room. It was bare and uninviting, the bathroom was small and cramped, and the bed was very firm and uncomfortable to sleep on. The buffet breakfast was beyond pathetic, and my wife and I didn't once bother eating at the Hotel. The staff were relatively friendly, though on check out they charged me more than they should have though I didn't pick up on this until I arrived back in the UK. The best thing about this hotel is the location, and in all honesty, that's probably its only saving grace, but Florence is so small that booking a hotel in the centre isn't a necessity...  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Eugene_Gi_doc
<Content>Nice little hotel in middle of Florence Small boutique hotel in great location in middle of all the major attractions in Florence. Don't need to walk far from this hotel location to visit like Ufizie museum, Dorce, etc. Map this location relative to the attractions on Yahoo map to see what I mean. Room is quiet, no mechanical noises or street sound since I got room in back of hotel. OK, here are the down side: Tiny room with no view and small plain bathroom, a bit stiff price of 230 euros for Best Western type of hotel. Breakfast selection is lousy, but the staff are pleasant and polite. Nearby restaurant like Il Corpiscono within 4 min walking distance is great. It is right next to the Lorenzo church. We ate there 2 nites in a row. Service is excellent and food very good for the price. Special of the day was half a lobster on bed of linguine for only 18 euros and glass of wine 6 euros. No automatic gratuity like other places. The owner Franco's daughter is a real looker too. Went there based on advise from trip advisor travelers and was not disappointed. Mamma Gina was recommended but closed, it's tiny and did not seem as nice as Corpiscono anyway.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travlinandyjr
<Content>Had a Good Time at the Hotel Pierre This hotel is pretty darn good. It is simple yet above average. The staff is very nice and always willing to help. The breakfast staff was friendly and quick to get anything for you. Don't eat the eggs. They are pretty bad. (powdered eggs) The breads, cereals, yogurts, fruits, coffee and juices are good. The rooms are of a decent size. The floors are wood and not carpeted. Make sure you close the windows or at least the blinds at night. There is a little mosquito problem in Florence and there is nothing those little guys like more then some foreign blood. There was no internet service. When the rains came, the hotel was quick to provide umbrellas for the guests. USA Today available int he lobby. THE LOCATION COULD NOT BE BETTER. You are 1 block from the Piazza de la Repubblica. About three blocks to the Duomo and three blocks the other way to the Uffizi and Ponte Vechio. Everything is close. The hotel is also on a small side street that keeps noise down at night. I would definatley reccommend this place. Hotel Pierre did a great job.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>mariaandsteve
<Content>Excellent stay at The Hotel Pierre We enjoyed a three night stay at The Hotel Pierre during late August. The Hotel was ideally situated being very close to many attractions. It deserved it's 4 Star rating and was spotlessly clean. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. Despite being centrally located, it was quiet and the very effective air conditioning proved an important requirement due to the very hot weather!! The buffet breakfast was very good and was included in the cost of our stay which was in a spacious, superior double room on the fifth floor.(We managed to obtain a 3 nights for 2 deal on this room so it was not overly expensive!) Although the Hotel did not offer a restaurant service during the evening there were plenty of restaurants nearby. ( We would recommend PAOLI, the Antico Ristorante, Via Tavolina where the food and service was excellent) We would definately recommend a stay at this excellent Hotel - we certainly hope to return in the future!From 2 very satisfied visitors from England!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jacquelineNewYork
<Content>Love the Hotel Pierre The Hotel Pierre is worth every cent. It is centrally located. They only need to work on their cappuccino making skills for breakfast. But, then again, you are in Firenze, you can go out and get a cappuccino on your own! I loved the staff, the concierge was so helpful. I wanted to see an opera and they helped me buy tickets, helped get me a taxi and I was on my way! It was awesome. There is an elevator to this hotel and they have the best blast of air conditioning you can imagine. I stayed here alone for two weeks and then was joined by a family member, they moved me to a larger room and didn't even blink an eye! They were warm, friendly and kind and quite efficient. I missed the desk folks when I checked out because of their friendliness. As a single woman traveler, I felt safe and comfortable. I loved this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChoosyTravelers
<Content>Amazing Location, Bad breakfast As many others have written the location of the hotel is truly amazing. It is in the heart of Florence no further than a 5 minute walk to the Duomo and Uffizi as well as the Ponte Vecchio. Spent 2 nights there in connecting rooms for a family of 4. The rooms were spacious and well airconditioned. Bathrooms very nice although as others have noted small showers. . . Make sure to reserve tickets to the Uffizi and the Accademia before you go . . . there are many services that charge high fees, but make sure that you book thru the central booking service as their fees were nominal. Take the audio tour at the Uffizi.Breakfast was the worst of 4 hotels that we stayed at in Italy -- it shouldn't be that hard to serve a solid continental breakfast with good breads, fresh fruit and accompaniments, but the Hotel Pierre hasn't figured that out yet. Stay at the hotel, but find a delicious patisserie to start your day.Dinner recommendation, which I hate to share, but it's really that good -- Il Quattro Leoni -- ate their both nights. Service and food excellent. Go after 8:30 and it's a good mix of both tourists and locals. You might be waiting for a table outside for a long time if you don't reserve ahead of time.Il Santo Bevitore also had great menu, but probably not a great restaurant for those travelling with kids.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>prospero1b
<Content>Best Location in Town Spent four nights at the Pierre on holiday with family.This hotel has probably the best location of any quality hotel in Florence; it is bang in the centre of the action, a two minute walk from the Piazza della Signoria and the Uffizi, surrounded by restaurants and very close to world-class shopping.It is a small hotel, very clean and well decorated. We had a deluxe room, with a view over the street, which is virtually pedestrianised. Furniture was uncluttered and tasteful. Bathroom very good quality, with marble and chrome fittings, towelling bathrobes and slippers. The staff are friendly without being over-familiar, very happy to help with any request. There is no restaurant, which is not a problem, because there are dozens of superb restaurants within easy walking distance. There is a pleasant breakfast room, serving a decent continental breakfast.A couple of comments on earlier reports: first, there most certainly is air conditioning in the bedrooms. We stayed in a heatwave and the bedroom was beautifully cool.Secondly, there will of course be some street noise. This is, after all, the centre of a major European tourist city. However, this is not intrusive, particularly if you close the heavy wooden shutters, which exclude most of the street noise at night.This hotel cannot be beaten in Florence. Its location alone makes it special, but there is more to it than that. I have given it a 5 rating, because it is outstanding in its category and excellent value. I will certainly stay here again next time I am in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bay_Area_Traveler62
<Content>Good Location, Nice Place I stayed at the Hotel Pierre June 26-30 with 8 others in my group. Overall this is a clean, comfortable hotel located close to the Uffizi, Duomo, Ponte Vecchio (all that you came to see in Florence). Only a 10 minute walk to the train station. Shopping galore (mainly expensive, except for marketplace area), many places to eat. Try ZaZa's for a fun  festive dining experience. Gelato is easily found all around the hotel. The lobby and little corner bar area are nice, clean, inviting. The front desk is somewhat helpful, but sometimes appear too busy to help you. We had no hot water our last morning. Other than that, the rooms were very clean, great beds, lovely thick towels, pretty marble bathroom. As others have noted, the shower stall IS small, so beware. No tub, but there is a bidet. Only English speaking station on the tv is CNN (fyi). The breakfast downstairs is served in a lovely room with nicely set tables and dishes, but the food is mediocre. The melon and pineapple were the best things. Pastry was below average (although kept in a warming bin - why bother?), powdered eggs and little hot dog sausages were not very good at all. Dry melba toast (cracker) is served in a package, and there is yogurt, cereals, salame, cheese, etc. An ok breakfast. Tons of jam, honey and nutella, but nothing to really spread it on but dry rolls. Our rooms were quiet, well kept, comfy. As I said, super walking location to all attractions, clean, pleasant. I'd give it a solid 3.5 stars out of 5.0 stars.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>TrnrMom
<Content>An OK Hotel that has a good location The good: large rooms, excellent location, clean, well decorated. We didn't have a noise problem from the street but with the plumbing andnoise from the floor above.The irritating: service fee for booking reservations which they don't inform you of in advance. I e-mailed just to inquire if they could make the reservations to the Accademia and the next thing I knew, we had reservations that we could cancel but they would charge us 鈧? per person anyway. Staff was not particularly helpful or friendly and there always seemed to be people milling around who didn't seem to have a job to do. I agree that Il Porcellana recommended by the bartender was probably one of the more mediocre meals we had in Italy - priced a bit on the higher side also. They did make a restaurant reservation for no charge.Small (2x2) shower stall, no tubs in roomy bathroom.Vacuum hose style hair dryer, that would only work for 10 minutes before shutting off. Before then, it would get so hot that you had to wrap a towel around it to hold it.No view out window, except for a brick wall; outside the window shutter did not completely block out the light.Hotel is not 200m from station nor 5 minute walk. It was more like 1/3 mile and took 15 minutes over cobblestones to get there. 鈧?0 by taxi which we took when we left.The breakfast: Powdered eggs, small sausages, canned juices, coffees,breads, fruit (cantelope  pineapple), breads, cheeses, meats, cereals. Fruit in fruit bowl seemed to have been there a long time - not appetizing.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Elixa
<Content>Good but not great I desperatly want to write a good review of this hotel but I just can't.It did have some great points: fantastic location, right in the heart of the city, clean hotel, great service, breakfast was good as well but having people walk in the street outside the hotel screaming at 2am tends to put you off the hotel.A great hotel if you want to be a part of the action, but if you want to make the most of your time in Florence you need a good sleep and you're just not going to get it here.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>bctravel07
<Content>Loved it! Location location location! Cant beat it! Centrally located by the Ufizzi, the Duomo, Ponte Vechio is a short walk. Great shopping just one-two blocks away in each direction. We were greeted by a warm and friendly staff, Lucia is WONDERFUL! Rooms were very clean, air-conditioned (ours worked), bathrooms great size for Europe, and breakfast offered a great variety (fruit, yogurt, cereal, breads, cheeses, lunch meats  eggs-albeit powdered eggs). I would highly recommend it and is worth the price. You really can't beat this location  cleanliness of the rooms. Only 2 somewhat NEGATIVE comments: noise  internet service. First, it gets a little noisy at night (I was still able to sleep), but its somewhat expected given the fact you are in the heart of Florence. Also, the internet connection was not great, however at the cost of 20 euro for 24 anytime hours, it was certainly worth it.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rz83447
<Content>Location, Location, Location!!! What a great location! My mother and I stayed at the Hotel Pierre in December as part of a working trip for me. It was right in the middle of everything, in an easy walking distance to everything. The Ufizzi, the Duomo, Ponte Vechio, great restaurants, really everything. When we got in we had just arrived from a flight from the US, then the train ride, we were exhausted and hungry and Lucia was an angel. She actually walked us to two nearby restaurants and talked to the people there to have them help us a little before their normal serving time, so, we could get to bed. She also booked us with the best tour guide at the Ufizzi gallery as we had forgotten that the weekend we were there was a bank holiday and was quite crowded. We were worried a bit as the first stop on our tour had no line whatsoever, but, it worked out great, and we just had an absolutely fabulous weekend. They really were all about customer service and soooo friendly. It could have been an act, but, really seemed sincere. Where in America will someone walk you anywhere to do you a favor? Not too many places!The rooms were bigger than others I've had in Italy with a spacious bathroom and in the inside, very quiet and pleasant. In addition, when we called for our American coffee in the mornings it was there in less than 5 minutes. A great start to our days. The breakfast was ok, the typical Italian hotel staples, yogurt, granola, cappucino, but, a fine start nonetheless. The streets were all decorated for Christmas and lit up at night, it was quite something, a memory forever. Thanks Hotel Pierre!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jwjw57
<Content>loved the hotel Can you say great location!!!! The hotel was located right in the middle of everything. The rooms were huge by Europe standards. The bathroom was even bigger. Nice amenities for the price. Hotel staff was terrific. They went out of their way to make sure we were happy and booked some extra tours for us no problem. Breakfastm was a little weak but everything else more than made up for it. I will reccomend this hotel to anyone going to Florence  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>StRoamer
<Content>Best location in Florence We stayed at Pierre for 2 nights during our 12 day trip to Italy in January. We arrived via train and was pleasantly surprised to find hotel is only 5 min from the station. We were even more pleased when we found that everthing else was equally close. Given that we only had 2 days in Florence, it was an ideal place to stay to see all of major spots in the city.(Uffizi, Duomo, Santa Croce, Ponte Vecchio, Accademia, Piazza Replublica, San Lorenzo market) Not to mention all the restaurants and shops near by. Hotel itself was also to our liking. Pretty good size room for Italy standard and the bathroom was definately bigger than average with double sinks and shower with tub. Breakfast was good and sevice was excellent. I have nothing bad to say about this place except that I wish we could've stayed a little longer.Benissimo, Hotel Pierre!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>freq_traveler001
<Content>the good and the bad First the good:excellent locationbest bed of our trip to Europe (of course most hotels in Europe have sagging old mattresses that would have been thrown out in the US 20 years ago)The bad:Don't believe the claim that they have Air Conditioning.Our room was excessively hot and there was no A/C.We opened the window and were bitten by hoardesof mosquitos (yes Florence is full of mosquitos inOctober). The breakfast room was sweltering and thefood was below the lowest Italian standards (powderedeggs in Italy - come on).The double glazed windows do not stop the excessivestreet noise. People yelling in the street, cars speedingoff at 1AM, 2AM, 3AM, 4AM. Then at 5AM they startpicking up the trash, bang bang... Get some sleep,get a room in the back. We moved our room - glad we did.But our second room did not have A/C either.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>europetripper
<Content>The Perfect Choice We just returned from a wonderful stay at the Hotel Pierre. It is in a wonderful location in the old part of Florence, just a few blocks from everything you want to see, from the Ponte Vecchio, to the Duomo, to the Basilica di San Lorenzo and the Uffizi gallery. We walked everywhere. The entire staff at this hotel was warm, friendly and most accommodating. Breakfast, which was included, was just what we needed to start our day. Our rooms, decorated in antiques were large with hardwood floors and the bathrooms spacious. Even though the hotel is in the center of things, it is on a side street, so our nights were very quiet. I had done quite a lot of research and it paid off. This is a wonderful hotel. My husband, my 12 year-old daughter, neighbors and their 13 year-old daughter, my sister and I were all very happy with our stay.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarinaMama
<Content>Best location for first-time visitor to Florence We chose the Hotel Pierre for our December visit based on a recommendation from another forum and the hotel's superior location. We were not disappointed. The hotel is between the Ufizzi Gallery (and Ponte Vecchio) and the Duomo, and a short walk to the Accademia to see The David. From the train station it's a ten-minute walk. We walked everywhere--never needed a bus or taxi. There are good restaurants nearby and an Internet Train, and plenty of shopping in the piazzas. There's a travel agency right next door where we got tickets for our Eurostar trip to Rome.The rooms are very spacious and well-lit, with beautiful marble bathrooms. Each room has a lttle round table and two chairs in addition to the desk. Our rooms were on the inside of the building, away from the street, and very quiet. The breakfast was very nice, with a variety of fresh fruit, yogurt, pastries, etc. and even scrambled eggs. The cappucinos were excellent too. The staff were helpful and friendly, especially Lucia at the front desk.I would choose the Hotel Pierre again and I highly recommend it for first-time visitors to Florence, or for anyone who wants a great value in a high-quality, centrally-located hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>d.stokes
<Content>Hotel Piere I highly recommend this small centrally located hotel in Florence (just north of the Ponte Vecchio). The room was very clean, of a decent size (as was the en-suite bathroom) and staff were extremely friendly. There is no restaurant in the hotel but no shortage of good restaurants within a few minutes walking distance; the Osteria del Porcellino (on Mercato del Porcellino) just around the corner was very good. This was our first trip to Florence (and Italy) but we intend to return and will definitely stay at the Piere next time. The only negative thing about our stay was the building work that started about 7am on the building opposite our window, but we could hardly blame this on the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MRFAD
<Content>Strengths and not-so-strong points My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Pierre for five nights after booking a package through Orbitz and reading the reviews of this site. Strengths:1) Location: like they say, centrally located, walking distance to all major Florence sights (and literally three minutes to the Duomo). The street feels safe, even late at night, and was quiet.2) Service: Their staff are extremely helpful and courteous, happy to answer questions and make reservations as needed. The included breakfast is quite good, with a variety of choices (I'm pregnant and my husband is a vegetarian, so that can make things difficult at times). We had no trouble selecting foods that fit our various needs. 3) Air conditioning still functioning!Neutral aspects:I can't call these things weaknesses per se, but details I was not as happy with.1) We booked a double room, and were lead to a room with twin beds. When we requested a queen size bed, we were assured it would be fixed the next day, but then found they had just pushed the two beds together. Not terrible, but not what I expected of a four star hotel (which is how they describe themselves, but I see this site has given them three).2) Our room would have been a large room for a twin bed, but became quite small with the second. 3) Bathroom had a shower stall instead of a tub...and when pounding Florence's pavement/cobblestoned streets for six days, you're going to get sore feet and legs.4) No view from our window (except into the room of another Pierre guest).5) Not much of an issue, but the two restaurants recommended to us by the hotel (Il Parione and Il Porcellino) were our least favorites of the trip. Il Parione was good, but not great (and expensive for being not great). Il Porcellino is a good restaurant if you want an inventive, innovative spin on traditional dishes, but we wanted traditional Tuscan dishes. Trattoria Zaza, Trattoria Nella (my husband is still dreaming of their eggplant parmigiana), and Trattoria Boboli were our favorite dinners.Overally, I had wanted a nice, relaxing vacation for my husband, so he wouldn't have to worry about anything or feel like we weren't in a safe neighborhood. He was very pleased with our experience there, greatly appreciated the friendly nature of the staff, and I would say those wishes of mine were met. Because of these things, I gave this hotel a four rating here. However, I feel that for the price of the room, details were lacking that would have made for a four star, rather than three star, experience.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>McNalls
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Myself and my boyfriend stayed at the Hotel Pierre for 5 nights in September 06. We found the staff very helpful and friendly. The bedrooms were beautiful and the air conditioning was great!The Hotel is within walking distance to all the main sights, shops and restaurants.Only down side was the fact there was a building opposite the hotel which was being renovated, unfortunately our room looked onto this, so it was a bit noisy. However, this didn't take away from our enjoyment of Florence.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AJFlorida
<Content>Classy Hotel within walking distance of all major tourist sites This is a classy hotel right in the middle of Florence downtown. The rooms are spacious as are the bathrooms which sport multiple sinks. The front desk gives great advice on tourist sites. However their advice on restaurants was only so so. The breakfast is wonderful as also the genral upkeep of the hotel. It is a little pricey but its proximity to all the tourist sites plus restaurants and shopping and other city action makes it worthwhile  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bermuda
<Content>Great hotel and good location! I booked the Hotel Pierre , not having been to Florence before. Now that I have been there I realize that the location was absolutely perfect - in the center of things, but quiet , a quick walk to the Duomo, Uffizi, steps from the Piazza Repubblica which was a great plaza full of restaurants and cafes, street peddlers with quality wares and on the weekend wonderful free entertainment ranging from opera singers to dancing. The hotel itself was very clean and well kept. The room was comfortable and nicely furnished and featuring hardwood floors, and the bath marble , spacious and clean. Laundry service was reasonable and fast.  The breakfast was above average for European breakfasts, offering yogurts, croissants, pastries, cheeses, cold cuts and fruit. Eggs are available at a small cost. The concierge was unusually helpful , assisting me in unusual requests as I was settling my daughter in for a year of schooling in Florence (and as a result came up with some unusual requests like the best company for a cell phone, somewhere to find a computer printer, and where to purchase scissors). The fellow called around for me, advised me of the best prices and places, made sure I went when the stores were open (Florence = nothing open on Monday mornings!) and was truly a godsend. I would definitely stay here again. I might add that I ended up a few nights at the Hotel Baglioni, also a nice hotel but lacking the personal attention and concern that Hotel Pierre offers (the concierge wanted my room number before she would call a cab for me...) and it is also near the main train station, which, while convenient ,does not have the same ambience as the area near the piazza republica. So, when I go back to Florence, I will be back at Hotel Pierre.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>CBSulli
<Content>Loved Florence and the Pierre We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Pierre. The room was wonderul and the bathroom was spectaular. The staff was wonderful and always helpful, especially one young lady at the front deak who could not have been any nicer. After four nights and a wonderful time it was hard for us to leave Florence. I would recommend this hotel without a doubt. You could not ask for a better location!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dwmIreland
<Content>Great location Fantastic location close to the sites and shopping. We found the staff to be excellent and very helpful. The room we were allocated was clean and very nice. However, presently thebuilding across from the hotel is being renovated and we had to request they we be given a room in the back of the hotel to get away from the construction noise. This room was very dark but also very quite. However this was not an issue since we simply slept in the hotel and spent our days exploring the city and countryside.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DRCHC
<Content>Fantastic! We stayed in this hotel for only one night of our trip, but wish we could have stayed longer. When we arrived and checked in, we expected to be shown to the 2 standard twin rooms we had booked, only for the manager to show us to 2 delux rooms. Both rooms had views of the Duomo, flat screen TVs and marble bathrooms. The air condtioning not only worked but was the quietest, we've had in a long while.The staff were very friendly, efficient and we were even given cakes and biscuits when we ordered a drink from the bar.The location of the hotel is also amazing, 5mins walk and you will be at all the major attractions.We will definately be recommending this hotel to our friends and will be going back soon.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cteuber
<Content>I'm so sorry Get this!Upon arrival and following confirmation of full air conditioning in all rooms, we were escorted to our room for nearly 10 minutes through a maze of hallways  stairs to a room actually outside of the main building in an adjacent structure. The room's air conditioning appeared to be on but the room remained stifling hot......as you always hope to avoid, an immediate call to the front desk to be moved.Able to move to a room where we would be assured of functioning air conditioning due to July temperatures in excess of 90f (of course, back in thier main building and a full mile closer to the lobby), we were given an acceptable room BUT they could only accomodate us for 1 of the 2 nights we had RESERVED. We can arrange for another hotel Senoir.Are you kidding me? We must of heard Im so sorry at least 25 times prior to actual check out the next morning.DO NOT utilize Hotel Pierre for your time in Florence.Thats it, thats all!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nancydt
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel - great location               
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect location stayed here for 4 nights for our anniversary, the hotel is in the heart of florence but in a quiet side street so there is no noise only the buzzing atmosphere of the city when you open the window, the outside of the hotel is beautiful ,really old, and our room was lovely 3rd floor at front of hotel, the hotel staff were very friendly and the reception were excellent, if i came to florence again i would stay here, we highly recommend a visit to sienna i found it better, cleaner and a lot classier than florence its beautiful , also on the same trip we went to san gimigniano a medieval town. the one dissapointment with florence was the food, we tried some very expensive restaurants and had only one good meal { do not go to the nice looking place across the road from the hotel the food was awful and expensive] , i have noticed by reading other peoples comments that the reception recomend good places to eat take their advice because there are some very dodgy places overall the hotel is in the perfect location  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>swohlstadt
<Content>Loved the Pierre My wife and I just returned from a weekend in Florence after touring around Tuscany. Upon arrival, we were greeted very nicely by our Bellman and wonderful desk staff. In fact, every staff member was marvolous. The lobby was very clean and pretty with an i Bar at one end and a moderate sized seating area with multiple newspapers. We requested a quiet room away from the front of the hotel and were accomodated without a problem. Our car was taken away for valet parking at a rate of 28 Euro per day. This is an absolute neccesity however, It hought it was a little pricey though I know in NYC they charge even more. We never used the car until we left Florence on Sunday. The location of the hotel is absolutely perfect. Our room was very good, not the Ritz but excellent. My only complaint is that the mattress is not up to superior quality expectations. I thought the breakfast was pretty good. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tony221268
<Content>Disappointed by the details Stayed here in June 06. My overall view is that for the reasonably large amount of money you get a very average experience. I expected that this place would contain a selection of the ubiquitous US families and couples on a mission to see Yoorp through the windows of a sanitised American-style hotel. However, given the reviews on this site I didn't expect such a rip-off. Also stayed at another 4 star Florence Hotel and so had something to directly compare against. The Pierre was more expensive yet significantly downmarket.The room had some nice features but lots of details screamed bad things at me for having decided to part with the best part of 300E for a bit of upmarket Florence. Frayed curtain edges, scruffy floors, not very large room and generally gave the feeling of hmmm, faded 4 star rather than wayhey posh hotel!!.By far the worst was the breakfast. I have eaten at a lot of hotels but I have never had a breakfast where I really couldn't even eat the bread. The devil was again in the detail; not only did they ask extra Euros if you wanted fresh orange juice instead of the free undrinkable stuff but you have to get your own very, very bad coffee. Call me old-fashioned, call me a posh idiot but I like the breakfast guy to get me my hangover coffee when I am a little grumpy after a grand night in beautiful Florence.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>viaggioMelbourne
<Content>Central location in Florence The hotel is just behind Piazza della Repubblica, the main square in Florence, and has the benefits of the location without any noise. Staff are exceptional in their efforts to assist guests and breakfast is in a pleasant room, well-staffed, with plenty of food choices which are constantly replenished. I had a single room which was more than adequate in decor with a lovely marble bathroom. There is a very pleasant Florentine-style lounge area and small bar which was well utilised at the 'aperitivo' hour.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Such a great start to our honeymoon We stayed at the Hotel Pierre for the first two nights of our honeymoon in Italy. All I can say is that you could not ask for a better, more central place to stay. When we arrived after a crazy few hours driving around Florence (a whole different story!) we were welcomed by friendly staff and an upgrade on our room, along with sparkling wine and much needed nibbles. The room was stunning - so clean, it was even serviced for us when we went out later that day, so we arrived back to clean towels and gowns. Breakfast was lovely - the usual continental. The staff were fab, they recommended the most perfect intimate resturant for our first night.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay in Florence! We stayed in the Hotel Pierre in Florence for seven nights in late May and June. Our room was quiet, clean, pleasant and comfortable. The hotel staff were, without exception, courteous, helpful and friendly. Their recommendations of restaurants and trattorias were excellent, and they made several reservations for us for tours, museums and dinners, all of which we enjoyed. I would definitely recommend it as a place to stay in Florence and would return. We had a very nice stay there!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boston16
<Content>Great location! This hotel location is perfect!the room is very charming.the bar leaves allot to be desired. in the lobby tucked away in a corner. thought that was strange.the front desk was extremely helpful and professional.I would stay there again.the only thing is that a bellman walked in on us changing.. not sure why he did not knock or call us if he needed to see us. THough that was strange, but we were so tired we did not care at that point,all in all great location.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, helpful staff We stayed at the Hotel Pierre for a few days at the end of May 2006. Location - just about perfect. Very close to the main squares and all tourist attractions. Very handy for dropping off shopping before going out again on the tourist trail. Room comfortable and clean, although ours had no view. Breakfast was buffet-style, plenty to chose from. Staff all very helpful and kind. Would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Florence.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ItalyAnonymous
<Content>Great Location, Freindly Staff We chose this hotel as a stopgap between two couples with wildly varying vacation budgets. We wanted a nice base for sightseeing that both couples could afford without disappointing anyone and this fit the bill perfectly. The rooms were very clean and the bathrooms actually had counter space 鈥?a rarity in Italian hotels. The common areas were charming and the staff was very accommodating. Both couples had rooms at the front of the hotel but with the wooden shutters closed the street noise was minimal.The location could not have been better鈥ust about a 10 minute walk to the Duomo or Ponte Vecchio, 5 minutes to Piazza della Signoria and the Uffizi Gallery and there was shopping everywhere.This is no luxury hotel but if you are looking for a clean, comfortable, friendly place - centrally located for serious sightseeing or shopping, I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brionesr
<Content>Great location. Charming Hotel Had a wonderful stay at the hotel Pierre. The hotel staff was amazing. The rooms and common areas charming. The location can't be beat. Great shopping and all the sites very close. Would stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great experience in Florence We were brave enough to attempt to drive to Florence from Parma. The manager of the Pierre talked us through the myriad of streets that make up Florence and was even at the front door to meet us when we (finally) arrived.The staff is warm and friendly. They made reservations for us at several nice restaurants and seemed to genuinely care that we enjoyed them.The rooms are clean, though I'm told the front rooms can be very loud, so request a room in the back--though you might suffer a view.You will enjoy this hotel in Florence.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lin_NewYork
<Content>Highly Recommended! We had a very pleasant stay at Hotel Pierre from April 22-25. The staff were professional, friendly and helpful. Room service was efficient. A big thank you to Lucia and Leonardo! You made us feel warm and welcomed. The hotel was centrally located and within easy walking distance to all major attractions. It's about a 15-minute walk from the train station. For those who love to shop, the hotel is in close proximity to Via Tornabuoni. There were many good restaurants in the area. We tried Buca Mario one night but weren't particularly impressed. Our room (402) was facing the back and so didn't encounter the noise problems others had experienced. The room was good size and the bathroom was spotlessly clean. One thing I would say was that the amenities were a bit lacking with the shower gel and the shampoo being the same bottle. Outlet shopping (arranged by the hotel upon arrival) was fun. The shuttle service to The Mall cost Euro 25 per person. We wish we could spend more time there. The Tod's store had a good selection of high quality products (shoes, wallets and handbags). With the VAT refund, it's definitely worth the buy. I highly recommend this hotel to those who will be travelling to Florence.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dekard
<Content>Perfect Pierre Beautiful, spotless, elegant, and friendly. There over Easter - they left us a little chocolate egg in our rooms - nice little touches like this make a difference. We had two lovely 3 bed suites on the front. Perfect location for all the sights. But - late at night when you are trying to sleep the street musicians are a pain in the a***. Overall highly recommended, but might have been quieter at the back. We had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smiggs
<Content>Definitely ask for a room to the rear It has been said before but I would certainly repeat it - if you want to be in a great location for the sights and sounds of Florence this is the hotel to stay in. Lots of sights are within easy walking distance and all are within walking distance for those who like to wander slightly further afield. Lots of good restaurants nearby and perhaps too many shops for anyone whose credit card is already reaching its limit! The hotel itself is spotlessly clean and the staff are friendly and very efficient. Our room was a bit on the small side for my liking and, as it was to the front of the hotel, just a bit too noisy - the centre of Florence does not go to bed early! Having said that an offer was made to change rooms as soon as a room to the back became available. Breakfast is available until 10.30am and includes both a hot and cold buffet and, with the added bonus being served in a dining room with crisp white linen tablecloths and napkins, is a great start to a day with surprises round every corner.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CousinJack
<Content>Excellent hotel - but ... Lots of other people have written about the excellent and friendly service from this hotel. Our experience was the same, every member of staff we met was both efficient and VERY helpful. In that respect this must rate as the best hotel ever, anywhere.The but... is not really a criticism of the hotel, it is a warning about Florence. It is a busy city, with narrow streets and lots of people and nightlife. Our room (overlooking the street) was noisy on Friday and Saturday nights, with revellers until around 3:00 am, and then morning noise from about 7:00. Friends staying in other hotels have found the same problems so it is not peculiar to this hotel.Would I return to this hotel ? YES, but I wouldn't chose to stay in Florence over the weekend again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SueGrogan
<Content>Excellent location and great value for money I agree with everything the previous person wrote about this hotel. We stayed for 4 nights at the end of March. I did quite a bit of research when trying to decide where to stay in Florence and decided this hotel looked good value for money. We got a great deal booking directly from the website of the hotel, and were not disappointed. The location could not be better, the rooms and the hotel were extremely clean, the staff were very friendly and helpful, not much more you could ask for. I would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wanderlustkc
<Content>We loved Hotel Pierre! We spent four nights at the Hotel Pierre in mid-March and left convinced we had chosen the perfect hotel for us---lovely hotel, fabulous location, superb staff at a great value!I am a Travel Agent and Reservation Sales Manager for a major worldwide hotel chain. I researched and found a wonderful air/hotel deal I could not pass up. We received the 5th night free here, lowering an already very reasonable rate for the Hotel Pierre. We loved this hotel for so many reasons. Every staff person we came upon offered professional, courteous and enthusiastic service...from the Front Desk to the lobby bar to the breakfast room to housekeeping. The filled umbrella stand near the front door was a lovely touch that we had no need for during our sunny stay.The location was more than we could have asked for: very central and mere minutes from the Arno and Ponte Vecchio to the south, the Duomo to the north, Piazza della Signoria and Uffizi Gallery to the east; around the corner from the outdoor Mercato del Porcellino Nuovo;next to a travel agency handy for purchasing train tickets; up the block from the main Post Office; yet on a short, quiet block.The standard Deluxe room faced another room across a small courtyard, but privacy was not a problem and the location was very quiet with windows open all night. The Superior rooms across the hall face the street, have larger bathrooms with separate bath and shower, and an extended sitting area. A welcome change from our brioche, juice and coffee breakfast in Rome was the included breakfast with scrambled eggs, meats and cheeses, fruits, breakfast breads and pastries and delicious and fresh juice choices. Oh and coffee was OK (American style), but capuccino and espresso were available on request.We both noted how every inch of this hotel was sparkling clean! Our room was very comfortably set up and a pleasure to return to each evening. Now if only something can be done with Italian TV. One news show had a camera looking over the shoulder of a reporter reading yellow highlighted excerpts from a newspaper. Variety shows, uniformly horrible, abound. I would love someone to explain the show Super Trambusto! to me:-)I will heartily recommend the Hotel Pierre to my clients and look forward to my next stay there (hopefully next year)!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just wonderful.. The minute you enter this well located hotel you know the sort of experience you will have by the friendliness of the staff. Even though we didn't have a view it just didn't matter.The beds were wide and comfortable,everything sparkling clean and well equipped.The hotel was quiet and restful. Breakfast was delicious and ample.The staff were professional, helpful and with a sense of humour. This hotel is top class.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shellybelly7
<Content>Perfect hotel-great location  We stayed in early March for 4 nights, standard room. We were considering spending alot more on a 5 star place, but read reviews on Tripadvisor and decided to go for the 'value for money' option - which this hotel definitely is. You couldn't get a better location. The staff are friendly and know the meaning of good proactive customer service. They volunteer help (re restaurants, museums etc) rather than you having to chase it up. Breakfast is quite a good continental, staff once again are constantly on hand - replenishing supplies and making sure everything looks OK. The room was lovely - not huge, and just a single sink in the standard rooms but perfectly adequate and quite quaint (nicely decorated with wooden floors). We would highly recommend this hotel, and wouldn't consider staying anywhere else in Florence - it's not often I post comments on websites regarding hotels, but this one deserves it!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>haskaro
<Content>Fantastic Place to Stay- RECOMMEND Enjoyed a pleasant stay here for 4 nights from 15-19 Feb 06.Room wasnt large (which isnt unusual for a european city hotel) but was well equipped. We even had two sinks and a bidet in the lovely bathroom, plus a minibar which we used to store fresh milk so we could have a cup of english tea with the kettle and cups we brought with us as there was no tea/coffee facilities provided.Breakfast is continental sytle and you can definately eat your fill.Location is excellent as you are so central and everything is easily accesible. Reception staff were friendly and helpful.Hotel was clean.We had a rainy day and the hotel provided guests with complimentary umbrellas which I thought was a nice touch.WOULD RECOMMEND and if I ever visit Florence again I would stay here again.We got a good deal on [--] (拢288 for 4 nights) as Feb is slightly off season but still a good time to visit.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CVN-65
<Content>Fabulous hotel in an ideal location We had a fabulous 4 nights in Florence and the Hotel Pierre was the perfect base hotel for our break. The room (#203) was at the front of the hotel and although there was some early morning noise due to street cleaners, it was bearable. The staff in the hotel are very friendly. The buffet breakfast is good and caters for a wide variety of tastes. But back to the room - we had a deluxe room - definitely worth the upgrade. There is so much space in there and the bathroom, we both agreed, was fantastic with a bath, separate shower cubicle, double basins, etc. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and we would most certainly stay in this hotel again should we ever go back to Florence. Enjoy! :-)  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlliBalli
<Content>Perfect Location and Wonderful Hotel! The Hotel Pierre is perfectly situated in the heart of Florence! Our family of 5 stayed in connecting rooms and found the hotel to be nice and kept very clean. While these weren't the fanciest rooms we stayed in during our 2 week trip to Italy, they were certainly way above average and well maintained. The front desk staff was absolutely wonderful and very helpful. Their restaurant suggestions were great. We recommend Dante's restaurant across the Arno. It's just a 15 - 20 minute walk from the hotel. We also loved Buca Lapi. We loved going to Florence the week before Christmas because we found very few tourists there and no lines to get in anywhere.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tinabee
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location! We booked this hotel after finding it on Tripadvisor and when we arrived we were not disappointed! We even had our room upgraded to a superior room which was a lovely surprise. The exterior of the building is impressive, staff were friendly and helpful and were only to happy to suggest and book restaurants for us (which were fantastic and probably wouldnt be found otherwise as they were tucked away from the touristy resturants!), we had a good breakfast each morning with a lot of choice. Location is great. Only negative was we had a room at the front of the hotel, great for the views but noisy v.early in the morning when they had deliveries, and shops opened up. Not such a big deal when you consider how many positives points there are though.All in all a great hotel in a fabulous city!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luckyluke12
<Content>The Pierre is Priceless       exterior hotel pierre florence - medieval renaissance palace  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>angel_eyes_007
<Content>Enjoyed the Hotel Pierre We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Pierre.It is close to all the major attractions...The staff was very courteous and friendly,as well as helpfull, and, the free breakfeast buffet is a great way to start the day!!Our next trip to Florence will be at the Hotel Pierre!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gteam106
<Content>Great hotel, even better staff This is a very well appointed hotel. Very clean. Good breakfast. Centrally located (everything is close - a few minutes walk).The staff were literally priceless. They were unfailing smiling, helpful. One night the barman had to leave early. The Concierge pitched in and the three of us made a drink. Lots of fun. More importantly, this guy didn't have to go out of his way. He did.Stay here and thank yourself later.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bw27
<Content>A little gem in the heart of Florence ... We visited the hotel Pierre with some friends for 2 nights in October. It is superbly situated near the Duomo, yet in a side street so it doesn't suffer too much from the florentine noise! The staff were superb - helpful, polite and unceasingly patient with our feeble attempts at Italian! They were under huge pressure with a large group of Scandinavians staying at the same time, who took over the tiny bar area for pre-dinner drinks from 4.30 to 8.30 each night, but the barman and staff remained in total control  apologised profusely to us all. They recommended 2 excellent restaurants nearby (one smart, one less so -exactly as we requested) there is also a quite sweet bistro opposite. We had a huge room which was very comfortable. all in all a real find in Florence, and I will definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbeatable location, loved the bed!!!!! A short weekend away in Florence, staying at Hotel Pierre ended up being a complete success as a surprise birthday present.The room, even though a bit small and with no views was very comfortable, especially the bed; slept like a baby both nights! Loved the blinds and the bathroom too. The only let down was the breakfast; a bit scarce compared to English breakfast.Unbeatable location; don't bother driving; just walk from the station and the hotel is literally 5 mn away from Ponte Vecchio and all mayor sights.Definitely going back in Jan!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sandgrounder99
<Content>Great Hotel, great location Very pleased with the location (5 minutes from the Duomo). Hotel staff very helpful. Room excellent and clean. Slightly disappointing breakfast for a four star, it seemed a little bit basic. Would certainly recommend it and would return ourselves.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Location The Hotel Pierre is ideally located to walk easily to all sights of Florence. It is beautifully decorated and the service was excellant. The staff are helpful and have a good local knowledge. Only one down point the room we stayed in although having a window this looked out onto a wall which was approximately three feet from the window and 30 foot high therefore there was no natural light in the room. However, this was not a problem as Florence is so beautiful that we spent very little time in the hotel room. This also typical of any cetral hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay - don't think about going elsewhere! After arriving in Florence we switched to Hotel Pierre based on a recommendation. This is a fabulous hotel and comes with the highest recommendation. Not only is the hotel in a perfect location for shopping, tourist sites and restaurants, but the hotel staff is friendly, helpful and accommodating in every way. The manager of the hotel went out of his way to help us find a hotel in Rome - exceptional service. The breakfast was nice. The rooms were spacious, quiet, clean and comfortable. Check out the leather shop across the street - great products and Max, the owner is great to work with - he will offer you a great deal if you are staying in the hotel! Whenever we return to Florence, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alproc
<Content>Outstanding Location, Great Staff, Pretty OK Hotel.       A bathroom - very decent but not great  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>liberolibera
<Content>You Must Stay at the Pierre The location could not be better. The room was spacious and clean. The front desk staff helpful and friendly. This hotel has got to be the hidden jewel of Florence. We loved it and can't wait to return.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VM2
<Content>Good position This hotel was centrally located in Florence.Our room had no view so was a little dissappointing.It was also on the small side as we were travelling with our 17 yr old daughter and had requested a triple room,but our room was abit of a squeeze.The breakfast was only average.The staff were pleasant and helpful however  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kieran1OO1
<Content>Great hotel, great location. All the positive things already written about the Pierre on this forum are true. Apart from having a beautiful room during our stay the thing we liked best about it was its perfect location. The lady on reception when we arrived also deserves a special mention for her very friendly welcome. Unfortunately I didn't get her name because we didn't see her again during our stay - possibly she went on leave.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location... I stayed at 8 hotels in Europe and this was my least favorite. I booked all of the hotels based on the tripadvisor reviews and I found the reveiws to be dead on with all of the other hotels but I do not agree with the reviews about Hotel Pierre. The location is wonderful and most of the staff was great, but there was nothing special about the room and we ran into a very rude young man who worked the front desk in the evening. Breakfast was nice but I think you can find a better hotel for the money.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Find We had originally booked a different hotel but after reading the reviews, decided to switch to the Hotel Pierre, which your website highly rated. We are so glad that we did. The Hotel Pierre is in a great location about two blocks from the Duomo and easily within walking distance from the other sights around Florence. Our room was large by European standards and had a king size bed plus a cot for our daughter. There was still room to walk around. The hotel is completing extensive refurbishing of many of the rooms but we never heard any of the work being done. We had relatives who chose to stay at the Excelsior(a beautiful property but very expensive) and we all always ended up at the Pierre because it was so much closer to everything! The staff was very helpful and friendly and knew our names and room number within the first day. A continental breakfast was included and what would Italy be like without melon and Parma ham for breakfast?! We are looking forward to visiting Florence again and would definitely stay at the Hotel Pierre!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller060
<Content>fantastic location We have just returned from florence and thank everyone who reviewed this hotel as it was such a great choice for us. The hotel is lovely, very helpful, freindly staff, immaculately clean and has a great feel to the place. Most important the location is fantastic, a few hundred yards from the Savoy at a great price within walking distance of everything. We loved it and we are choosy about hotels.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only Place to Stay in Florence Thanks to all for writing their reviews as I chose this hotel because of them and was very pleased that I did. We spent two nights at the Hotel Pierre on July 29-30. It was well over 100 degrees (over 42 C) but the location was so great that we were able to walk around for a few hours and then head back to the hotel to cool down before heading out again. Ponte Vecchio, Duomo, Uffizi gallery and shopping are all 5 minute walks away so who could ask for a better location. Rooms were very comfortable and clean with marble bathrooms and his/her sinks. The bells from the Duomo woke us each morning at 7:45 which was very cool! The staff was unbelievably pleasant and thanks to Lucia who had made our dinner reservations each night, we had some of the best Italian food I'd ever had. The bartender at the hotel is also a great guy so stop by and say hello to him. To be honest, this hotel made our trip to Florence absolutely special and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. I can't wait to go back and stay at this hotel. Safe travels everyone.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mark4
<Content>great location great value Thanks to all those who submitted reviews for thgis hotel; it was their enthusiasm which led to us staying four nights 15-19 July.This hotel has the most remarkable location, absolutely in the centre of Florence, everywhere is within easy walking distance.We were offered one of their larger rooms, it was very comfortable, good bed and very nice marble bathroom with his and her sinks.We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newyorker125
<Content>Unbeatable location, classy hotel The hotel is in the middle of everything. We booked a double room through expedia and paid around EUR80 per night for a double room. Throughout our time in Florence, we did everything by foot because the hotel is in such a central location. The environment is beautiful and the hotel is small but charming. Our room is small (this is my first time to europe, i heard european rooms are much smaller compared to U.S.), but very neat and clean. Breakfast was okay. The reception also helped us organize a trip to The Mall (Gucci outlet), and it was around EURO 15 (not sure) door-to-door service. Overall, i think its excellent for the value. Our last morning before we took the flight back to the U.S. was well spent walking over Ponte Vechio (5-10 minute) and walk up to the hill top across the river for a fantastic view of florence (took an hour, in leisure), it would not have happend if we live further away from the center of the city. Hotel Pierre gave us a fantastic vacation in florence. We're budget traveller, so the price is still kinda steep for us, so maybe we won't stay at the same place next time. But hey, if EUR80 is no problem for you, then you can be well assured your money is well spent and you probably got the best hotel in the neighborhood at that price.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel in every possible way Very clean rooms, well appointed rooms, perfect location for sightseeing, extremely friendly and personable staff, excellent wine at the wine bar, beds very comfortable. Neither my wife nor I are easily impressed with hotels; this hotel impressed us tremendously. I am from America, my wife is from Europe. Be aware there is no swimming pool in central Florence, but heh, you are going there to swim anyway! The staff knew us by name, and got to know us well, even though we only stayed one night.This hotel was the most memorable of any in all of our many travels.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It made all the difference! Simply Delightful! Although we stayed at this hotel for 1 night..the staff and the reception were both friendly and helpful. They gave us the best room available Room#512. Although it was a bit farther off from the Elevator, but the view was great, the room was very clean, and the decor exquisite. We paid triple the price in Rome, and could barely get anything close in style, beauty, and hospitality. The rate was also quite reasonable considering it was high season. My wife and I will definitely stay there again if we are in Florence, and we highly recommend this for couples especially. Also, the location was beyond perfect!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great Hotel. Staff is extremely friendly (which was a welcome change from the treatment we received in Rome) and helpful. Can't beat the location. You turn the corner and you are right in the heart of the city Would stay there again next time without hesistation.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harleycat
<Content>What great hospitality in a great location... Just back from a long weekend trip to this wonderful city. Between the discount pricing I found after combing websites and the previous reviews we gave it a try and am pleased we did. What a great staff, everyone was helpful, attentive, and made arrangments. Always with a smile. They even adjusted the rate (lower) when my travel partner left a day earlier... this made me smile too! It is tastefully decorated and has a comfortable atmosphere. The location is perfect because you can always drop off all your purchases after some retail therapy, wash up, and get right back out there for more!! Its mid-way between the Ponte Vecchio and the Duomo so its easy access to everywhere. I've been to Florence a few times and am always up for trying new places but I think the Pierre is worthy of a second stay and I would definately stay here again...My recommendations: * begin your day Italian style and have the staff make you a fresh Cappucino or Cafe Latte (no charge) and skip the 'American coffee' that is self serve at breakfast. *shop the web for discounted rates.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishMan-in-Paris
<Content>nice, very central hotel I took my girlfriend here for a surprise weekend and we were very content with all. Very central location, elegant hotel in a lovely city. The staff were very nice  helpful and gave very good recommendations for resturants to eat good local cuisine.My old gripe is the price - the hotel seemed very expensive  room was not that big or luxurious for the price. But if you can afford the price you wil not be dissapointed with the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb hotel We spent a long weekend at the Pierre and had a wonderful time. The staff were so helpful and friendly and the American Bar with its welcoming staff was a wonderful place to relax after a hectic day visiting the sights. The location is great too as it is so central for all the beautiful places of interest everything being within easy walking distance.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Athena419
<Content>Great Service at Hotel Pierre During our third trip to Florence, my husband and I were booked at the Hotel Pierre. It's a lovely boutique hotel with 44 rooms on five floors. When we arrived, at about 1 pm, we were greeted warmly, our room was ready and we never touched our bags until they were brought to our room. The room was beautiful, with a wood floor and marble bathroom. Breakfast was included and the chef was proficient at American scrambled eggs! They don't have a restaurant but there are many within walking distance and the staff gives excellent recommendations. One minor problem is noise - if you're on the Via Del Lamberti side, you might encounter loud talking and, how shall I say it, exhuberent spirits. This went on some nights until 1 or 1:30 am and disturbed my sleep but not my husband's. Otherwise, this is a lovely place, situated perfectly for all the sights you would wish to visit.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location We stayed at the Pierre for 4 nights in December. Fabulous location. Easy 10 walk gets you anywhere you want to go! The staff was very warm and helpful. We needed to have my daugter's coat dry cleaned, but brought it down late. They called the cleaners to make an additional pickup and had it returned that evening. If there is a negative, this part of the city never sleeps, so a room off the street will be quieter. The rooms are elegant and very nice size.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimmyP713
<Content>Can't Beat the Location... Overall the Pierre is a very nice hotel, but what makes it special is the location. A few minute walk to the Ponte Vecchio, Uffitzi, Santa Croche, etc...you can't ask for a better location. The double room was nice size, however the single was a tad small. Both rooms, however could use some updating with the furniture. The bathrooms are very nice marble, however, in the single room, there was a convertable shower in the middle of the bathroom...this was a little frustrating as the bathroom seemed to flood from each shower. The double room had a nice standard tub/shower. The staff was very accommodating, and even arranged a private tour of the city for us which was very nice. For the money, this hotel was very nice and the location was amazing.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome !! Location, staff, amenities were all fantastic. My wife and two kids (age 9  10) stayed at Hotel Pierre Aug 16th to 19th. We had a fantastic experience. From the moment we walked through the door the staff was attentive and professional. The folks at the front desk, lobby bar, porters etc. were all great. We used trip advisor religously for our trip, and the reviews of the Pierre did not let us down. The one hotel (in Amalfi) that I let my travel agent choose, was the worst of the two weeks in Italy. As noted in the other Pierre reviews, location is awesome - next to Piazza Republica and short walks to the Duomo and Uffizi.Our travel agent had also failed to pass along our request of adjoining rooms and when we arrived, the hotel had us on different floors - they were very proactive in trying to juggle people around so we could have two rooms close together. We ended up with two rooms across the hall which were spacious (by Europeon standards) and very nicely appointed.Great food and restaurant choices close by. One night the bar staff arranged take-out from the gourmet restaurant across the street for our kids. They called, picked up the food, paid, and delivered it to our room. What service !! Email if you would like any more info.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved most things! Location is perfect! Deluxe rooms were spacious and clean, with nice bathrooms. Staff were professionally courteous, but not overly nice. Breakfast staff could be more attentive to people, not just the dishes. Biggest problem was our room facing the street. Laundry pickup is every other day at 7AM, the truck that loads the laundry makes SO MUCH NOISE! I would make sure which location my room faced.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT HOTEL !!! Following the good reviews on tripadvisor I wanted to book 6 nights for August 19-26 2004.The prices mentionned are much more than what you can get it for: 99 euros on hotels or 120 on the hotel Pierre website directly for a double for 2 people. Given the fact that Florence is expensive and that this is a 4 star located right in the center (2 min walk from Duomo, Palazzio Vecchio, etc.) and with breakfast this is unbeatable to me.Add to that a big well lit nicely decorated palazzio room with american queen sized bed, parquet floor, carpets, satellite TV (Olympics on eurosport uk!), full marble bathroom with hairdryer, bath, bidet, massive mirror and bathrobes.Breakfast is composed of croissants (chocolate or cream stuffed and unstuffed), italian rice cake, butterbread or complete rolls, french toast, cereals, fruit salad, fruits, nutella, jams, scrambled eggs, sausages, hams, cheese, hot/cold milk, tea, coffee, orange, grapefruit and pineapple juice (from concentrate) !For lunch and dinner you get from trattorie on the way to the sites 4 euros pizze or pasta and 1.5 euro italian ice cream easily.Central location is great for sightseeing (everything to see is really in the center not spread all over in Florence (less than 10 min walk to any site)) or shopping (all major shops around (Furla, Diesel, Fendi, etc.)). Friendly and efficient staff.Finally, as my first name is Pierre, this hotel was meant for me and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience The location is amazing! The hotel is a very short walk from all the major points of interest and restaurants. The lobby is very elegant and the staff attentive. The room was modern, very clean and larger than expected. Although the hotel is around the corner from a noisy pedestrian thouroughfare, the only noise I heard was from the street cleaner (to be expected in the heart of a city). The breakfast was a little disappointing (compared to the 3 other italian hotels we stayed at during our trip). At a rate of $138 a night this hotel could not be beat!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection! Absolutely wonderful. Perfect location, excellent staff, wonderful service, beautiful room. The rooms are SURPRISINGLY huge. It feels like an american hotel. YOU MUST STAY HERE! You wont be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice location, nice room, nice people....great experience i booked one standard and one deluxe room at the end of may, 2004. upon arrival they upgraded one room so that we could have adjacent rooms which was nice, of course.the rooms were large and VERY tastefully appointed with a nice sofa and comfortable bed. the bathroom was marble and effeciently large. our view was to the front and, while having a spectacular view, it was light and airy. the unique windows were constructed with interior shutters which kept the room dark in the morning.yes, it could be loud in the early morning hours. yes, it would wake me up. it was not unexpected and it was not unbearable. don't stay in the central part of town if you want something quiet. the tradeoff is a GREAT location. you can be at all the sights by 5 minutes on foot.the staff was friendly and spoke good english. they booked us into the museums which saved loads of time. they stored our bags for us after we checked out. the breakfast was only fair but was typical of our experience throughout europe.if i have the good fortune to return to florence i will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel Perfect location althoug not what we expected after what we read on the tripadvisor reviews, never take a room on the front facade, and as people on the reception were very nice the breakfats attendants were bad humored. Nice breakfast and well furnished hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DoctorM
<Content>great service and location My wife and I stayed at Hotel Pierre in March 2004. The location is great and is within walking distance of all the major sites in downtown florence. The room and breakfast were okay but not fantastic. However, we found that the hotel staff was extremely helpful. For example, they got us opera tickets, made restaurant reservations, gave excellent directions to secure rental car and return down the maze of streets.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonFifi
<Content>Very good hotel I stayed at Hotel Pierre in May 2004 for a week. Its in a great base for a holiday. The location is excellent, the room size is good and kept very clean. There is some noise in the early hours, when stalls are setting up in a nearby small market, but you cannot be central and expect total quiet. The staff at the hotel really make it special. They were efficient and friendly. They booked tickets for the Uffizi, printed off rail timetables and pointed us to some good places to eat. The barman also made very generous sized drinks!  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pierre was perfect My boyfriend and I had a great stay at the Hotel Pierre. We were originally booked in to stay at the Strozzi Palace Hotel, but the bathrooms there had flooded, so they kindly transferred us to the Pierre for the same price. If you're looking for a hotel in a really good central location, with a luxurious feel to it and friendly service, I would say this is the one if you can afford their prices.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel This has to be the most amazing hotel in the world! The staff is wonderfully friendly and the location couldn't be better. It faces a quiet side street so traffic noise is non-existant. The lobby is beautiful and typically European-quaint. Althought ehre were signs posted that the hotel was under contruction/renovation, I never heard any noise or saw evidence of that which was great. The rooms are comfortable and quite large for Europe. The bathrooms are very nice also. The morning breakfast is very good with lots of options. The most impressive thing about this hotel is the location. It is less than a 5 minute walk from virtually everything in Florence. I stayed there for a week in March of this year and absolutely cannot wait to go back!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location and wondeful service Excellent facilities. Courteous staff and great location. You can go for a walk anytime of the night and see wonderful places in quiet time.The hotel staff even placed a baby crib for our 1 year old in the room. Wondeful place, highly recommended.Did I mention excellent location!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Pierre!!   showReview(1746666, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, beautiful room, great price.   showReview(1746496, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelPlanner1029
<Content>Very nice hotel and great location.   showReview(1734954, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location and very nice hotel   showReview(1734578, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(1528441, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastico   showReview(1505224, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1445353, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent location, but just decent hotel   showReview(1345124, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Small Hotel   showReview(1121558, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Pierre   showReview(711013, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>plein centre   showReview(20552226, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rafinement comme Florence   showReview(19646265, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr angenehme Hotelatomosphaere   showReview(19646264, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correct mais sans plus   showReview(19646263, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jmt75
<Content>hotel tr猫s correct mais sans plus   showReview(17883299, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>6 euros pour un bol de gla莽ons...   showReview(16731279, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un excellent rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(14730234, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Questo albergo si trova in...   showReview(14029493, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueillant, pratique et 茅conomique   showReview(13975982, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour   showReview(13975981, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu de莽u   showReview(13198070, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>petit dej pas terrible. le reste parfait   showReview(13198068, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wunderbar!   showReview(13198069, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>marc0M
<Content>hotel bello-staff terribile   showReview(10789703, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	3	4	3	1	

<Author>bobpao
<Content>Emplacement parfait.   showReview(8706649, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻偍銉笺儷銇仺銇︺倐姘椼伀...   showReview(21802973, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19163325, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11444862, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es la segunda vez que utilizo...   showReview(11369613, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DanieldeParis
<Content>emplacement id茅al, h么tel impeccable       Chambre triple, 3猫 茅tage  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11387667, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato ampiamente...   showReview(11369615, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eleganza e cortesia   showReview(11379402, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偅銉兂銉勩偋銇腑蹇冨湴銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19159488, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶栬Τ銇嬨倝銇倐銇嗗皯銇椼偘...   showReview(21801849, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇渶楂樸€傞儴灞嬨伅銇?..   showReview(21801832, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfaite situation dans la zone pietonne...   showReview(11349981, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅, bon h么tel   showReview(11336864, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偅銉兂銉勩偋銇с亰鍕с倎   showReview(19157250, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

