<Author>axle
<Content>Best Hotel In Texas............. I stayed at the Ritz Carlton at Dallas for 3 nights arriving on December 31st for the Cotton Bowl game between Ole Miss and Texas Tech. I thought the RC was the best hotel we have stayed in for quite a while. We are regular RC guests and we have stayed at their properties in NYC, SF, NO, Laguna Beach, Amelia Island, DC, St. Thomas, Jamaica, Cancun, Atlanta, St. Louis, et al. I think the RC Dallas beats them all. The service was outstanding. I booked my room through the hotel and all my dinner reservations, a car to the ball game, my wife's spa reservations, etc. through Robert at the Concierge. He was outstanding. Dean Fearing had a restaurant at the Mansion on Turtle Creek but left to open his own place at the RC. We had dinner there on the 2nd which was outstanding. DF came out to speak to us and we enjoyed that. The room service, housekeeping and bell service was outstanding. We will go back again soon.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chellebell
<Content>You do live in a hotel. Spent Christmas night here on our way to visit family. Decided to stop and take in the King Tut exhibit; booked a suite with the King Tut package.The reason for my review title is this-people, you chose to live in a hotel, so don't act all put out when hotel guests are on the premises. This was a nice splurge for Christmas night, but I doubt I would stay here again. The front desk staff, bellman, etc. were fine, but no one really went out of their way. The room was nice, but nothing special. When in our living room we could hear the guests in the next room. The bathroom was better than your standard hotel, but nothing to write home about. Dinner at Fearings was the highlight of the visit. The staff made us feel as if they were happy we were there. We had breakfast there the next morning and the staff was again very hospitable.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>MissBonie
<Content>A little disappointed... Two girlfriends and I stayed in a suite the weekend of 12/20. Upon their arrival, they had help with their bags, where I had to schlep my own. While the suite was quite spacious, the furnishings were miminal and more modest that I would expect at the Ritz.We were able to get down to the spa for a manicure at a moment's notice and delighted in the company of Joey and Dee.Spa services are expensive and include an 18% gratuity.The highlight of our stay was Sunday brunch at Fearing's. Again, expensive, but well worth every penny and not to be missed.When we do our weekend getaway again, we'll probably pass on the Ritz and try the Mansion.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>patrickwNewYork_NY
<Content>Nice Hotel, but nothing to Rave about       Bed after Turn-Down  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Mgz
<Content>Elegant, attentive service, truly worthwhile visit As an alternative to spending days in the kitchen cooking a huge holiday dinner, we spent 2 nights over Christmas at Dallas' new Ritz Carlton. It was time well spent, one of the most satisfying lodging experiences I've ever had at a very competitive rate for such a property. Comments follow; feel free to email with questions.LOCATIONOn the south end of McKinney Ave, this hotel is directly adjacent to Crescent Court, and a short walk to numerous bars, cafes, shops and restaurants along McKinney Ave. The free trolley also runs in front of the hotel. I walked one night to/from Idle Rich, a great Irish bar, about an 8-10 minute walk. It's a great location.ROOMWe reserved a junior suite at a special bb rate, and were bumped up to a deluxe suite, a very welcome Christmas present.The king bed was very comfortable, part of the trend toward ultra-plush bedding at the better hotels. The bathroom was large, with a deep soak tub and separate shower. My favorite feature, which will now haunt my wife until we get it, was a TV embedded in the mirror above the sinks. Can you say perfect bathroom?The TVs had a Bose sound system, a nice touch. All in all, the room was clean, comfortable, well kept, and as good as we could have wanted.LOBBYNever one to pick a hotel on the lobby - I mean, how important is it, really? - I was impressed with the uncluttered elegance and spaciousness that surrounds once you go through the front door. I've been to a couple of Ritz Carltons, and they always seem to have a number of beautiful paintings and sculptures. It's elegant without being stuffy or unapproachable. DININGWe had breakfast and lunch at Fearings, the relatively new restaurant by Dean Fearing, formerly the focal point of The Mansion At Turtle Creek (where we also dined, see other review). Breakfast was delicious. Eggs Benedict were poached perfectly. The hollandaise was silky and light. The breakfast potatoes, normally the part I avoid due to grease, were so very good. Potatoes, bell and red peppers, onion, butter, all balanced and addictive. The coffee was rich and chewy, just perfect. And service, which I'll speak more to later, was spot on.Lunch was simple, and clearly from the southwestern libraries of Fearing. We had lobster nachos - simple but delicious, lettuce wedge with quail, and today, the famous tortilla soup and braised pork ribs. All were well presented, served with elegance and timeliness, and perfectly seasoned. We did not have dinner there, but I expect it was on par with the best dining in Dallas.Try the gelato in the lobby shop - very smooth, rich but not overly heavy, it was a good copy of an Italian favorite.FYI, the bed and breakfast rate includes a $57 credit at the restaurant.SERVICERoom, food, and everything else doesn't count at all without tremendous service. The Ritz Carlton never fell short in this crucial area. From arrival to check-in, from dining to check-out, service was impeccable. Consistently attentive without being overbearing, we felt so welcome and comfortable every day.I encourage folks to ask questions about the menu at Fearings. You learn a great deal about food from exploring menus. My daughter had braised ribs at three different places this week, and is now a knowledgable connoisseur of braising. Guess what Dad has to cook soon! All service folks treated my daughter with respect, impressing me immensely. A special thanks to Aubrey in the bar and Rob at concierge who were most attentive and generous. They helped make this a special Christmas. All the doormen and housekeeping were equally gracious.CONS:Really, none to speak of. My daughter wanted to swim in the heated outdoor pool, and unfortunately the heater was not working, so that disappointed. Otherwise, all was well.This hotel is an excellent choice for people looking for an elegant, comfortable oasis in a great neighborhood, and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Just4hertravel
<Content>Loved the atmosphere! Can you say fabulous? The Ritz is known for the ultimate service, but the Dallas Ritz Carlton simply blows away their competition! I live in Naples and while the Ritz (we have 2) are outstanding the Dallas hotel was beyond belief. The service second to none, the live music and atmosphere was so fun. You will not be disappointed if you stay here - Texas is known for big  grand this certainly fits the bill. Having stayed at the Anatole, Mansion on Turtle Creek, etc. .. the Ritz tops them all hands down.Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eyerep74
<Content>Don't bother.....they don't! I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights for my wedding weekend. I found the service at this hotel to run hot and cold.  Upon arriving at the hotel I was graciously greeted by the valets and promptly received help with my bags.  At check-in a very helpful gentlemen at the desk made the process painless. I have to say that I was shocked to find out that Wi-Fi is $9.95 a night! C'mon, I just spent a night at a Hampton Inn in San Angelo and they have it FREE! It's a little insulting to charge over $400.00 a night and have to pay for a service that every hotel on the planet provides free of charge.  Once I was in my room on the Club Level I was annoyed to realize that the room I was given was nothing like the Club Level room photos shown on their website. They make it look like you're getting a 2 room suite with a living room and bedroom with 2 tv's etc. I got a typical hotel room and a nicely sized bathroom and that's it. Nothing to scream about. I've stayed in nicer. And I too found hair (not mine) all over the bathroom floor and was not pleased with the cleanliness of the room in general.  I have to admit that the Club Level is worth it for access to the Club. It's wonderful for light snacks and it's a beautiful quiet space to just sit in and relax.  I didn't sleep for the 2 nights I was there because the bed in my room was as hard as a rock and the stupid feather pillows flatten like pancakes in about 10 minutes offering no neck support.  For my wedding transportation, I booked a package back in Feb. that included the use of a Mercedes. Two months before my wedding I called the hotel to confirm and was told that the package I had already reserved and paid for was no longer available. I was never contacted by the hotel to alert me of this potentially disasterous mishap. The hotel was nice enough to accomadate me by offering their house car (a very nice Bentley) and a driver which was more than acceptable to me. The day before the wedding I went to the check-in desk to confirm the times the driver needed to take us and pick us up. I was lucky enough to be helped once again by the nice gentlemen that had checked me in earlier. He was very polite and was getting ready to write down the times when out of nowhere the very snotty girl working with him decided to pipe in to rudely tell me that they already knew what time and they were aware of it. I then asked if I would be allowed to bring my photographer into the hotel to take photos and also asked if there would be a rooftop patio on the property that I would be able to access. The nice man said they didn't have a patio, but I might want to check out the pool on the second floor and the girl decided to pipe in again with something about how it probably wasn't what I was looking for. I don't know who she was or why she decided to join in on the conversation that he was handling beautifully, but in my opinion she is not fit for any kind of customer service position anywhere. There is one thing that is kind of confusing about this hotel. There are residences within the property, but no signs letting hotel guests which areas are accessible to them and which areas are not. I had 2 situations where I accidentally roamed into the residential side and the first time I was treated with absolute professionalism and the second time I was treated like I had committed the biggest crime in the world. I was again rudely told that their residents pay a lot of money to live there and deserve to have their private space protected. Which I agree with completely. Put up some signs then! Provide outdoor seating for hotel guests like you do for your residents and maybe hotel guests won't roam the property for a place to sit down! And nevermind the fact that I'm spending over $1,000.00 for my stay!  To sum it up, I wasn't impressed with this hotel at all. I would stay at a Westin for the Heavenly bed alone. The hardest working people at this hotel are the valets and the nice guy with the little glasses at the front desk. That's it. Customer service as a whole has some serious renovating to do. I don't know, maybe I expected way too much. It's kind of like shopping at Saks and paying $100.00 for a t-shirt and finding the same shirt at Marshall's the next day for half price. You kind of feel like a jerk for buying into the hype.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>yamanote
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Ritz Carlton Experience Stayed 4 nights at the RC Dallas on a business trip. The hotel was within 10 minutes walking distance to the major office towers in downtown Dallas. The walk is ok on a nice day.Check in is was very efficient. The front entrance is guarded by door men and valets, so lots of attention is given to arriving guests. The lobby is striking with a large flower and candle display in the center of the floor. A polite bell man showed me to my room, giving an explanation of the hotel and filling the room ice bucket upon arrival. I requested a razor from the bell man (I forgot mine) but it was never delivered - apparently forgotten. In a pinch I was able to buy one later in the hotel gift shop for $2.50. The room was very nice. The bed is very fluffy with an assortment of pillows on hand - hard, soft, feather, non feather. A large flat screen TV and DVD player was provided, along with a fully stocked in room bar (not utilized).The bathroom was spacious, with both a bathtub and shower provided. Hot water was very slow in the shower, taking up to 5 minutes to come out. Soap and amenities are Bulgari, a nice touch but too perfumed for me.In room internet was very fast, true broadband speed. My slingbox test showed about 500 kbps.Room service was very good. The menu is not too extensive and heavy on comfort foods. Both the salad and hamburger menu take up one page each in the menu book. The menu is sufficient for most business and leisure travelers. The bar off the lobby is a great design and very attractive. In the early evening it can get crowded and customers spill out into the lobby. Drinks can be expensive - $15 for a cocktail.The restaurant is similarly well designed. Went for breakfast one morning, but slow service caused me to abandon my table prior to ordering. After 15 minutes and one request my order was not taken and I timed out. Breakfast prices expensive - coffee is $6, bagels over $10. The fitness center is well equiped and perfect for a business traveler.One comment on DFW airport- access to the city is horrible. The choices are shared ride or taxi. Taxi is about $50 to the hotel. Shared ride can take over an hour. Public transportation is basically unavailable. Aside from availability, travel to the airport is fairly quick, about 30 min direct if there is no traffic. Overall I found the Ritz Carlton Dallas to be a very high quality hotel and I would stay there again on future visits to Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rzrback62
<Content>Nice getaway ! Very enjoyable 4 night stay arriving Oct. 2, 2008. Fourth time at this property, but first time to review. Each stay has seen continued service improvements. Spa services last two stays and both times were very satisfactory. First time on club level at this property...very good food choices and good flavor for the most part...room service was extremely prompt and very good. Most staff members seem genuinely eager to please; Maricela in the club lounge was very personable and helpful; Kudos to concierge Dean for his efforts, attention and information...he even offered to go out of the hotel late one night to get my wife a soup the hotel did not have on menu...only negative comment would be when we were preparing to check out...It was exactly noon and we were putting the final touches on packing(maybe would have been 5-10 minutes late) when a young managerial trainee type knocked on the door asking if we required any assistance...he stated that he had already ordered our vehicle pulled up front and had a bellman in tow...I felt he was pushy and was trying to rush us out...what if We wanted to have lunch in the Hotel?!? This incident is all that is between a 4 and 5 experience rating.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eireland49
<Content>Simply the Best Stayed overnight for the Eagles concert the night that Ike came ashore and the experience was incredible start to finish! Dinner at Ferrings with the new Fall menu was outstanding--loved the Foie Gras and the new Halibut preparation; the sommelier Alec picked the perfect wine, service was impeccable. Wish I could eat here every night!Going to the American Airlines Center in the rain--no need to walk or take a cab, Richard will drop you off in the Bentley and pick you up at the appointed time. The bar scene after the concert was ALIVE--who needs entertainment with this kind of people watching and great service from a non-stop, attentive staff. A little work-out in the beautifully appointed gym the next morning and a great buffet breakfast or the chiliqueles (?sp) and you have the perfect weekend thanks to a staff that attends to your every need. NOTE: When we arrived I left my jacket in the car; no problem, the valet retrieved it and dropped it off while we were at dinner!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TallulahB
<Content>Great Service, Comfortable Suite I stayed at the Ritz for one night during a recent business trip. I was upgraded to a junior suite upon check-in. The suite was huge. It included a front hall with coffee service area, a living room space (sofa, arm chair, coffee table), a king bed, and then a hallway which leads to the large closet and large bathroom. There was a separate bath and shower. The shower had a no-fog shaving mirror in it but it was up too high for a short lady like me to even see myself. Double sinks also in the bathroom. My view however was the rooftop of a lower level of the hotel, with some trash on it. Not a nice view. There was an IPOD dock in the room which also served as an alarm clock however it was hooked up to the light switch so it wouldn't work without the lights on. There was a DVD player in the room as well. It was a very nice set-up. The negatives--the bathmats were a little threadworn, one of the faucets was really loose, and I kept stepping on what must have been a tack in the rug by the bathroom. Something sharp sticking out. Also I personally hated the bath products offered. They were Bulgari and smelled of strong perfume. If you are sensitive to scents don't even open the soap. It's really strong. The pluses for this hotel were the staff and service. We were able to use the house car for all our travel needs. We just needed to go short distances within Dallas and were offered the use of the house car which was free, and the driver works for tips. It was a Bentley. It was gorgeous. The concierge worked with us to find a dinner option that would suit both my picky co-worker and me. I made a call for laundry pick-up and they were at my door instantly. They were able to press my suits within an hour. It was very helpful. We received a note from the hotel manager upon check-in and the front desk also left a voicemail to make sure we were happy with our rooms. Business services in the hotel included 2 computer stations and free printing. I didn't have my laptop so not sure about wireless services. There is an ATM onsite hidden behind a door near the front desk and there is also a station there to print out boarding passes from all airlines if need be. Everyone in town recommended the hotel restaurant Fearing's, but we wanted to get out of the building so we didn't try it. But it looked busy.Room service was timely but nothing special. Overall a great business hotel option in Dallas. I would return...just to ride in the Bentley again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>CJAustin
<Content>Improving and Excellent       lobby flowers  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monacoguy1
<Content>Very Nice but not perfect.... I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton of Dallas from 16 to 18 august 2008. The Hotel is absolutely gorgeous inside, very posh. I loved the floral compositions in the big hall.... I really appreciated the services of Steven the bellman who was polite, friendy and efficient. I had a corner room with two windows. The room was very large, so was the bathroom, which had separate bath tun and walk in shower. Separate toilets. Nice Bulgari White tea amenities. Large TV with flat screen. Very good internet connection with cable provided in the drawer of the work table. THe room was on the 6 th floor. The hotel has a total of 8 floors, the floors above are Ritz Residences. I paid about 350 dollars per night for that room. Good room service: I was able to order a bowl of assorted ice creams at 4 :30 am when I got home that sunday morning. It was delivered within 20 minutes with a smile. There was plenty of little bottles of water in the room provided courtesy of the hotel. What could be improved:No slippers in the room and in spite of my calling housekeeping and asking specifically for them nobody brought any. The magnifying mirror affixed to the wall was hanging out because of loose screws... I told the front desk and it was repaired when I got back to my room but not the light about which I had also informed the front desk. THe curtains do not go all the way to the floor and do not overlap , so that in the morning some light filters and may be a nuisance when you went out the night before and want to sleep late . They do not call you by your name at any time.Overall a very nice hotel with friendly staff, but one level below the service one may receive for example in certain Four Seasons.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Austinguytexas
<Content>Great Experience Absolutely wonderful hotel and experience. You must dine at Fearings. We sat across from Troy Aikman at dinner and the chef personally came around several times to see how everything was. We booked and checkin with a Junior Suite including Breakfast and Valet parking, great deal for the price. However, at checkout we were notified that the average ticket for breakfast is only $60-70 per diem and anything over was charged to the room. I was irritated that this was not written or advised when booking the room nor at check in, and the front desk clerk removed the extra charges immediately. Room service for breakfast can easly get to $100 for only two ppl. The Spa was excellent. Would definitely recommend at least one treatment there. The service was impeccable and definitely 5 star. We will definitely be staying again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katiey424
<Content>Staff went above and beyond! We decided to take an in-town vacation and celebrated a special occasion at the Ritz-Carlton Dallas. The service was impeccable. Every staff member greeted us and went out of their way to make our short stay special.The spa was fantastic - even if you don't get a service, I highly recommend buying a day pass to use the whirlpool, steam room, pool, and sauna - don't forget the relaxation room!The staff must have realized we were celebrating, because they sent up a special treat for us to enjoy during our stay - it was these small gestures that really showed the dedication that the hotel has to it's guests. There is construction going on but we heard absolutely NO noise whatsoever. Our room was large and had a fabulous bathroom with a great amenity kit. We didn't want to leave!The hotel is quite close to several wonderful restaurants and museums. We will be back soon!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sahdoggiemom
<Content>Great Winter Weekend Getaway This review is several months overdue, but my husband and I visited the Ritz Carlton in January for our 7th anniversary weekend. From the moment we checked in, we received nothing but the best of service. We were upgraded to a very large suite (with a TV in the bathroom, no less) and received congratulatory chocolates and a card a few minutes after getting into the room.Our rate included club floor access, which was fantastic. We joked that the next time we stayed there, we'd just take all of our meals on the club floor. Since it was wintertime, and a weekend...it wasn't busy at all. We were big fans of the dessert presentation and champagne every evening, and the actual club lounge was well appointed and - comfortable.The valets were of great help grabbing a taxi for us when the McKinney Avenue Trolley failed to show up, after waiting for 30+ minutes across the street. One evening we had drinks in the lobby bar outside Fearing's and were treated to free samples of guacamole and Fearing's signature prickly pear margarita. I have avoided tequila like the plague since I was 23, but even I could say it was an outstanding margarita. It has taken us eight months, but we're finally getting around to actually dining at Fearing's next weekend.The hotel had only been open for a couple of months when we stayed there, and I didn't feel hardly any of the growing pains the Dallas area has been susceptible to with all of the new hotel openings. I found the RC employees to be friendly and helpful, and they were even the inspiration for three papers in one of my MBA Marketing courses that semester.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mike10902
<Content>IT'S WORTH THE PRICE It was better than I expected. You never know if a five star hotel will be stuffy? But it wan not. From the moment we arrived, the service was great. When we walked up the front desk, they already knew our name. The food was great and the sevice excellent. Any disappointment in service was minor. They didn't do turn down service the first night. I called the front desk and they brought us some chocalate candy. They do serve french press coffee in the restaurant and bar but you can add hot water if you like it milder as I do. The coffee and tea in the room was fine. The rooms are very spacious and well furnished. The windows are large and the views nice. The pool size was adequate and the service there good. Watch our for the food and drink prices at the pool as they add a service charge. My Coor's Light with the service charge and tax was $10.63. The next day I drank water. I was amazed at how many people work there. It seems most hotels try to hire as few as people as possible. Not the Dallas Ritz Carlton. I stayed during the fourth of July weekend at a reduced holiday rate and my wife and I highly recommend it. The location even though it is closed to downtown is very good. You can ride the free trolley down to the West Village.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>pimptown
<Content>OPULENCE!!!!! This hotel was located in a very nice area of town off of I-75.I really like the service at the hotel because they catered to your every whim...I wanted to soak my feet after a hard day and they sent up flowers floating in a pan of hot water for my feet (at no charge). Rooms were very well appointed in bronze, gold and white decor. ....BEDS were VERY high, cozy and comfy...they use feather beds. Bathrooms are very spacious with a room for the toilet, separate shower, and bath tub....on all marble floors.Two lush bath robes awaited me on the bed with fluffy slippers!!! Nice touch.No rooms are located near the elevator...whoooo!They even used designer soap, shampoos and body gel (Sorry, I like that kinda stuff).Workout facility was HIGH TECH and very nice view while working out...bring your head phones.They had an outside garden and pond which my dogs LOVED.Bad Parts: Food was just ok and nothing spectacular. The doors are very heavy and you can hear other's door close from your room. Long hall way before you get to your bed.Spa on the second floor was so, so and nothing to write home about.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nyeze
<Content>Very nice First time in Dallas so can't compare to other hotels. Big rooms. Great service. One of the best Ritz Carltons I've stayed at. Rooms have big windows --- allows for a lot of natural light. Business center is not really a business center -- some cubicles with desktop computers. Still it has everything you need -- internet access, copier and printer. Best part is it's all free. Didn't have dinner at the hotel restaurant but it looked packed and very active -- looked like there were a lot of non-guests hanging around the bar -- very vibrant. Only stayed one night for business. Near perfect experience.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>clkc86
<Content>Hot!!??! hmmmmmmm No doubt this is a nice hotel. In some aspects this is a fantastic hotel. However we had a few problems. My husband and I spent 2 nights here in order to attend a concert at the American Airlines Center (which is within walking distance) and to celebrate his birthday. Initially I booked the room online, but decided to upgrade to the Club level. To do this I called the hotel directly. The lady on the phone was very helpful in getting this accomplished. In addition to moving to the club level she was able to offer us a corner room for the same price. Our corner room was very nice (724). It had views in 2 directions.The bathroom was a very nice size and had a double vanity. The room was very clean and I really liked the big closet. Our problems came in the service arena. We made reservations for Fearings. The only openings they had were early or late. We took the late opening. When we finally found the restaurant hostess desk through the huge bar crowd, it took minutes for either hostess to acknowledge us. We were told a table was not currently available, but should be soon and they would come find us in the huge crowd when a table was free.(really?) After 20 minutes, we decided to check back, again in took minutes to be acknowledged and told it would just be a few more minutes. Told another guy the same thing. When we finally decided to leave and order room service we informed the hostess we were leaving, we were offered a drink but please, it is approaching 11pm, we had been travelling and were tired and just wanted to have a nice dinner. It seemed obvious to us that they were not too concerned with the hotel guests. So we went up to the room and ordered room service which arrived quickly and wasn't bad. When we finished we called to have the cart packed up and removed from the room. It shouldn't take more than 1 call to get this accomplished at a Ritz-Carlton. No one ever came. We finally got the cart near the door and there it stayed until the next day. Gross. There was no where to put the cart outside the room without going halfway down the hall with it. So my advise if you do want to try the highly touted restaurant, call early for a reasonable reservation time. We found the house keeping staff to be friendly. The club personnel were OK. Other guests usually had them tied up and we were not able to have much interaction with them. For some presentations we hoped for a bit larger selection of food items. This trip was a splurge for us and for the price paid I expect better service than we experienced. We loved the room and it felt luxurious, just wish the service had been just as luxurious.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>wubbleNJ
<Content>Top Notch Ritz A recent four night stay at the Ritz Carlton Dallas was about as good as it gets in the world of business hotels. Physically the hotel is very well maintained and handsomely decorated, with loads of marble and rich woods evident in the lobby and guest rooms. The check in experience was quick, professional and flawless. My room was large, comfortable and well equipped. I especially appreciated the large flat panel TV, clock radio with iPod dock and easy-to-use safe. The wireless access in the room was easy to configure, though I could never get the wired version to work. The gym was very nice for a hotel fitness center too, with new equipment with built in TV monitors. My one beef is that the lobby bar can get crazy busy, so if you're looking to relax with a cocktail you may be better off somewhere else.As nice as the physical setting was, I think the service was particularly distinguished. Every request was greeted with a smile and it was clear that the employees were dedicated to pleasing their customers. A few examples: I asked for a NY Times instead of USA Today on day 2. When day 3 brought the unwanted USA Today to my door, I called downstairs and within a minute or two a bellman was at my door with the Times and profuse apologies. Later during my stay that same bellman greeted by name when I encountered him again. When I asked an employee where the restrooms were in the banquet area, rather than just tell me, she escorted me there. The concierge prepared hand written directions to local attractions in alternate versions, one if I were walking, and another if I were taking the tram since I hadn't made up my mind. I hadn't stayed in a Ritz for a while, but it was good to be back.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BSB21
<Content>The Best in the USA!       Presidential Suite!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gwizz
<Content>This Ritz is fabulous!! I just returned from a weekend stay at the Ritz Carlton in Dallas. The property has been open about 7 months. From the initial greeting on the driveway unitl we left the property it was a fabulous experience. I have stayed at many RC properties and this one is the best so far. We had a junior suite (#831) it was spacious, well appointed and very clean. Minor complaint was the coffee maker was not working and the bedside clock had a short in it. The bathroom was seperate tub and shower with double vanities and storage space and very well lit for ladies.The closet was big and there is a chest of drawers in the room for clothes, too. The room was immaculate. We used the spa and facilities. Very accomodating and the couples reconnect package is awesome and romantic. Gabriel is a terrific massage therapist. Spa facilities are nice, new and clean. Room service wil deliver food to the spa for a meal in the relaxation room. The hotel pool is very pretty and has dining available poolside from room service. The restaurant on property, Fearings is an absolute must. Dean Fearing himself came to our table to talk to us and make sure everything was to our liking and to just talk, The food is very, very good. Expensive, but creative, top-notch and innovative cuisine. The surroundings of the restaurant vary depending on which area you sit in. There is an outside patio and bar with a fireplace that was packed with all the Beautiful people. Just people watching from the restaurant was fun. The Mavs had an event there the same night so a lot of them were on property. The rattlesnake bar is a nice place to sit and have a drink before the crowds arrive. The Ritz serves mini margaritas and guacomole nachos from 6-6:30 each evening in the lobby to it's guests. Afternoon tea was available to guests at 2PM. The lobby is beautiful as is the whole property. Location is suberb. AA Center/Victory Park is a 3 block walk, the museums are 1 block and the trolley runs through the area. This property should do very well.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Armorstud
<Content>Exceeds Expectations       seperate bedroom with closing door  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mhp6
<Content>The Wonderful Ritz! Just returned from a wonderful long weekend at the Ritz! My spouse and I were travelling with two other couples, and we all generally stay at the Mansion. I must say, the Ritz will give them a run for their money! It was absolutely gorgeous! A few notes, it is definitely worth the extra money to stay on the club level. It is a beautiful layout, special in every way, and the staff is unbelievably attentive. The downstairs bar is a really fun place to sit and have a drink...not the typical young 20's Dallas crowd. The rooms are lovely, as are the bathrooms! A great new addition to Dallas!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dmitri-TX
<Content>Service. Service. Service. The best way to describe this hotel is the level of service it provides starting from valet, to front desk, to concierge, to room service, to spa. At every level service exceeded our high expectations and delivered a very memorable stay.The property itself is gorgeous: beautiful rooms and common areas, awesome luxury spa. The hotel is squeaky clean with super comfortable beds.You will never regret staying in this Ritz.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Top-notch-Tastes
<Content>A nice weekend escape       TV in mirror, interesting  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dingo2182
<Content>Great, but not perfect The hotel just opened recently, and I had my first stay last week. It's beautiful, from the rooms to the outdoor (enclosed in January) patio bar area. For me, the best part was the extremely comfortable beds and HDTV's. And it actually had HD channels (not like alot of other hotels, who have the fancy TV's with no HD channel, so what's the point?). However, maybe their still going through some glitches since they opened. When I checked in, I requested a wake up call at 6:30am (and watched the lady write it down). I woke up at 5am to an incorrect wake up call. Also, a couple of the days the water for the shower was cold for 5+ minutes, until it would suddenly warm up. Other than that, the gym was excellent and the restaurant was great too (although over priced). I'll try the Crescent or Zaza next time, but may go back since its extremely close to the office. Overall, I would say its a great hotel but not quite up there in perfection yet.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Globaladventure
<Content>Luxury without a personality I think the Ritz Carlton is experiencing a modern problem. It is a very nice hotel. Beautifully decorated, with well trained and courteous staff. However, it seems to have been pulled straight out of a how to build and run a luxury hotel box - just follow the simple to use instructions! Ritz Carlton have a great formula, but here is an example that they are resting on their laurels. There is no attempt to up the game, or push boundaries.The highlight of the hotel is Fearings. Dean is THE celebrity chef of Dallas. It was a real coup for the Ritz to lure him away from the Mansion on Turtle Creek. The menu reflects the hype and we ate there a number of times and were consistently impressed. The staff were also very friendly and efficient. My only critisim would be that breakfast is not as slick as lunch, or dinner - service was a little slow. The restaurant is split into three dining areas. An open plan kitchen style, a more formal dining room and a conservatory. The bar scene was very busy on Thursday and Friday nights. It is supposedly the place to be seen in Dallas. Maybe if you come from a small country town - but it did not rock my boat.I had a lovely corner room. It certainly had everything you would expect from a luxury hotel. Stand out points were the oversized bathroom and HD TV. Decor was not my taste - a bit too old fashioned.There is a large gym, with good equipment. The spa is also very good and extensive. I had one treatment and my therapist was excellent.I would definitely recommend the Ritz Carlton. Especially if you are in Dallas on business and want efficient service and ammenities. I would not say it is a hotel that will last in your memories.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>NewEnglandGrapefruit
<Content>Nice but some rough edges This is a good and promising hotel, but some of the basic services were uneven or neglected. I expect more perfection from this property at these rates. That said, I'd be happy to stay here again.I stayed 6 nights alone in a Deluxe room. The room was spacious with a lovely view, and the furniture and appointments were all high quality and attractive. The bed was quite comfortable. I would have liked another chair perhaps, and some artwork on a relatively blank wall would have been nice, but it was a very pleasant space. Room service (breakfast) was excellent, and staff were very nice and accommodating when I encountered them.The rough edges:- I was delighted to see a coffeemaker in the room, with two doses of coffee. But after two days they had not noticed that I was actually drinking it, and I had to ask them to deliver more. Minor, of course, unless you don't notice it until 6am!- There was no room service menu in the room and I had to call and request one.- I like to sleep in a coldish room and set the temperature to 60 or so (outside temp at night probably 40s). In fact this was somewhat important because the bed had a top sheet and then a duvet, which tended to make me warm. I felt like the room temperature really never dropped that much (the wall unit did not tell you the current temperature, only the set point), and the A/C unit sometimes had a spasm of dull clunking when starting up. Pretty distracting.- Footsteps at 6am from above, hard shoes on hard floor. My room was carpeted so I'm not sure what was upstairs. I'm very surprised that this brand-new building allows this sort of sound to travel between floors. Earplugs to the rescue.- At one point the hotel staff wanted to deliver me a message about my stay, and so they sent me what they call a text message -- delivered somehow through their voice mail system. Using the messages button on my room phone, the robot said something like to retrieve your text messages, press 5. When I pressed 5, it transferred me to another line that rang forever with no pickup. After 2 days of having all 3 of the phones in the room blinking madly and brightly (think nighttime), I asked the front desk to make it stop. I mentioned that my attempt to retrieve the message sent me into phone purgatory, but I'm not sure they picked up on the need to investigate this whole system's reliability. I really don't get the concept. Just leave me a voice message!- I couldn't figure out how to make the TV display the signal from the provided DVD player, after pressing many buttons. I called the front desk for assistance, asking to speak to someone who knew how to work it. They forwarded my call to engineering when I ended up in an apparently off-duty employee's voice mailbox (8:30 pm). This was not helpful. - $10/day for WiFi. While not exactly a rough edge, it's extremely peculiar to me that the high end hotels all charge for this and the lower end hotels never do.- One of the things about this level of hotel is the huge amounts of staff hanging around wanting to greet and help you. On one occasion I must have seen 8 staff members lingering in the front vestibule -- they weren't in the way, but it seemed like overkill. The doors themselves are somewhat heavy, and there is no power assist on them. The theory must be that the plentiful staff means you rarely have to handle them. Except that the staff aren't always there! I'd say I had to open at least one of the doors about 1/4 of the time coming and going. When I arrived at 1am from a late flight, there was no one in sight. Now I don't mind opening doors!-- even with my luggage, these weren't bad. But I did find myself wondering how elderly guests feel about this. I think a wheelchair-bound person would have to just sit and wait until someone wandered by and saw them...  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>clementine05
<Content>Perfectly Nice Ritz We stayed at the Ritz for one night in a room with two queen beds. The room was not amazing, but was perfectly nice -- slightly on the small side but decorated well. I was surprised that we did not have a deep soaking tub (shouldn't that be standard in any room at a Ritz???), so if that is important to you, ask before booking. The service was excellent -- we had some minor problems with our room which were fixed immediately. Check in/out etc. were smooth and everyone we encountered was polite/friendly/helpful. FYI -- this is a business hotel w/o a property -- it is not like other Ritz's with wonderful grounds and views etc. Fearing's restaurant is also good, although for the price there are other places in Dallas that I enjoy more (Abacus, Mansions, Stephen Pyles, Bijoux, etc.). Another thing worth mentioning is that I thought was a a bit tacky that there was a fee to use the hot tub (it is part of the spa, and not near the pool area) and a fee to take a class at the gym. In my opinion, if you are paying a lot of $ to stay at the Ritz, these things should be included. If you are coming to Dallas -- esp. for business -- this is a perfectly nice and not outrageously priced place to stay. However, I would not call it an amazing or unique experience, esp. for the well-traveled.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>blaq
<Content>Loved it Very clean rooms, staff were awsome! I will likely go again one day . The food was great, and it had a spunk of different cultures!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aristophanesny
<Content>Awesome Stayed 2 nights over Thanksgiving holiday to watch the football game in town. We (group of 6 guys) stayed on the club level. We had two rooms - one regular and one suite that were adjoining. The hotel is brand new and the rooms are amazing. They are very well appointed and they were very spacious - plenty of room for 6 guys. The bed, tv's, bathrooms, bath amenities, etc... were all first rate. The club was very nice as well. Very comfortable with typical (excellent) RC club offerings. Service was excellent as well. Staff was very accomodating and worked professionally, yet in a personal, casual manner. Did not have a chance to explore other areas of the hotel (e.g., pool, restaraunt), but the lobby and check-in very nice and check-in was a breeze. Dropped into the rattlesnake bar for a quick few drinks and it was very nice and people were super friendly. All experiences with staff were first rate RC quality. Location was in the middle of the city (as far as I could tell) and several bars/restaraunts as well as shopping were all within easy walking distance.I would definitely reccomend this hotel for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peonies18
<Content>OK stay I visited the hotel with a group of friends for a celebration weekend. Dean Fearing's restuarant was FABULOUS! The food and atmosphere could not have been better. The waitstaff in both the dining room and bar gave excellent service as well.Wish our hotel experience could have been the same. We checked in to find the room a bit untidy. There was someone else's trash in the trashcans and visible dust on the furniture surfaces. I completely agree with previous review that the pool area is lacking big time. Unattractive and pool attendant not helpful. We asked if an umbrella could be moved to give us partial shade and were told no. We did it ourselves. Drink service beyond slow.Each time room service was ordered, it arrived either incorrect or missing condiments, etc.  I would consider one of the other luxury hotels in the area on a future visit.....  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>doormark
<Content>up to it's reputation New hotel downtown Dallas. Our family had a suite on the Club level. Everything was as a Ritz should be. No bargains here, though. Our suite was 700+ each night ( my wife and teenaged daughters insisted it was worth it !)Club level food was pretty good. We had one complaint and it seemed the entire hotel mobilized to take care of it. The restaurant (Dean Fearing's--he's of Mansion on Turtle Creek fame) was excellent and beautiful with several rooms, each with a different atmosphere, and there were many tables outside adjacent to a beautiful fountain and reflecting pool. Chef Dean Fearing circulated through the restaurant talking and laughing with guests. I look forward to having a party of eight at the chef's table some evening. Make reservations early.The outside bar was packed every night with 30-to-50+-year olds looking for a great time. Nice fireplace and fountains and very good service, even when crowded. Seemed like the place to be this fall.We found Ritz luxury, service, and extraordinary courtesy on the part of the staff.I highly recommend for business or leisure, especially if you like staying in for a great dinner and bar some nights.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sailorgirlmn
<Content>Beautiful hotel, excellent service The Dallas Ritz Carlton had only been open a few weeks when we stayed, but you would never have known it except for the groups of hotel trainees going through training in the meeting rooms next to ours. Rooms were beautiful and spacious, dining options all excellent. Common areas such as the lobby, bar and area between the meeting rooms were beautifully furnished and the flowers were spectacular. This is a beautiful venue for a meeting, wedding...  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UncleVictor
<Content>A truly outstanding experience! During the inaugural weekend for The Ritz-Carlton Dallas, I booked a Club Executive Suite and a Club Deluxe Room for my family. We actually live in the Dallas area, but I wanted to see for myself if this newest addition to the luxury hotel scene in Dallas measured up to the other Ritz-Carlton properties (New York Central Park, Bachelor Gulch, Boston Common and Washington, D.C.) that we have enjoyed so immensely in the past. I've pleased to report that The Ritz-Carlton Dallas met and even exceeded my expectations. And this was after the hotel had only been open a couple of days! We were greeted with a warm Texas welcome by the doorman, bellman and front desk staff as we arrived for the weekend. Check-in went very smoothly, and we were promptly escorted to and shown our adjoining suite and room. Throughout our stay, every single staff member we encountered made us glad that we were staying at a hotel that obviously emphasizes the philosophy of making guests feel welcome and at home. The hotel management even left a welcoming gift for us in our rooms. The public areas of the hotel are elegant yet inviting. I especially liked the modern art mixed with the traditional decor in those areas. The rooms are very spacious, extremely comfortable and well appointed. Our rooms even had in-mirror televisions in the bathrooms! We probably would have been perfectly content had we stayed in our rooms all weekend. The fitness center rivals that of any other hotel I've ever seen (very spacious with lots of machines and equipment), and the well-designed pool area is most inviting. The food presentations in the Club Lounge were tempting and enticing, and all of us made multiple trips there to partake of the offerings. The hotel is located in the Uptown area of Dallas, and several great restaurants are within walking distance. Fearing's Restaurant is located in the hotel, and we enjoyed a wonderful Sunday brunch there during our stay. The selections were sophisticated yet true to the Dean Fearing's well-known Southern roots. The scene at the Rattlesnake Bar (part of the restaurant) on Friday and Saturday nights looked exciting, although our group (which included my teenage nephew and my tween-age niece) didn't participate. Although it wasn't open yet during the first few days after the hotel opened, the spa has since opened, and I have already become a regular visitor. It is very very large (12,000 square feet, I believe) as well as peaceful, clean and relaxing. The men's locker room is one of the nicest I've ever seen in the many hotel spas I've visited over the years. Marcus, one the massage therapists, provides one of the best treatments you will ever experience. The entire staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. All in all, I can enthusiastically recommend The Ritz-Carlton Dallas to anyone visiting Dallas for pleasure, business or a mixture of the two. My family enjoyed our stay so much that we've already booked a return visit during the Christmas holidays.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bellaherna
<Content>Lovely Ritz Carlton My husband  I just returned from our stay. We booked directly with the hotel's online reservations. I had mentioned to a staff member via email when inquiring about specific spa services that my husband  i would be celebration our 10th ann  his bday. In the evening after we had checked in they had brought up a lovely chocolate  fruit desert which we thoroughly enjoyed. The entire staff was very helpful  cheery. Beautiful hotel. This is a new hotel so it was neat being the first one to stay in our room. It is in good location. We either walked were we wanted to go or took the trolley. We did have to take cabs a few times for a few things. Increase the cab rate about $5-$15 from what the hotel tells you. They said cab would be $35 from airport--it was $48. They said cab would be $15 to Northpark Mall--it was $22. Food in Ritz restaurant--ok, this was a disappointment for us. To ecclectic  just not very good. But service was great  again when they found out we were celebrating our ann./bday they brought us out these complimentary little deserts which were very good. Spa----excellant! If I had to come up with a complaint on this hotel it would only be that in our room the TV was on the dresser to the side of the bed rather than in front so if you are watching a movie, after awhile it becomes uncomfortable. But this was minor.Overall--we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. Dallas--well, not too much to do......  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tiffanyfig
<Content>Brand New Ritz This is a beautiful, brand new hotel in a great area in Dallas. Four of us went for my husband's birthday during the hotel's grand opening weekend (which may explain some of the service issues). We had a lovely time. The rooms (even the standards) are incredibly large, with well-planned, spacious bathrooms. The decor of the rooms is pretty stuffy and boring, but what you'd expect from a Ritz. The lobby and common spaces are very beautiful, but Fearing's restaurant is stunning. We had dinner here and the food and service were incredible. Afterward, we went to the bar off the lobby (the outside bar wasn't open yet, but looked cool). It was packed, and had a great time people-watching and enjoying drinks poured by the very generous bartenders. What doesn't work at this hotel is the pool. It looks like not much thought went into it. It's actually pretty ugly out there. There weren't enough lounge chairs and only one waiter. We had to wait 20-30 minutes for drinks, including water. If you're a pool person stay somewhere else. Our other gripe is the fact that there was no doorman. We had to struggle with the heavy doors while juggling our bags, which is not what you expect from the Ritz. On the way out someone offered to carry our friend's suit bag, which was never put in his car. The bag finally reached him about a week and five angry phone calls later.We would definitely stay here again, if only to experience Fearing's and the fun bar scene again. If you're looking for a luxe, hip hotel with a great restaurant and bar, and outstanding service, try the Palomar.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

