<Author>mariemanati_PR
<Content>Beautiful surroundings, the landscaping is superb! This was intended to be an early anniversary weekend (my husband was leaving the country to serve in the army overseas). We got there at 8:30 pm, the check-in was pleasant. We had a deluxe room w/ a king size bed, no balcony or view from the room, but if you want a breathtaking viewe, just go to the lobby and look at the pool and the beach. They both seem to be next to each other. When we got to the room I noticed that some of the lamps did not have bulbs, so called front desk and in less than five minutes our small problem was resolved. The only complaint that I have is that there is no carpet, and the floor gets too cold to walk barefoot. and there should be more pillows, 'cause one small pillow is not good enough to watch tv.Let's talk about the food, la brassa rest. serves delicious breakfast buffet. You start with fresh fruits, yogurt w/granolla, oatmeal, english muffins, then you have scramble eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, sausages, pancakes, cold cereal, juice and coffee. With this breakfast you can skip lunch, as we did.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. We went to Cabo Rojo to El Combate Beach, and ate at Joyuda, its not far from Mayaguez. Overall we had a wonderful weekend. I would absolutely go back, well when my husband comes from the Middle East.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RiveraSanchez
<Content>Amazing! Breathtaking and a very nice place to be at and relax!       My Room  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>charliechoo2
<Content>Loved This Resort! Relaxing, beautiful setting. Wonderful pool right at the ocean's edge. Comfortable rooms. Friendly staff. Excellent food in the restaurant.I would go back to this resort in a heartbeat. I met lots of travelers and we all loved our choice. I had one of the most relaxing weeks of my life. Lots of fun things to do in a close proximity. I was able to boogie board and scuba at nearby locations. But I almost always ended my night by relaxing in the jacuzzi with a cocktail from the bar. My travel companion and I highly recommend this place for a week of pure bliss.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susiecruiser
<Content>Avoid This one Just wanted to say We went to this hotel family of 4. Our Plane was late so our Sister got the key for us. When we arrived there was no one at the front desk we went to our room, VERY TIRED, and wanted to sleep, Room smelled very musty, this is most likely due to the tropics but had this smell, IF your asthmatic I would not go there. BUT after pulling the covers down and finding a infestation of ANTS there was no way we were going to stay. So we went to the FARO that was close to the airport and it was A-1The management would not refund our money for the rest of the stay, We would have paid for the first day, HOWEVER this was not a cancellation it was due to BUGS and smell. Travel Agent called also and the manager was not budging so I could not recommend this one. BUt Highly recommend the Faro.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>natlee408
<Content>What can I say, it grew on me       view of the pool and nearby beach front  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>traveliteVA
<Content>Rest and Relaxation - ONLY       RBR Room Oceanview  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Bailey58
<Content>Loved the beach A nice hotel off the beaten path. Walked for a mile on the beach and only saw 2 people. Housekeeping staff pleasant but cannot communicate well if you only speak english. Kept asking for 2 washcloths for bathroom and each day we would get three towels and one washcloth. Had to race to the shower each morning to keep my wife guessing. Beware of the snack bar. Ate lunch and the waitress came over and asked if we would like a refill on our soda's. The three refills and the two original soda's came with a price tag of $20. a bit pricey. Allow ample travel time for meals. There were no other restaurants, outside of the hotel's, in close proximity. Scenery makes up for a lot of the shortfalls.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>mzmelinda
<Content>Boring!!! First the good: This resort looks good in photos, rooms are basic yet clean, pool is ok, beach front is ok, clear water, although not blue water.Now the bad: BORING, BORING, BORING!!! until the last day of our stay, the pool side bar and pool side grill were closed, deathly quiet except birds and frogs, no light festive music in backgrouind at all. Jacuzzi had cold water, most ocean view balconies are blocked by palm trees, the sun sets past a mountain that blocks that view, so you have to drive more westward to catch it. Bartenders could not make a decent drink, no one knew what a martini was. On-site restaurant pricey with bad tasting food. Staff quick to have an I don't know look when asked about lack of amenities, I actually heard one tell another guest, the pool bar will open when they have customers, he was like we are customers! Bottom line: didn't feel like a resort at all, felt like a hotel. Thank Goodness we rented a car, we left the resort daily trying to find things to do and decent food to eat. Only used the resort to sleep, except the last day when everything was finally open. By the way, you will find the West side of the island is more rustic and laid back in general. Many roads are not well marked, most places do not have actual addresses! We had to use GPS, iphone google maps and the paper map from the visitor guide to locate places to visit, and even so, many times were lost, however we actually still had fun exploring. So honestly, if the Rincon Beach resort had been more pleasurable, we probably wouldn't have explored as much and had as much fun, but next time if I just need somewhere to sleep, I could have saved a lot of money elsewhere. By the way, The Lazy Parrot had a cool atmosphere and nice restaurant, but if you are looking for 4-5 stars, it's probably not for you. Honest rating for Rincon Beach resort would be 2.5 stars.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	2	4	

<Author>Coqui55
<Content>A little slice of paradise Small resort but very nice. The rooms and the pool needs remodeling. However, the staff was very pleasant. We enjoyed the beach very much. They are remodeling the place in September 08, so after that it should be very nice. The restaurant is very nice too.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CueGF
<Content>Wonderful Time / Beautiful Property My wife, two children (8 and 10), and I just spent one wonderful week at the Rincon Beach Resort (02 鈥?08 July). The Room:We stayed in room 307 (double queen) so we had a view of the pool and beach. The room was very clean and the housekeeping staff did a great job straightening it up for us every day (no matter what time we strolled out in the morning or afternoon). The room was very comfortable and accommodated the four of us very well. If you are used to numerous amounts of fluffy pillows you may want to bring some extras. If you plan on coming back to the room wet, you may want to turn down or turn off the A/C before you leave because it works very, very, very well...brrrrrr.The Staff:Every single staff member from Manager to handy man was extremely friendly. The front desk staff was extremely helpful, attentive, and always cheerful. The young ladies working the Pool Bar were really top notch and friendly, even though they were constantly being soaked by 鈥渟wim by鈥檚鈥? The same young ladies rotated duties at the Pelican Grill right by the pool so the wonderful service continued. The staff at the Brasas Grill were also very friendly and accommodating. Resort Management was always on hand and constantly patrolled the area to ensure everything was running smoothly.The Property:The resort grounds were very beautiful and manicured. Just a few steps from the lobby was the pool and the beach just a few steps from that. The pool was very comfortable and had a great range of depth for all ages. The beach area was very clean and the water was calm and inviting, great for the little ones. There were plenty of lounge chairs for everyone. Although there were limited recreational water equipment we still did some paddle boating (you better have a team oriented family for this one) and kayaking. The Food:Our intent was to go out and explore the Puerto Rico so we only ate at the local facilities a few times, but the few times we did we were very impressed! We had dinner and breakfast at the Brasas Grill. Dinner was amazing, the Caribean themed food choices really hit the spot. I had the filet and my wife had the seafood mofongo (she is Puerto Rican and loves mofongo and she was surprised that this may have been the best she ever tasted!). They even had a kids selection which although sounded familiar (cheeseburger, chicken, mac and cheese) was not dulled down in anyway. The mac and cheese my daughter had was really good and my son's cheeseburger had some real substance to it. We also ate at the Pelican Grill once. We had the appetizer mix which was great and I had the burger which was huge and delicious.All in all we had a wonderful time at the resort and the surrounding areas of Aguada. This was a great place to just lounge and relax or if you want to explore the island and use it as a base camp. I definitely don't agree with any of the negative comments about the resort and hope that my review helps.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Blcakcats2
<Content>NIce, but only secluded for Monday to Friday mornings! Our vacation started at this hotel and we found that it is nice enough to stay for a brief period. We stayed from Wednesday until Saturday morning and we were glad to be checking out then. Our experience evidenced that until late Thursday afternoon ... early evening, guests recieve the attention of the hotel staff; however, this all changes with the arrival of the San Juan crew. Late Thursday's into Friday the hotel becomes very busy with the arrival of young (20's to 30's and possibly 40's) professioinals from San Juan who come to party!!!!!! The hotel staff issues blue bands for all guest to wear, the police begin to partol the beach via boat and horsebac k and hotel security is increased to be very visisble. Unfortunately, as the San Juan crew unwinded, the Friday evening noise rose and continued until 3:00 am with loud arguments, audible shouted profanity in the hallways outside bedrooms, breaking glass, and inoperable elevators to contend with the following morning. A word to the wise, if you go, book your vacation to leave on (or by) Friday morning and head back to San Juan to enjoy the fine dining, casinos and clubs found there since you will not sleep well due to the noise ongoing outside your room.Good things to say about the resort.....enjoy breakfast every day in the hotel's restaurant. Everything was very good, prepared correctly, bountiful, restocked quickly, and the coffee was enjoyable. In fact, breaksfast was so large, you could almost skip lunch with a quick snack later on. Use the pool in the morning and head to the beaches in the afternoon. Also, see Rincon, drive the roads and seek out the other beaches in the area.....Tres Hermanos is the last of the surfing beaches and is well worth the trip.Enjoy a late snack or early dinner at Tamboo. Tamboo sits right on the beach, a great palce to watch the waves and they welcomed many a drenched customer who came in to escape a sudden downpour. The staff did not make a fuss regarding the hassle of taking in refugees, moved tables to make room for all, offerred towels to dry people off, and never once made a guest feel that they had overstayed their welcome while the rain continued.Also. seek out Casa Islena Inn in Rincon (it is locted near Tamboo). This island inn offers an excellent Tapas bar in late afternoon, which was wonderful.One last comment about Rincon Beach Resort .... a previous reviewer had mentioned that all rooms are Garden Rooms. However, this is not true. Our room was 459, which overlooked tha parking lot thus receiving some highway noise and it did not have a balcony.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>herrera139
<Content>Wasn't horrible/Wasn't Great Just got back a few days ago - nice hotel on attractive property. Staff was good. Beach very nice, especially during the afternoon hours when you just wanted to sit on the lounge chair and watch the sun go down. Rooms were nice, not spectacular, average. If you are truly looking for down time with nothing to do, this area of Rincon will suit you fine. Sleepy town, no fancy restaurants, not very well built up. My issue with beach and pool area not well kept. Leftover plates of food, used towels, etc... it wasn't a total dump, but wasn't nice to see. The staff should really be on top of keeping the area clean. If possible fly into a local airport - the 2 1/2 drive from San Juan is very long and this resort is not worth the drive. You can find a resort just as nice or nicer with half the drive.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>maggy376
<Content>Beautiful grounds My family and I stayed at Rincon Beach Resort for my sister's Wedding. We really loved the location, the views are absolutely beautiful! Our pictures were amazing, the sunset was breathtaking. The pool was very nice as well. Unfortunately, we did not have the oppurtunity to sit for dinner, however while out having fun on the beach we ordered tasty empanadas and other light appetizers.....they were delicious!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trish07Colorado
<Content>very little service at Rincon Beach Resort The location of the Rincon Beach Resort is beautiful and peaceful. However, there is almost no service, the staff was very unfriendly. We were in two different rooms and it appears they all need a really good cleaning. The drapes were dirty with hand prints and looked as though they hadn't been cleaned in several years.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenialexis
<Content>Great weekend getaway I am sad to hear that some people did not enjoy their stay...I loved this place. The hotel itself is nice and clean. Our room was great, with a full ocean view, which is amazing in the morning or at sunset when you want to relax and sip your pina colada watching the sky. But what I absolutely must comment on is the coffee you get at breakfast. It was delicious! Even I, a New Yorker, was impressed and kept asking for refills. I absolutely recommend renting a car and driving around Rincon, which has great places to eat and see. A must do is a famous snack shack on the beach in Isabela. Don't miss their cuchifritos - you'll lick your fingers over and over again :)  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BillyJoe62
<Content>Beloved jewel beginning to tarnish My family has stayed at Rincon Beach Resort for vacation over several years (7+ yrs). We have found the Junior Suites rooms that are poolside to be quite nice (or at least nicer) and have generally enjoyed the out of the way, quiet location.However, this time we booked a 2 room suite in the tower. The room was quite large, but the furnishings are VERY worn out. The room smelled very musty (it was mold in the furnishings) and they had to spray the room daily to keep the odor down.From the different rooms that I've stayed in, I don't sense that furnishings have been updated at all in any rooms that I have stayed in over the years since the hotel opened (significant scratches on wood furniture, subtle tears in curtains, worn fabrics on seating,...). THis was a radical difference from the quality of the San Juan Marriott (very high quality) that we stayed at this time as well - not what I expect from a Rincon Beach Resort that touts it's acclaimed amenities. (also, can't compare western style service to this. You've gone native here - service can be indifferent - very uneven standards - it's a boutique!)On the outside, the setting is very pretty and grounds and exterior are generally well maintained. The pool is the largest and deepest that we've found on the west coast of Puerto Rico. My son likes the small deep end (~5-6 ft). Most pools around the area are small and have no deep end.BUT:  * The pool STILL has EXTENSIVE black algae problems - they DO NOT maintain the pool well. * One day we were there, the jacuzzi was deep green! THey didn't bother closing it. Another algae problem that they reduced by the next day, but SHEESH!Also, if you book when there is a major event occurring, events are held in the open courtyard. The week we were there they had a film festival (nice) and a wedding. The wedding party had EXTREMELY LOUD music that ran past 11PM and reverberated throughout the rooms (most rooms face the courtyard). Definitely disturbing - typical - it's happened on at least 2 of our stays.The two bedroom suite was NOT worth the money.Bottom Line - * Stick with Jr Suite, * avoid school vacation times, * expect local crush on wkends, * expect low key, quiet surroundings, * pray for no special events because the noise is stifling* hope they fix the pool problems/maintenance* hope they upgrade the worn out furnishings (don't count on it)* lunch menu at the cafe is good and reasonably priced* dinner is nice but overpriced. head out.* not too exciting for teens (nothing really to do), unless you take them up the road to surf  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	3	2	

<Author>PhxED
<Content>Okay, but... The highlight of this resort is the restaurant. The food is truly exceptional and I would go out of my way just to have dinner here. Also, the staff is very helpful and friendly.On the downside, the quality and maintanance level of accomodation depends on which room you get -- I started in a beach front that had peeling paint and crumbling stucco and ended up in a room that was perfect...not sure why the variation. The resort itself is very small with a nice but small pool area and a so-so beach. With that said, this is the best resort on the west side of Puerto Rico unless you can make it to the Villa Montana in Isabella.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jerb1227
<Content>Don't go-not worth it The hotel is NOT in Rincon. The rooms were old, dingy, not kept up. The toilet broke the 1st day and the TV was from the 80's. I was told the continental breakfast wasn't included AFTER I got there. My upgraded ocean view room looked over a pool for the condos next door. This hotel is listed as a Sterling hotel, but is not. I just wanted to check out and leave, which is what I did. I paid a penalty ,but it was worth it to get out of there. STAY AT THE RINCON OF THE SEAS. That place was fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	2	2	

<Author>travelcatnyc
<Content>Nice and quiet retreat : )       We went to La Parguera---definetely go there  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bug3
<Content>Great Stay!       Sunset -Rincon Beach Resort 4/08  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Tango73
<Content>VERY PLEASED WITH OUR STAY My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon and was very suprised with the hotel. We had a delux ocean view with a king bed and the room was wonderful. The staff was very friendly and helpful with our every need. I will say you must have a rental car if you want to take advantage of the surrounding activities due to the resorts location, but it was exactly what my new bride and I wanted. I would recommend this place to our friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>keeandlee
<Content>Very nice place, had to work to get the room / features we wanted After enduring a seemingly endless winter in New York and Connecticut, my friend and I booked a trip to Rincon Beach Hotel on the the hotel's Sterling Hotels website. We reserved a double queen ocean view room online for a 5-day stay. When we arrived to check in, they had put us in a tiny single-queen bedroom with a tiny balcony, with partial ocean view. We immediately asked for at least a king bed, instead of a single queen. They put us into a very small king room that had a badly chipped and rusted bathtub (it turns out many of the rooms in the hotel have damaged / rusted bathtubs) and a vanity sink drain that drained very slowly.The front desk clerks (there were two on duty) were very busy talking amongst themselves, and sometimes seemed oblivious to the presence of customers waiting at the front desk. We had been traveling for most of a day to get there, and there was no help from the hotel for us to get our bags to our 4th floor room. They pointed us to a baggage cart (self service?) so we took our own bags to the room. I thought the lack of a porter / bellhop was out of place in a hotel that charges over $230.00 per night.At breakfast the first morning, which we had in the hotel's restaurant outdoor patio (nicer place to eat, but the crows will absolute bandits and we had to dodge bird droppings). The breakfast buffet, which cost almost $15.00 per person (before the hotel's obligatory 15% automatic tip added to the bill, but which also does not go to the servers, but rather to the restaurant) was pricey. It was nice, and they had good homemade pastries (some days, depending on which chef was working). The pool was beautiful. However, we were reluctant to swim in its water because the water appeared murky.. perhaps not so clean. There were dozens of people in the pool, including many small children, and adult patrons of the swim-up bar.The beach was beautiful, and the deck chairs were plentiful, as were the complimentary beach towels. The sun and temperatures were great for relaxing and we enjoyed many nice walks on the huge sandy beach.We ended up moving to a newer room the second day we were there, to the double-queen we were promised when we first made our reservation. We had a rental car, so we drove to the Puntas section of Rincon and had several great meals at the local restaurants on the surfing beach side of Rincon. Two great little restaurants were the tapas bar at Casa Islena, and The Rum Shack and Smiling Joes restaurants at The Lazy Parrot Inn on highway 413. We would rate those restaurants right up there with any we've eaten at in our many travels.Some of the winding roads and beautiful views of the ocean made for exciting sight seeing opportunities. Rincon is a great place to go for a slower pace of life than the metro area of San Juan. Be ready for very narrow serpentine steep roads which the locals hog and always seem to blare their high beams.Have fun and bring your sunscreen...get out early as the rains and clouds came around 2ish and somedays never clear until the next morning.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>travelkids
<Content>Relaxing paradise If you are looking for a nice, relaxing away from it all stay. This is your place. Spent 2 nights, we are a family of 5 (kids 12,9,6) We had a great time. Rooms were clean. Pool and beach were perfect. Beautiful sunsets. Very close to local restaurants about 5 min. drive. We visited Villa Cofresi for dinner and it was like mad house. We were so glad we chose Rincon Beach resort instead. Staff was friendly. If you are looking for entertainment and a more lively atmosphere this is not it. Would highly recommend Rincon Beach Resort and will definetely return.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IainMcc
<Content>Perfect for Families! A great resort for a relaxing, 'away from it all' vacation. My wife, 2 year old son and I loved the pool, the small children's park and the beach. All right there in this perfectly sized resort.5 star excellence it is not but a comfortable 3 or 4 star standard of room and facilities. Loved the coffee station that was present for 1 day, then it disappeared! Restaurant adequate for breakfast buffet. Other meals were enjoyed in nearby Rincon. We like to explore a little so it was perfect.Staff all very friendly, and responsive to feedback and suggestion. Car rental recommended, Aguadilla Airport only 30 minutes away.Loved it, and our expectations are high but not unrealistically so.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcjc08
<Content>SO SO!!!!! This hotel I guess would be good if you have small children or just want to be in a some what boring place. The good thing is that you are close to some of the most beutiful beaches in PR. But they are NO WHERE close to the hotel. You have to drive about 20 to 30 mintues to get to those. The food is good,the bartenders do not make the best drinks but they will get you drunk if that is what you want. The rooms are NICE nothing bad to say about those. The overall experiance is good if you are a older person or have small kids. Otherwise stay somewhere else. This is not the place for you!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>AlliJo1980
<Content>Great stay! We were very pleased with our stay at the Rincon Beach Resort. We found the setting to be great - somewhat isolated but still close to the town, restaurants, etc. There was actually a really fun pool hall across the street we had a blast at! The pool area and beach were great, and we really liked the open-air lobby. The one note I would make it to be careful in selecting your room type. We chose a queen sofa bed room which actually ended up only having a queen sofa bed - in other words, no real bed. The room was still really nice with a full kitchen, dining room, living room, bathroom, just no bedroom. Apparently the adjoining room is the bedroom which you can rent in addition (for example, it would be great for a family) we just didn't know this ahead of time. It ended up not being a big deal though b/c the pull-out couch was pretty comfy. Plus, with such a nicely decorated room and ocean views from our windows we couldn't be too upset! Aside from that we ate breakfast at the restaurant there and found the food to be really good and very reasonably priced. A great stay!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>HPHNewYork
<Content>Never Ever Again!! My husband and I perused around the website in anticipation of our 5 night vacation last week. The website is completely deceiving. The rooms look NOTHING like they portay them to look. They all like a roadside Motel 6, equipped with the moldy smell, pea size shower head, old OLD looking hotel furniture, a large trash dump DIRECTLY outside the hotel room we were supposed to stay in, and neglectful customer service. When we arrived at 3 am (due to the 11:46 pm arrival on the Continental flight from Newark) the front desk guy didj't even bother to motion to help me (6 months pregnant) with the bags I was carrying, while my husband parked.I thought I wold cry. I slept for 4 hours, woke up, checked out, got the refund for the remaining days, and ran to the amazing HORNED DORSET PRIMAVERA. You pay for the upgrade, but for a one time vacation, it is worth it!!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>KDAA
<Content>Mixed Feelings First, let me qualify my review by saying that due to flight issues, our stay here was cut to one night. I have mixed feelings on this facility. There were some things I liked a lot, and others I wasn't happy about.Pros:- Very nice beach: It has a very pretty and secluded location- The pool and hot tub area was very nice- Although I wasn't there with kids, it was a family-friendly location (this might not be a pro for some people)- Very nice room- Friendly, helpful staffCons:- Very loud. We had a first floor room near the elevator, and you could hear everything. The tile floors in the outside hall area also contribute to the noise. It also looked out directly on the kids play area.My other main issue, which others have written, is that I have a little problem with the resort label. The grounds are very nice, but compact. There is one small restaurant and one small lobby bar. There appeared to be some water activities, but I'm not sure.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>essebee
<Content>Loved Puerto Rico but had a brush with death in Rincon!! My husband and I enjoyed our honeymoon by taking a 7 day cruise in the Caribbean followed by spending a week in Puerto Rico. We explored several areas in Puerto Rico and quickly discovered our favorite spots. We looked forward to spending time at The Rincon Beach Resort for one of our night's stay. When we arrived at the resort it looked charming and inviting. The staff greeted us warmly and we felt like things were off to a good start. After checking in we went to our room. It had a partial ocean view and a view of the pool. Not bad so far. After pulling back the covers on the bed, I was horrified to see hundreds of crawling small insects. I am not sure what kind of insect(s) they were. I mentioned it to my husband and he didn't make a fuss and neither of us told the hotel staff. Probably should have. We tried to go forward and both of us were ready to relax after being in a hot car most of the day. We immediately changed and hit the beach!! We swam in the ocean then took a 2 hour stroll on the beach. There were several beautiful flowering plants along the rocky cliffs of the beach and several bees buzzing on the flowers. We noticed that there were also several bees on the sand too. My husband stepped onto a bee and got stung but was alright. I didn't get stung by any bees. But later something crazy happened!! After taking a stroll on the beach the sun was starting to set and we decided to get into the hotel hot tub. It felt wonderful. Afterwards we headed up to our room, showered and prepared for dinner at the hotel restaurant. While I was getting ready and dressed, I felt nauseous and dizzy and was contemplating telling my husband I couldn't make it to dinner. But I didn't want to spoil the beautiful evening so I kept getting ready. We both went to dinner and 10 minutes after we sat down I blacked out for about 15 seconds then I couldn't br eathe. I didn't even have a chance to eat anything yet. The food looked like it would have been delicious!! I told my husband and the waiter that something was wrong with me. My condition got worse and an ambulance was called. A gentleman of the wait staff comforted me while my husband ran to our room to try and find one of my benadryl capsules. The ambulance took forever and my heart was pounding and my body had tremors all over. I felt like I was dying. My husband and the gentleman decided to rush me to the hospital because the ambulance was nowhere in sight. We arrived at the emergency entrance and I fainted into my husbands arms. I was admitted to the emergency room and the doctor said I almost died. They didn't know what caused the episode but pumped me full of liquid benedryl, etc. Our entire stay in Puerto Rico was great until we got to Rincon. What caused this left us both baffled. Could it have been something at the hotel? The hot tub? Ocean? Beach? I am very hesitant to go back to that particular locale but I still enjoy Puerto Rico. Overall we had a nice time. Thank God I didn't die on our honeymoon. Just be careful and pack that epipen or benadryl. Wear shoes if at all possible on the beaches as well.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>PuertoRicoRick
<Content>As Promised! My family thoroughly enjoyed our 2 nights here, the first week of January. We were worried the hotel might be crowded since there is no school the first week of the year due to the 3 Kings Day holiday. It was very quiet Wed and Thr and started filling up on Friday.The hotel was as promised. Great pool, beach and very clean rooms. The fact that the rooms are all ocean view was a nice surprise! We would have liked a coffee maker in the room, but housekeeping did give us one when asked (they only seem to have a few). The A/C smelled musty, and toiletries in the bathroom would have been nice. All minor complaints, but they would have been major had we paid a rate of $250 nt.This hotel would be a $250 per night value in San Juan, but I wouldn't want to pay over $150 due to the distance from San Juan. Tip: You aren't allowed to bring coolers onto the resort grounds, but there are refrigerators in the rooms. If you have clear plastic cups, you can pop up to the room for a cheaper refill of your favorite beverage vs. paying the poolside bar prices.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Carmen-Carteret4910
<Content>I'll do it again Let me start by saying, this place is like heaven.me and my boyfriend were there for Valentines weekend and we had a great time, the staffing was nice people, the food was excellent (alittle to expensive) but very tasteful, the people that were also staying at the resort were pleasant... I was only suspossed to stay for 3 days, but instead we end up staying one extra day. If I didn't have to get back to jersey I probably would still be there right now.I recommend anyone thats looking for a place to relax and good food, Go to Rincon Beach Resort is the besttttttttttt  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DreaminWyoming
<Content>Not bad, but we're sure we could find a better place for the same cost Overall, the aesthetic s of the resort was very nice. Beautiful part of Puerto Rico. The rooms could've been cleaner (especially the bathroom) and the music went much too late on Saturday night. The mornings were very noisy too - lots of banging and we could hear someone on the treadmill each morning - which was extremely annoying. The drinks at the bar were outrageously high priced, so we headed north into Rincon where we could purchase our own beer and wine - very cheaply! Having a car is a must and we never stayed on the resort beach except for the first day because we found a much more beautiful spot about a 45 minute drive to the south. Mayaguez has got a good mall if you feel like shopping.Next time - we would more than likely look for a resort further south.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>k99r
<Content>Disappointment This resort is well past its prime. Other than food and drink it offers virtually nothing in the way of entertainment. The staff is friendly and helpful but there just isn't anything to do there other than beach and pool. The room's furniture was in need of repair and the bathtub glazing was chipping off. Normally this doesn't bother me but I paid premium money for a second rate facility.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cutternsanchez
<Content>I started missing it before we left..... I choose this hotel for a group of 16 of my friends as our western Puerto Rico destination and jumping off point. I (we?) couldn't have been happier!!I would have given this hotel my highest rating but for a couple of very minor things. What are those minor things? 1. Coffee in the a.m.-- There are no coffee makers in the rooms and no coffee service in the courtyard or lobby. You must ask a waiter in the restaurant for a cup, and it's a small one at that. 2. If you're like me and love to have breakfast on the beach in the open air, you ain't gonna get it. Breakfast is only served indoors in the courtyard restaurant. (OK, so they have a small patio ajoining the restaurant, but I'm partial to crashing waves with my croissants). 3. Ice machines are not located on every floor. OK, condemn me for being an American, but I gots to have my ice....lots of it..... and close by.That's all I can think of for the bad things After organizing trips with my friends over the last 10 years, I can't think of a more wonderful and stress free hotel experience. Witness this testimony. I've never written one of these reviews before!!!On the first night of our arrival, no restaurant in town could handle us with such short notice so we decided to do dinner in the hotel restaurant (Brasas I think it's called). Since there were so many of us with such different tastes, we ordered just about everything on the menu. It was all good to excellent. I think the skirt steak and the scallops with brown sauce were the best. The staff was very friendly and helpful: especially Borja at the front desk, Dennis at the pool bar, and Eddie aka Jessica at the lobby bar. If you decide to stay there, tell Eddie that Brittany says HI!! She loves to be called Eddie.The pool was kept immaculately clean....even despite the weekend traffic....and the jacuzzi was the perfect temp.The grounds were kept very clean. I loved the beds.Etc. Etc.Bottom line is that I stayed there 8 nights and wished I'd stayed longer. On one day I took a tour around to the 3 other hotels that I'd considered other than the Rincon Beach Resort to check them out. We made the right choice!!!!!All I can say to the R. Beach Resort is Fix the coffee situation, and I'd give you a +10 and +5-stars  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sgonzalez1980
<Content>Wedding My husband and I were married here on Jan 19, 2008. It was beautiful.I am from Arecibo, so naturally I wanted to be married in Puerto Rico. My favorite part of PR is this side of the island because it's not commercialized. I chose Rincon Beach Resort because it was quaint, kind of secluded, and beautiful. 150 people attended my wedding and we had the best time. The resort catered the whole thing and everyone said that the food was the best wedding food they had ever had.By the way- the wedding coordinator for the hotel is incredible. If I could have hired her as my wedding planner I would have. The service was excellent. I'm not sure why anyone would say otherwise. Everyone was sooo pleasant and very professional. The first night we were there, there was problem with one of my guests' room and they handled it immediately. I guess my only complaint is that I feel everything there is overpriced. Outside of that I loved it and I didn't have any problems what so ever. I do recommend that you stay in the Junior Suite there. I can't tell you how beautiful the view is from that room and the room itself is very nice.Anyone that says this resort isn't worth it is crazy!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travel4290
<Content>Great Hotel and an Excellent Time We just returned from 4 nights at Rincon Beach Resort, and wish we were able to stay a few more evenings. We flew into San Juan because no direct flights were offered to the smaller and closer airport in Aguadilla from our hometown; and we were disappointed in the longer than anticipated drive out to Rincon due to highway traffic and congestion. I recommend Aguadilla if possible if you are staying in Rincon.The roadways and infrastructure are certainly Carribbean in nature and different from our comfort level at home, so the drive in was overwhelming. Once we checked into our very nice and clean ocean view room and sat down for a drink, we were able to finally relax and take in our surroundings. Our bartender took a lot of time to sketch out an excellent map of good places to check out nearby, since the immediate area outside of the resort is a little rougher than other vacations we've been on. Additionally, the hotel stands alone, and is not surrounded by a strip of other hotels or resorts. With his advice and a decent meal at the hotel restaurant, we had calmed down and started our vacation.The hotel is modern and clean, although a little emptier guest-wise than we had expected. The pool is great, as is the swimup bar, cabana grill for lunch, and the beach itself (which was clean and secluded so that only hotel guests used it). Some more luxary amenities such as spa treatments, concierge, exercise classes and more active beach bar service were lacking, possibly due to the resort only being 1/2 full while we were staying, but we usually try to avoid taking advantage of those amenities wherever we go and didn't miss them. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful; and as I said, the entire place was modern, clean and well maintained.Compare notes between the staff and other visitors and you'll be directed toward some excellent restaurants in Rincon for dinner. You'll definitely need a rental car because I didn't see taxis anywhere. Driving is a little hectic, but take your time and it is not all that rough. We took a memorable trip to the Arecibo Observatory that brought us into some more intense driving situations well off the beaten path for which we should have planned better.We loved the place for what it was, a beautiful hotel where you really can have an excellent time relaxing and doing nothing. If you are looking for an intense service-oriented resort experience with pushy staff trying to wait on you hand and foot, this probably isn't for you. If you appreciate great resorts like that but prefer to do things on your own at your own pace, this place is great.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>williamtmoore
<Content>Great Hotel       The view from the top of the hotel  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monicacaguas
<Content>Not what I was waiting for. When I arrived at reception the clerk was unfriendly. She does not informed us of anything I have to ask the questions. The room number given does not exist. I have to go down in the elevator to find someone to help me find the room. Actually the maintenace staff was more friendly and told me that because the room number was missing someone put another number on that room.The room was little but okay. The worst thing was the noisy ceiling I suppossed there were eleven kids or something like that because of the noise during the night and day. So I decided to sleep in the lounge chairs on the beach. That was more quietly. the restaurant is excellent. That was the best.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	1	3	5	

<Author>GeorigaCasinoman
<Content>paradise found After driving across Puerto Rico in the middle of the night,we came across a place that the hotel manager told us about as if it had been a myth. It was like finding the garden of eden snuggled into a distant cove. Top 10 reasons why you should stay at the Rincon Beach Resort.  1. Best Service and food in PUERTO RICO.  2. Only three star resort that is really a five star.  3. Best mojitos in Puerto Rico. Thanks to Eddie.  4. You can beach fish right out your room door.  5. Family affordable with happy meal included. 6. Locals actually want you to be there. 7. At Rincon Beach Club they put the h in hospitality. 8. Free use of all water sports included in your price. 9. Not so developed that you feel like you're in a tourist trap. 10. Will give you discounts with longer stays.  - David and Cassandra Justice  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcmug2002
<Content>Great resort with private beach       Resort Pool  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Son-of-Poochmas
<Content>Quaint, very quiet but friendly.. the wildlife will eat breakfast with you!       A nice view of the hotel  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>Yess22
<Content>Isolated Paradise- A Must!       Entrance to the resort  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mayapr99
<Content>Fabuloso! It was a fabulous experience. We visited the Rincon Beach Resort on June 24-25. La Noche de San Juan, a local pagan feast in celebration of St. John Baptist, birthday. At mid-night everyone goes in the water backwards for good luck! The hotel and all the staff were the fantastic. The restaraunt a bit expensive but a excellent quality gourmet, take the 39.00 special it is worth every penny. I do agree with others YOU DO NEED A CAR...  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shida_girlBoston_MA
<Content>Great Hotel - Beautiful Beach! I just returned from a stay here on June 18-20th with 3 other travelers who were in their 20s. I am a frequent, somewhat discriminating traveler, with this being my 3rd trip to PR. This facility was a nice suprise. First tip: as already stated by other reviews, you definitely need a car! I got a great deal through Hotwire. The hotel was immaculate. We arrived at the hotel at 1 a.m. and the hotel had our rooms waiting for us. The front desk was extremely helpful and pleasant. The beach is just lovely! It is very private and the hotel was pretty empty so there was not much activity, which is what we were looking for. Just relaxing on the beach was fabulous. If you are looking for tons of stuff to do, this might not be the place for you. We did not eat at the hotel, in part because the facility did not offer full menus due to the fact that the hotel was so empty. However, we got some good recommendations that we tried that worked out well for us. If you take 115 to 402 to Rte. 2, there is a McDonalds, Walgreens and a place called Bonanza Supermercado. It is a supermarket with a cafeteria counter inside with some of the yummiest food we ate! And it was very reasonably priced. Also, if you exit 115 to your left from the resort, there is a place on your left called Panaderia, which had some yummy breakfast. Further up on your right, there is a restuarant called Rincon Tropical - the most authentic food we are there! And again, reasonably priced. Check-out was a breeze and parking was free. All in all, a good place for hanging out and relaxing!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pmac01
<Content>Nice hotel, but you will need a rental car. My girlfriend an I thought that the 30 minute taxi ride from Aguadilla to RBR was fair at 35 dollars. That was until we took a round trip ride into town from the resort for 20 dollars round trip, which is less than 10 minutes away. The front desk attendant informed us that taxis could be difficult and the nothing was in walking distance. After the first day at RBR every couple or family that you met had taken a trip into town to buy their own beer/liquor and snacks. So if you are looking to lounge at a resort for your entire trip with below average food then RBR will be fine. If you plan on experiencing some of the local culture and food then figure on the extra tourist tax.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>MSCCedarGrove
<Content>We loved this place!       looking down from the 4th floor open terrace  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jakkjk
<Content>Nice  Don't try to find this place the first time at night using the hotel's directions! We needed an escort from the Rincon Police station to finally find it. The room key card problem mentioned so often still exists. The lock was finally fixed the next morning after our arrival. The hotel IS understaffed, including the restaurant. You will be carrying your own bags! Staff was somewhat friendly, if you spoke to them first...and speaking spanish will get you a lot further. Only had breakfast at the resort...slow service! Went out for empanadas and beer each day for lunch (tons of small stands on the road). Had dinner offsite each night....locals we met staying at the resort recommended many great small places nearby. Beach was really great, very calm and clean and uncrowded. Pool was okay, but needed better cleaning each day. Overall very relaxing. The room was not as nice as shown on the websites. Would go back again, but hopefully at a cheaper rate. They have WiFi access in the lobby  poolside, but we were never able to get online for some reason. Rooms were very clean, but very simple. We had a nice balcony overlooking the beach and pool...again very relaxing!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>aussieroo
<Content>Secluded Getaway       View from a 4th floor Ocean View Room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>Duluth-Dublin
<Content>Great Beach!!       view from a room balcony  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>iwatkins
<Content>Good not Great My husband and I stayed here for the week of my wedding, we were being married in nearby Rincon. We had almost 20 guestst coming in and felt it would be nice to book everyone in the same hotel. Upon seeing the pictures of the hotel on their website, we felt this place was a better choice than some of the other options available in Rincon. Here is what I didn't like about it: 1. location, sooo far from everything, it took almost 20 minutes to drive into the town where all the restaurants and surfing beaches are 2. a lot of kids. 3. as i mentioned earlier, it is far from restaurants you'd actually want to eat at, and their restaurant and bar closed way too early! 4. gift shop was constantly closed and the kayak rental guy left too earlyThings I liked: 1. nice hotel, simple and definetely not a 4 star, but a good solid 3 star 2. Free Parking and lots of it 3. friendly staff and were all bilingual 4. nice clean pool and neat pool bar 5. beach was semi-private and basically had it all to ourselves. 6. Delicious breakfast, order the omelet with everything, yum! :) Buffet was ok in a pinch too. Rincon is a neat little town with some great restaurants and great surfing beaches. If I were to go back in the near future I would opt for a rental house rather than this hotel. This hotel is great for families with small children. It worked for what we needed it for but had it been just my husband and I, i would not stay here again. Only because of how far it was to everything we enjoyed most about Rincon.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	1	3	2	4	4	

<Author>diverjayson
<Content>Only if you have to go to puerto rico... This place is not worth the money. If your expectations are NOT high, you won't be disappointed. The food at the pool side grill is absolutely lousy, the food at the restaurant is over priced and average. Most of the staff, except for Andrew at the swim up bar, lacks personality and does not have any idea what service is truly about. A tractor worked between the beach and the pool all day at the busiest time. The pool cleaning pump was started early in the morning next to several of the rooms. The band played late one night at an extremely loud volume even when no one was outside listening. We travel often and do not recommend this hotel which is referred to as a resort. Unless you are going to Puerto Rico for a specific adventure like surfing or diving, I strongly recommend looking for another place to spend your valuable time off. Rincon is a surf town, though the waves are about a 15 minute drive away. If you elect to go, rent a car, cab rides will cost you. This is the type of place you go, have an average time, and when your friends ask you about your trip you really aren't excited to tell them what you really thought. Hope the review helps.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	1	2	

<Author>mollybhc
<Content>No complaints!!! We just stayed at the resort for a little over a week. My husband and I both work at a resort and are usually quite picky, however we have nothing bad to say. Conversations with the res. agent Maritza were very helpful as well as the front desk when we arrived. We needed more space then the room we book and the suite next to us happen to be open. The gentleman at the front desk was very helpful in figuring out a solution for us. Although they do not offer a children's program, they did have a staff member entertain the kids at the pool over the weekend, that was very much appreciated. There isn't a lot to do at the resort besides relax and swim, however with the surrounding towns, there's always something to do. I would highly recommend taking a trip to the zoo!A rental car is a must!We would def. return.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCT
<Content>Great Experience!! We just returned from our stay at the Rincon Beach Resort and had an incredible time! I was very nervous about staying there after I read all of the awful reviews. I literally don't have one bad thing to say! We arrived around 9:30am and new we wouldn't be able to check into our room until 3 pm, however I went to the front desk and told them we had arrived anyway. They were very nice, let us store our bags and put our room on priority and told us to check back around 2pm. In the meantime we drove into rincon, had lunch and drove farther north on Rt. 413 where all of the surf spots, cute restaurants and Inns were. We came back to the Resort around 1:45 and our room was ready. We stayed in a delux ocean front room, there were absolutely no bugs, everything was clean and very pretty. The beach was great, you can walk in either direction for miles. We had no complaints about the service. I mean, how MUCH service do you need? Everyone at the front desk was so nice and helpfuI. I think the true beauty of staying at this resort is that you have this great secluded location and then you can go exploring into Rincon. Overall a wonderful time!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Jasubar
<Content>Great view, service so-so       Rincon Beach Resort Pool  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>patamitchell
<Content>Needs service help! When we arrived at the hotel, there was no bellstaff, and they told us, as well as many others, that we had to wait for our rooms. We waited until 3:45. We had no where to go, as Rincon has little to see and do. Though our 2-suite was spacious, and the kitchen was very nice, there were bugs crawling on the counter and no pot holders or kitchen towels. They did have flatware and pots/pans, and dishes, though. While on the small beach, they didn't have waitstaff to offer food and drinks; the nice bar tender had to do it all. They also closed the pool bar at 4:00 and the outdoor cafe at 2:00; therefore, you could not eat or drink again until 5:00 when the lobby bar opened with the almost rude bartender. They had told us that you could get snorkeling trips from the hotel and that was not true. They need a activities on the premeise besides sitting and playing the large chess game they have. The SMALL putting green needed repair, as did many of the umbrellas by the pool. As we left, and we were carring our own luggage (my husband had fallen and had a knee brace on), an employee squeezed by us without offering to help. I gues we were able to save money on tipping! I would not return because they didn't seem to care if we, or othere, were there or not. Very unimpressed.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdb07
<Content>bad service, beautiful sunsets We booked this hotel through expedia for two nights. Looking at pictures and reviews I hoped it would be a nice room for the money. We paid for a superior ocean view room. We were taken to a first floor room with a few of the small kids playground and barely a glimpse of the ocean. I asked for another room and the view was better however you could not enjoy the view because of the a/c vent on the very small patio. It was very hot. The room was very dark and could have been much brighter if they hard larger windows. Our bathroom was very outdated and dirty. Hairs and ants on the bathroom floor and in the shower. Furnishings in the room were worn, the toliet seat should have been replaced a few years ago. You never saw any staff other than front desk. Garbage cans were piled high for our enitre stay. Porter at front was rude to us three times. Overall I would not recommed this hotel. Not a good value for the money. Much cleaner places to stay and nicer rooms. Could be a beautiful place if rooms were upgraded. Grounds are nice.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>PuravidaCT
<Content>Short on delivery This is a 3 star property masquerading as a 5 star. My wife and I picked Puerto Rico to celebrate a special birthday and our anniversary. We both travel extensively for work and leisure. While in Puerto Rico we stayed at 3 locations over 10 days and found all of them to be very over-priced for what you get. The Rincon was no exception. Upon check-in we were assigned to a room that I wouldn't pay Motel 6 prices let alone what they charge. I complained to the front desk and after discussions with management we were upgraded to a very nice suite. However, this was the end of good customer service. The staff is extremely nice, but accomplish nothing! Our shower would not drain the entire stay and each time I mentioned it to the front desk they would smile and assure me that someone would fix it. It was never fixed. The cable TV was out for 3 days, not a great loss, but no offer was made to compensate for this. A management meeting was scheduled one evening and many guests attended with lists of problems. Unfortunately, nobody from management showed up. The wedding party was the topper. A lagre, raucous group from NY took over the pool area and bar during our entire stay. The staff should have controled them better and given consideration to all the other guests. I would hesitate to book a room at this resort unless you don't have a problem paying alot, but getting little in return.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>NJTdt
<Content>Five-star prices, three-star hotel If the Rincon Beach Resort charged three-star rates, I would have no complaints. The beach and location are great, the pool is nice, and the staff is generally helpful. The problem is the resort is charging five-star rates and simply not delivering. Here's an abbreviated list of issues we had: card keys repeatedly not working, ants in the room, aspects of deals we took not being fulfilled, cable TV being out for several days, very loud and large wedding parties overtaking the beach area, overpriced restaurant on site, underwhelming gym. The Ritz it ain't. To be clear, the resort was family-friendly, is in a great location, and we generally had fun...but when you charge five-star rates, you'd better deliver a five-star experience. It's clear the management doesn't have a clue.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surfndeez
<Content>Zero Customer Service, Get a Clue First off, I'd like to say that I am not a picky traveler. Give me a comfortable place to sleep that's free of lots of noise and bugs, and I'm fine. However, traveling with my wife and toddler changes things a bit...you need a hotel that can support your family's needs. The first night we arrived in ANASCO, not RINCON like the website and name of the resort imply, we were exhausted and just wanted to crash. Much to our dismay, the card for our room (the key) did not work. This should been a sign to leave immediately. After a few attempts and a new card, we were able to enter the room. The next day, we had to exchange cards about 5 times, the next day another 5 times and we started to complain, the next day we were so infuriated I actually had to raise my voice with the front desk in order for them to help out with the situation. To boot, the bathtub in our room would not fill up with water to give our daughter a bath. Rather than just change the room and throw us something for our troubles after the first 3 days of complaining, they played games with us we'll have our repair man see to it, etc. Finally, I told the front desk that we NEED another room and that we need to be compensated for our headache. Our room was changed, but not ONCE did ANYONE offer to help us move all of our stuff (we had to move to a totally new building, mind you). After lugging all of our stuff to the new room, the DOOR STILL DID NOT OPEN. After arguing with the front desk and the repair guy again, we were allowed access to the adjoining suite next to our room. The lock on the suite door worked for the reminder of the stay and everything was fine. We were comped a free night, and we had use of the suite for th remainder of the trip. All of these problems could have been avoided and the hotel wouldn't have had to comp me anything if: the front desk gave us another room right from the start and did not play games with us. Another thing that could have helped would have been some common courtesy (ie help us move all our crap while moving to another room). All I have to say is GET A CLUE RINCON BEACH RESORT, you have a lot to learn about customer service. You'll never see us again, and we will spread the word.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missguinness
<Content>Two Thumbs Up               
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>WorldTravelerCO
<Content>3 Star We wanted an inexpensive getaway for the holidays this year, and Rincon Beach Resort came up on Expedia, under the package deals that include flight and car rental. It was in our price range, so we decided to try it. The resort is really beautiful and was just what we were looking for. It is very relaxing, if you want to hang out at the pool. The restaurant is 5 star with a price to match. We thought it was worth it though, considering the room was priced very reasonably. The room itself is what makes this hotel a 3 star. There were small bugs on the counter every time I went into the bathroom, and as we were on the bottom floor, we kept waiting for a lizard or other creature to visit us through the gap under the door. The rest of the hotel was more like a 4 or 5 star though, and we weren't in the room much. Very friendly, helpful staff. We will visit again and request a room on one of the higher floors.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>vagabonds2001
<Content>Poor service Hotel has a great pool and is right on a VERY clean stretch of beach. Staff's service was underwelming. Good spot for a family w/ kids who's not to adventurous and is not looking for any variety but wants to stay put.The poor service stems from lukewarm or cold replies from staff about issues wtih food or the TV system going down for an evening. I think teh management just needs to build some confidence in their staff so they are not incapable of making a decision.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael/Steven
<Content>Very nice hotel but not the right groove for Rincon. We spent a week at the Rincon Beach Hotel in January of 2006 and we were very happy with our hotel experience. The rooms are very nice, clean and confortable. The restaurants on the property are pretty good and the beach and pool are excellent. All that said, this hotel seems too fancy and stiff for the town of Rincon. Rincon has more of a beach bum vibe than a large resort feeling. This, or course, has nothing to do with the hotel itself but instead relates to our experience of this area of Puerto Rico. If you want a standard semi-luxury resort experience then the Rincon Beach Hotel will be perfect. If you want a more authentic Rincon vibe then we'd recommend staying somewhere smaller, quainter and closer to town. All in all, the hotel was a very good experience but Rincon is groovier than this.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>BSJS
<Content>Not perfect, but very nice Very nice small hotel. If you like a simple vacation, ie laying around on the beach all day, this is a good place to do it. Despite being near a lot of surfing areas, the water is quite calm at this beach.We had a little problem when we first arrived. We had reserved an ocean view room, but they were overbooked and we were given a garden view. This was very annoying as we arrived very late at night. However, the next day they showed us two ocean view rooms, and gave us our choice. At the end of our stay, the hotel completely removed the charges from the first night.The grounds are well kept, and the rooms are simple, but in good condition and clean.The only meals we had at the hotel were breakfast which was very good. Most of the restaurants around town are very simple and not much to talk about. Our favorite place was the restaurant at the Lazy Parrot Inn -- very good!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Devoted_Traveler
<Content>Beautiful Place!! I spent 3 nights with my husband on this hotel over this Labor Day weekend. We got a regular (superior) room, and we found it quite spacious and clean. The hotel itself is quite pretty and the views are incredible!! The pool overlooking the ocean was sooo nice. The staff was attentive and the restaurant good (although they ran out of the special of the day, which I wanted, but what I got was good). The only drawbacks for us were that there was no room service, the gift shop had few articles and closed early, and that there were no snack vending machines (only sodas). Other than that we had a great time; including the fact that we rented a kayak at the hotel and had a lot of fun just going around on it on the beach. It is a nice hotel to relax and would return again!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>May_Ramon
<Content>Paradise               
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>DJCB
<Content>Rincon Beach Resort Lovely The Rincon Beach Resort was everything I expected it to be. I was a little worried based on some of the reviews I read on this site. However, I am happy to report that I am more on the side of the positive reviews than the negative ones. The place looks just like the picture you see on their website. Our room the junior bedroom suite was larger than expected and looked just like the picture. Our balcony over looked the pool and beach, which provided us with an awesome view to wake up too and a wonderful way to watch the sunset. I am happy to report that my whole family enjoyed the resort. I found the place to be very clean 鈥?room, pool, Jacuzzi and lounge area. The hotel employees were extremely accommodating. The only drawback was the condition of the tennis courts and their inability to find the key to allow us into the courts. Other than that the place was beautiful. Also they have wifi for those who which to take their laptops with them on vacation however you can only access the Internet in their lobby/ bar area. Overall I give this resort a good rating and will return again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, affordable and kid friendly Resort My husband, our 2 kids (14 and 11) and I just came back last week from RINCON BEACH RESORT. Where we stayed for the fourth of July long weekend. This is our second time at the resort and have enjoyed both times. We enjoy the resort as there facility is nicely decorated and you can count on clean rooms, clean sheets, the pool and hot tub are cleaned every morning. Service was also good. There is a poolside bar (although drinks are pricey, as in alot of the resorts) there was always a bartender at the poolside bar unlike other reviewers mentioned and there were always fresh towels. Although the only restaurant is also a bit pricey, (around $14.00 p/p for breakfast, how much can you eat that early??) there are many restaurants on the same road as the resort that you may enjoy. There are various hotels and other resorts very close by that you may go to and enjoy there restaurants. Also you have all the fast food restaurants available at a 15 min drive. There were activities for the kids water games for my 11 year old, volleyball games for my 14 year old, also kayaking and boat games for all of us. All free since it was a holiday weekend I assume, prices are usually around $20.00 p/hr for kayaking and pedaled boots. Yes there were alot of children in the pool but normal in any family setting (unless you go to a no childrens allowed resort like horned dorset) there will be children. Overall I highly recommend this resort for beach lovers as the beach is very close to the pool area and you may enjoy a very caribbean setting.Pool chairs are readily available eventhough the resort was full that weekend. Also in rincon you can enjoy the best sunsets of the Island. Hope you find this helpfull !! Enjoy...........  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lmkiernan
<Content>Great Place       View of Playground from our room  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>yuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well, I am a travel agent.... and apparently that didn't make a difference.1st-my room had bugs in the shower..... i said something to them at the front desk, and they did nothing... so i took care of it myself- bought bug stuff from the grocery store.2nd- the food was terrible - i threw up from eating there the first time... and never ate there again- not to mention the bugs in the the container holding the sugar.3rd- no weather guards under my balcony door or room door... so the bugs were flying in.. and i had to use towels (which they do not give u enough of) to put underneath to keep them out.4th- on Friday (our last day) we got up and headed for the pool.... came back to the room at 330p and the room was still not clean.5th- the pool was dirty... gross.... Some of the staff was very nice - but not very helpful at all.I will never return to this resort again. Or recommend it to any of my clients.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Amerikanska
<Content>Decent hotel If you are looking for a resort to pamper you, this is not the one for you. The rooms were decent though old looking. One really nice thing is the layout of the hotel. Coming into the lobby, you get the view of the pool and the ocean. The pool was quite large and had a good number of lounge chairs. The ocean was nearby with lots of trees for those who prefer not to be burnt in the hot Puerto Rican sun. I like the fact it didn't feel too crowded. We can go out to the pool or beach without having to search very hard for empty seats even though the hotel was quite full as we were there during school vacation week.There is a small children's playground, and the mini-golf course is really just a small area with 4 holes for putting. There is also a ping pong table but nothing to write home about.A couple of gripes I have:- Brasas restaurant. They never tell you there's a children's menu unless you ask. Also the food wasn't very good and very pricey (Entrees : $20-$30). It does have a nice atmosphere though.- You have to wear bracelets to identify you as guest for security reasons. Once you put it on, it stays on permanently until you cut it off. We felt really stupid while travelling away from the resort.Positives:- Staff were relatively pleasant- Easy to get pool towels everyday- Room was cleaned quite efficiently- An easter gift pack for our 5 year old in our room was a nice touch This is a nice resort if you just want to laze around and do nothing. Rincon itself is nothing to write home about and there's not much to do in the surrounding area. However, we would definitely consider coming back for a lazy beach holiday. If we do, we will definitely fly into Aguadilla rather than San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rincon Beach Overrated The suite was far less than we expected from the web site or the price. Worn, somewhat dirty, no water pressure in one shower, torn tiles in the other bath. The area is not a tourist area, there is no shopping and the snorkeling and other water activities outsike the resort were nonexistent. We enjoyed the beach for one night and headed back to San Juan for the rest of our visit. Decent hotel if you only want to lay on the beach. Saturday night was occupied by a loud wedding. No accommodations made for paying guests.On site restaurant was okay. Amazing lack of fruit and vegetables for a Caribbean island.I think this is a resort for locals, not much to offer for tourists.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not in Rincon  In early February, my friends and I stayed at this resort for 3 nights. The structure itself is smartly designed and comfortable but there are not the amenities one would associate with a resort. The gift shop was never open, the soda machines did not work and the staff seemed lazy and unaccommodating. We enjoyed our time at the beach and swimming in the pool but were disappointed by the price of pool side drinks (and slim selection of options) and the lack of music. This business is potentially disappointing to what savvy travelers expect in a resort.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpncpa
<Content>Needs a management makeover We stayed for 7 nights in a gardenview room which was booked at their cheapest online rate. The room was cleaned nicely everyday. The room was relatively small for a hotel of this size and appearance but acceptable. The main problem at this resort is the lack of management attention to major resort features. The pool and whirlpool/jacuzzi were fine for the first three days, but appeared not to be cleaned for our final four days. It had alot of sand and dead bugs, but most of all was cloudy and obviously unsanitized. We had to take my wife to see a doctor who determined that she had an infection probably from the water quality in jacuzzi/whirlpool which required antibiotic treatment. During the week, staff coverage at the swim up bar was non-existent or only upon request. One day we were told that the person responsible for signing out/renting the small boats was not in and no one else could help us. In addition and contrary to prior reviews here, the ability to upgrade seems to have ended. The hotel was not full during the week and staff emphatically said they did not have any other rooms for us because they were booked (where were the people), maybe because we booked their lowest internet rate? The staff never informed us of a wedding reception on a Saturday evening until the night before. Not an entirely big deal, but would have been a nice touch to offer some courtesy to guests rather than directing them to stay away from the open courtyard and telling us what hotel amenities would not be available for us. The gated entrance feature is nice, but there is no guard during daylight hours and anyone can drive in with the open gate....seems very apparent that alot of people do during the weekend and use the facilities for free. The beach is nice, but the actual body of water is the Anasco Bay, which is calmer than the open ocean in Rincon, but it suffers from a high degree of algae (was told by a local) and also from some residual pollution from the nearby port of Mayaguez. The water is not dirty, but if you are looking for blue or turquoise water, this is not it. Would recommend spending more to stay at one of the finer places in San Juan or paying less and staying at a Parador, a local group of Puerto Rican style hotels throughout the island, such as near Boqueron and using some of the true south facing Caribbean beaches. Prices in the hotel were of a five star resort, so we ate at some nice local places within 10 minute drive of the hotel, which enhanced the experience and were 1/5 to 1/2 the prices inside the hotel. Management seemed shocked at my periodic complaints and offered no dispute resolution other than a comment card at trip's end.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite Getaway My daughter and I just came back from staying at the Ricon Beach Resort for six days. We had a junior suite which was beautiful. The room was cleaned everyday. We ate all our breakfests and three dinners at the hotel. The food was very good, service was slow and a little pricey. The pool beach bar was, also, very good. The mixed drinds I found to be expensive. The staff were very friendly, pleasant and helpful. The pool area was clean, but I had to pick up bottles and cups left on the beach almost every day. They need to rack the beach area. If you are looking for a quite resort and just want to relax, this is it. I would go back again. If you fly into Puerto Rico, fly into one of close airports to the hotel. We flew into San Juan Airport and it was a three hour drive to the resort.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what you would expect... I have gone to Puerto Rico on holidays in several ocassions however this is the first time we stayed at the Rincon Beach Hotel - Feb 2006. Not much to say about it:- bed sheets and bathroom linens with holes and stains.- rust present in metal areas (including bath tub).- missing bathtub plug.- less than desirable restaurant service.- 2 out 3 lamps not in working order.- broken window latch.- missing room entrance door weather stripping.On the plus, side: the beach was great however not enough to justify the cost and a reason to return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LawGuy
<Content>The "Resort" Put Into Perspective Just spent four nights at the Rincon Beach Resort. Though I have stayed at nicer places, it minimally met my expectations. I think it would for other folks too if you consider some of the following:1) This place is not for everybody. If you're young and want to be closer to night life, consider staying in Rincon proper. The resort, as their posted address indicates, is in Anasco (really not very far from the action (10-20 minute drive from most of the Rincon attractions and services)). If you have a family (particularly teenagers) there is not a lot to do for them (kayak rentals - $20/hour, pool, a very warm but not hot tub, 2 computers with internet (and viruses), a ping pong table, beautiful beach). While these amenities may be enough for adults looking to do little or nothing for a few days, they hardly hold the attention of teenagers for very long.If you need to rely on their full service business center,...don't. This consists of two computers with viruses, only one computer is attached to an old multi-function printer that I could not get to work (neither could the staff, but I clearly knew more than they did). In addition, cell phone service for Nextel and Verizon seem pretty hit or miss at the resort itself. I was only able to get choppy reception with Verizon, some people we met got lousy reception with Nextel.2) This place is for mainly couples who are looking to do little on site at the resort but relax at the pool or on the beach (very clean beach, beautiful sunsets). (though you can drive to play tennis or golf, or go diving, or go sight-seeing)3) Strengths of the Resort. a) The food is mostly above average (to give a frame of reference: we styed at a Sheraton in Kauai that served pretty much cafeteria (average to below average) food). Some dishes are excellent (steak tips appetizer available at the lobby bar). But squeaky door at Las Brassas Restaurant works your nerves quickly. b) Very good assortment of quality wine is offered (at hotel prices). Their house wine is a good quality Mondavi (merlot, cab, or chard). While highly slurpable, this is the only wine offered by the glass. c) Beautiful Location, but landscaping could use some more attention and if you're on the first floor, sprinklers will soak your entire patio starting around 11 PM. d) Mixed drinks seem to be pretty good even at the pool bar (not watered down..interesting tropical mixes). e) Food prices seemed pretty reasonable compared to other hotels I have stayed at.4) Weaknesses of the Resort. a) Service is a mixed bag of tricks. I found some of the managers to be very accommodating and would go out of their way to help. Some seemed to have it's not my job attitude. Some of the service staff (particularly a couple of the bartenders) are easy to offend and have some attitude. In general, some of the service staff seem to take offense at being treated as servants and feel entitled to be spoken to as equals. If you are able to take the you catch more flies with honey approach, you will probably not have a problem. Nevertheless, the hotel should do more customer service training with these folks. b) The rooms are adequate, bed was decent, but have stayed in greater luxury. ( We stayed in a king bed superior garden view room $165/night at [----------------] website). c) Maintenance is uneven. While the pool is skimmed daily for debris and bugs, the tiles around the top of the water could use a good scrub. Some peeling paint on one building, as others have said some missing tiles, but overall very clean.5. Value: If you're paying $400/night for this place I would say use it elsewhere where you will get $400/night service and accomodations. We paid $165/night and found that we got what we paid for becuase other resort type places were charging much higher prices (Hyatt Dorado for example). If you can get a room in the range of $150-$230/night, it's probably an all right value. I was looking for a place with good food, decent wine, a decent pool (with bar), an adequate room and a good beach...all for rest and relaxation, very little activity. For the price we paid, we got it.6. If you decide to stay at Rincon Beach Resort...there are a few good places to eat off-site.A must try place is Smilin' Joe's at the Lazy Parrott Inn on Rte 413 in Rincon (not too far from the Lighthouse, but is on a different road). Excellent food and service. Of notable surprise on the menu was some authentic Thai food (chicken satay and shrimp pad thai). Excellent peanut sauce. Many other different kinds of foods to choose from. Very personable wait staff and owners.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable hotel on a great beach My husband and I just got back from Rincon. We spent 6 nights at the Rincon Beach Resort. All in all, we were very pleased with this hotel/resort. We do not like big resorts and this one felt relatively small and contained. We were there during President's week, the hotel was full, and yet it never felt overrun or frenzied.First of all, their beach is fantastic. The sea is calm and warm, great for swimming and floating. (If you prefer waves, go to northern Rincon.) The beach right in front of the hotel is kept very clean and has lots of lounge chairs. They even cleaned the ocean floor of rocks in that area. If you want some privacy, you can walk 2 minutes to either side and be alone. The view is great, nice crescent shape, and the sunsets truly spectacular. You can have a drink and watch the sun go down and color the clouds. The courtyard is also very beautiful, and well laid-out. It has pretty landscaping and birds are singing. There is a giant chess game you can play. We never ate at the hotel restaurant, since we prefer simple local foods rather than international cuisine. We did have a sandwich at the beach bistro, which was good.The pool is pretty but full of kids. In a way that's good since that kept the beach area quiet. Again, we were there during a school vacation so this was probably the worst case scenario.Our room was great. We got upgraded from a deluxe to a one bedroom suite (not sure why but perhaps because we booked through a travel agent), so we had a nicely decorated living/dining area and kitchen with all the basic necessities. The bedroom was nicely furnished too. It had a little balcony (the view from our balcony was not that great, just partial ocean, the rest residential buildings on the property). Bathroom was fine.Small hings we didn't like (minor annoyances): There were only 3 hangers in the closet and when we asked for more they didn't have any. Extra pillows were also not available. The printer in the computer room was not working. (However, they let me use the computer in their office to print out our boarding passes.) They charge for tv or even the satellite music channels. Only one station was free access. On the upside, they had a lot of pay per view movies to choose from. And finally, you could hear some traffice on route 115 in our room. It's not a big road (two lanes) but it is the main road into town and so it is busy. In some rooms right on the beach perhaps you wouldn't hear it. The service was friendly, the room and bathroom were very clean every day, but they don't do your dishes.The staff at the front desk was helpful and suggested a good local restaurant. Their snorkeling/diving and other trip operator is no longer in business though so although they have some flyers of other operators, none are affiliated with the hotel (even though they are still listed in the services book in the room).The location is good and easy to get to, about 30 to 45 mins from Aguadilla airport. You will need a car as there is nothing in walking distance of the hotel. Rincon is a short drive away. Overall we were quite happy at Rincon Beach Resort, and it was a very comfortable place to return to at night after exploring during the day.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lasami
<Content>This is not Rincon After much research and consideration of where to stay in rincon, puerto rico, I choose the rincon beach resort because I was marveled by its website and gorgeous pictures. I was dissapointed during my stay because of its service. The resort, first of all, is not in RINCON, it is in ANASCO, the next town over. This is important to note for those who seek the watersport adventures, diving, surfing, and nightlife experience that Rincon has to offer because the resort is a good 20-25 minutes away from all the action. There is not much around to do, or eat, because of its seclusion, and you have to definately drive everywhere. The resort is beautiful and very very clean. This is a major plus. The grounds are kept immaculate and it has security. However, it's a shame that their service is not to please the tourist. Breakfast ends at 10am sharp and if you got up late and want a cup of coffee, you have to get in your car and drive. We ordered lunch and ate it by the pool and it came in a basket with no utensils or napkins. The cheeseburger looked like raw meat and you would have been better off a a fast food place. NO KETCHUP in the whole entire resort. We asked for it for the fries and they looked at us like we were from another planet. My father had a splitting headache from laying too much out in the sun and I went to ask front desk to open the giftshop and sell me a tylenol. This was around 5pm. Their response was the girl that runs the shop went home already and she has the keys. No one else, not even the manager had the keys to open the shop and the front desk could not do anything about it. I had to call a friend who lives 25 min away to bring us Tylenols to the complex. Is that incredible or what, this is 2006 people!!!Another major no no for this resort is their food. The only restaurant they have, not cheap may I add, has so so food. And given that everything else is so far away if you are the type of traveler that does not like to go out of the resort wandering, you are stuck with this restaurant and their strick serving schedules. Beautiful POOL AND TIKKI BAR, no one ever there to take drink orders. THIS IS INCREDIBLE. Such a shame. They need to hire a barmaid, or bartender for the pool bar to be there from at least 11am to 4pm. You cannot get any drinks anywhere because the lobby bar does not open til the evening. RINCON BEACH RESORT please pay attention, this is for your own good I am writing this. You have a great place but you do not provide the services that go along with such a complex. Get some live jazz or some activity going on here on the weekends. This place is dead and but for the clean rooms has nothing else to offer.John and Christina Langone, and Sami Perez  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed My girlfriend and I stayed at the Resort, and I use the term loosely, for 3 nights. I made my reservation 1 month ahead of time to make sure I get a Deluxe Oceanview room as seen on their website. When we showed up, they claimed that they didn't have my reservation and the only room they could give us was a suite with a partial oceanview. Only binoculars made this a partial oceanview and the desk clerk calimed that the only rooms with an ideal oceanview were the junior suites which is not accurate according to the website. If so, what exactly is a deluxe oceanview room? We decided to give the only restaurant in the resort a try. It took me 3 tries to get a drink and someone over to take our order. Once we did place our order we sat there for a little over an hour until I decided to get up and inquire about our food, meanwhile other people who came in after us were almost on dessert. Not to be rude , but these people were spanish speaking and I think this had something to do with our lack of service. All in all, waiters and hostesses were rude and unattentive, some desk clerks were helpful, just a disappointing experience. San Juan is a much better choice and if you do take your chances here, don't plan to have fun with water sports or seeing any whales, it's just not going to happen. I've stayed in San Juan before and there is much more to see and do.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lopeytt
<Content>Would stay again We stayed at the Rincon Beach Resort the first week of February. It was a little smaller than I expected, but nice and peaceful. We had great service the entire time, which really made a big difference. We were initially given a room that looked out on the parking lot and was behind the restaurant, but when we asked for a change the desk clerk was very accommodating. The room wasn't luxurious, but we found it nice enough. There were a few small negatives -- a tile missing in the shower, the towel rack fell down, and the lampshades were discolored on the bottoms. Other than that, it was fine--clean, comfortable, and quiet. The hot tub and pool were really enjoyable (although there were some cigarette butts lying around that drove my husband crazy). We liked the restarant for breakfast and the snack bar by the pool was convenient with decent food and good service. Our favorite thing in the hotel was the small bar in the lobby, which is where we watched the Super Bowl with the bartender. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kikico
<Content>Good but not great My boyfriend and I stayed at the resort for a long weekend over Thanksgiving weekend, 2005. Overall, the resort was clean and nice. It was not super-luxurious--the buildings appeared to be fairly cheap construction, and the rooms were basic but the decor was up to date. The pool was very nice, however if you don't like children I would not recommend this resort. I happen to like children, but they were everywhere--jumping in and out of the hot tub, pool, etc. Just not a couples place. My major complaint was that the bathtub in our room was broken (the drain would not retain water), and the staff wasn't the best at responding the situation. They said it would be fixed by morning, but it was not. Again they sent someone up again the next day and we were finally told that it was unfixable. Okay. So we asked if there was another room and were told that the other available room also had a broken bathtub. Also, there were two more slight problems. When we arrived, I pulled down the covers to go to bed and there was a large stain (hopefully a water stain?!) on the sheets--though they did look pressed and clean otherwise. They did send someone to change them immediately. Lastly the hot water in the shower was not too consistant.So, overall it was nice, but a bit inconsistant in the quality. I would probably return, if I didn't feel like forking out the big bucks to go to the Horned Dorsett.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>guilford104
<Content>Quite lovely The Rincon Beach Resort is located just south of Rincon on the west coast of Puerto Rico. The resort is clean, well-staffed and right on the beach. The room was comfortable with a great view of the water. The pool is clean and well maintained and the hot tub is nice. There are comfortable chaises right on the beach and the sand is soft and the water warm. The restaurant is fine for breakfast but there are more interesting places to eat dinner in town if you want to get into the car. We would go back again, a nice place to take the family. There is a great snorkeling beach up the road in Rincon off route 413, Playa Escalante. Bring your own gear.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful and lovely When my husband and I got married, we decided to spend our honeymoon there. We arrived a little bit late, but when we got there we liked the view. Even though we live here, we had a wonderful experience. Our room was very nice and clean, the pool is not awsome but you can enjoy and relax there. The parador is not all luxury but is a good place to have a quiet and pleasant time with your loved ones. We recomend it to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>claudinem
<Content>Nice looking, and clean       Entrance  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not return I have to wonder if my husband and I stayed at the same resort as all of the other guests who have written reviews.Our experience was less than pleasant. From the beginning we were greeted or better yet not greeted by a bell man who never delivered our luggage. After a few calls to the front desk, we finally received our luggage. Our greeting at check-in was less than enthusiatic. We specifically asked if an upgrade would be possible and immediately were told no although the hotel did not appear to be at full capacity. The setting of the resort is lovely, however calling it a resort is a stretch. There is no room service, only one restaurant- good food but definitely expensive. The pool does have a swim up bar- no stools and kids love to use the bar as a diving board, oh and the bartender is nowhere to be found half the time. Being that we stayed in Puerto Rico, I would have expected the English to be more abundant among the staff. Luckily I am bilingual, so I was able to get by. Other issues inlcuded receiving keys that did not function, no hot water in the shower, requesting a wake up call that we never received, being told that a taxi would be called for us and never having one called. Although most of the hotel was kept clean, there were spots that were continuously missed. All in all the staff was not friendly and not very helpful. We would not return.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Quiet Getaway My wife and I spent a week here and loved this resort! The rooms are simple and clean and the staff is very friendly. It is in a great location for exploring other areas or just relaxing on the beach. The resort restaurant is just average, so explore and find cheaper, better meals such as at Antojos. We especially loved watching the sunsets on the beach with a bottle of wine!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a little out of touch clean, friendly, convenient location.But the blaring music on friday night in the middle of the main courtyard is too much; well I hope I didn't have to pay extra for this performanceStill here, and the do-tink-to is blaring away on the 5$ casio keyboard and 100000 (ok, an exageration) watt peavy amps at 11pm.Would have given it a good review, but the putting green has a single lefty putter for someone under 5ft tall; the sailboats that you can see, you cannot use. Waitstaff has serious problems with english from time to time. The hot tub is kinda warm.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time I recently spent 2 wonderful weeks at the Rincon Beach Resort. This was my second stay at the resort and I have to say I continue to be impressed by the quality of service and ammenities. All of the staff are accomodating,courteous and anxious to please. The onsite manager is a consumate professional. For anyone venturing to this paradise, I recommend Rincon Beach Resorts.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarck
<Content>Rincon Beach Resort Rocks! We had read only a couple reviews about this hotel before we headed to Rincon Beach Resort so we realized we were taking a gamble. But both the town and the resort made us feel like we made the right choice after our 5-day stay. The staff at the resort upgraded us upon check in from a room to a suite. All food and drinks (except dinner) was covered in our room rate. The room was amazing -- clean, comfortable and had an excellent view of the private beach. We rarely go anyplace twice, but we would go here again.. and again... and again...  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Emardi
<Content>Great find! Lovely and relaxing We have just returned from a week at the Rincon Beach Resort. The place is very nice. We enjoyed every minute of it. I am definitely returning in the winter. The beach was wonderful. The sand is white, the sky was blue and you can walk for more than an hour and not even cover half of the beach stretch. We also enjoyed the pool which is very nicely located in front of the beach with a wet bar and hot tub. We had dinner outside by the pool and beach and on the restaurant terrace. The food was great. In the evenings the music in the lobby bar was very nice. On a couple of evenings we ventured out of the resort and found very nice local spots to dine and enjoy. Everything from a relais and chateaux restaurant to a fonda (name which they use to reference a local joint).The resort was modestly price and I definitely think we got more than our monies worth. I am looking forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Relaxing We're just back from 3 nights at the RBS. Overall, this hotel is above average in terms of the quality of the service, the ambiance and the resort employees. The beach is very nice as it is secluded and the water is clear, with no waves at all. Our room was very nice with an ocean view, 2 queen beds and balcony. There is only one restaurant, open for breakfast and dinner and there's a snack bar by the beach for lunch. We found the breakfast and lunches to be good for the money but the dinner was way too expensive and not that good. Fortunately, there are good local restaurants within a short drive. Overall, we think we will probably go back to the RBS in the future.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort Pretty well kept, clean...friendly staff. Food/drinks on the high end for the location...overall a pretty enjoyable experience.No lights @ the pool @ nite due to turtle nestings! Water not to clean @ the beach..but whole area is the same. Area restaurants are ok, however Rincon Tropical wait was over 1.5 hrs for mahi-mahi ..I guess they guys went fishing for the fish, huh! I wouldn't recommend this restaurant due to excessive wait time .....  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>whyersc
<Content>Nice Hotel, Very Relaxing We stayed for 10 days at this hotel and really enjoyed ourselves. The grounds are very clean and well landscaped. Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly desk clerk telling us we were upgraded to a 1 bdrm suite - which essentially was a condo. It was extremely clean and quite comfortable. The lobby is just lovely being completely open with a stunning view of the manicured courtyard, pool and ocean. The lobby is filled with nice furniture arrangements to mingle with guests, sit alone or sit at the bar. There's a business office, too, which offers free internet service - which was very convenient.I do agree with comments on keeping the beach more litter free. On the weekends it attracts more guests and locals and it should have been cleaned throughout the day. It wasn't awful, but it could have been cleaner. There's plenty of lounge chairs to go around too which is nice. The pool is fantastic and the swim-up bar is nice but I was frustrated more than once when a bartender could not be found at the pool or in the lobby - even at peak times. I'm on vacation! I want to those foo-foo drinks! The restaurant's menu is great if you're a beef eater - I'm not and was challenged not to have several repeat dinners. My hubby did rave on several of the steak dishes. Meals are a bit on the pricey side - like $20 for fish and $6 for a dinner salad - which is not included in the meal. They do have a GREAT wine list.There are great beaches to the north and south of this hotel if you're up for a little adventure driving around. Getting to the hotel IS NOT a problem. Although I did find the map on their website to be incorrect. From the SJU airport you take HWY 26, not 52. All else is correct. Roads are all well marked. It takes 2.5 - 3 hours from SJU.We would absolutely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Review by PR native I try to be as critical as possible of most of the places I visit on the island just because as an islander I see what we provide visitors in terms of accomodations, service, friendly treament, ammenities, etc.I stayed with my wife overnight as a quick getaway before she gives birth to our first child later this month (june 2005). We stayed on May 21st. Unfortunately the beach was very dirty due to recent heavy rains and rivers that drain into the sea not too far from the resort. But the pool and poolside bar were enough for our short stay. The staff doesn't do a good enough job of keeping the pool clean on a daily basis. There are several big trees near the pool that during this time of year are pollinating and their little flowers end up in the pool. The poolside bar is very convenient.The resort layout is fantastic. It has an ample courtyard in the middle surrounded by the guest room towers (just 6 floors high). Not all the towers have ocean views but the ones that do have are premium. The rooms are confortable and very nicely decorated. Ours was a little musty smelling and the bed comforter needed replacement. Some dust from the ceiling stucco had fallen on top of the bed when we arrived, probably due to filtration problems. The bathroom was quite large for a hotel but the shower head and water pressure were horrendous. Otherwise, very clean and well put.The landscaping on the grounds is well kept and gives the resort a nice laid back feel. The trees on the courtyard are healthy and when in bloom look fabulous. As you make your way into the hotel there is a direct line of sight from the lobby through the courtyard and to the pool area and ocean horizon. That is great architectural design. It gives you a sense of place as soon as you get there. The lobby is open and has a small bar for a mid afternoon drink or post meal cocktail.We only had breakfast at the restaurant but although pricey, the food is very good and plenty. Their dinner menu is mostly meats and is supposedly real good. They have an open kitchen so you see your food being cooked.The size of the resort is perfect. It's small but well proportioned so nothing is too far but at the same time you don't feel crammed up.I'd reccommend this resort to anyone coming to visit PR or any local looking for a quick retreat.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 day Getaway               More photos  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and quiet Went there in early may 2005 for 3 days; upon arrival (on a Tuesday), there were about 5 people in the hotel, so the whole pool and beach was ours;Hotel room: very clean with ocean view, newly built, nice balconies, refrigerator, built-in-safe, clean bathroom; Pool: clean, large; the jacuzzi worked only on the day of our arrival, then they cleaned it and opened it up two days later when we were leaving;Beach: small, nothing specialFood: did not try the food in their restaurant since there were so few people in and thought we're better off going out to Rincon and Malaguyez; drinks at the poolside bar were very good, but a little on the expensive side ($5-7 each)Local area: having a car is a must; we went out to eat for every meal except breakfast; the closest decent restaurant is about 1/2 mile towards Rincon, called The carriage or something like that; Many other choices in the surrounding cities;Driving: not as bad as other complained (however I'm born in Europe and used to this type of traffic); just don't rent a huhe SUV and you'll be fine.The downside: Isolated from the city, gets boring if you don't have a carConclusion: if a quiet sunny beach away from the rest of the world is your thing, then this is the place  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greate Getaway! While the drive from San Juan was kind of grueling, the Rincon Beach Resort was definitely worth the trip. We arrived in late January, just in time to miss the major blizzard that hit the Northeast. The hotel itself looks even better than pictured, very pretty. The room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. We had an ocean view on the third floor and were treated to a beautiful sunset each evening as we dressed for dinner. Except for a few fallen leaves, the beach was clean as was the pool. The poolside bar was a real treat, most any drink was available there. The food at the beach snack bar was good and fairly reasonable. The hotel restaurant was outstanding but the dinner menu was fairly expensive. There is a nice breakfast buffet, also menu offerings. Because we always had a late breakfast, we never tried the lunches. Even though it's still the Atlantic Ocean, the water was a deep blue color, not the grey we're used to in New Jersey. Because the resort is located in a cove, the water was calm with relatively few waves, and very clear. The hotel is surrounded by mountains, very scenic. The surrounding neighborhood is very relaxed with a lot of inexpensive bars. Friendly area. Staff at hotel was great. Though I rated the hotel as 4 stars, above average, it really was an excellent experience and I would return to Rincon in a moment!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ezmax
<Content>A very nice resort We are just back from 4 nights at the Rincon Beach Resort (April 4th to 8th, 2005). We had a great time!!!We (my wife and my son (3)) stayed in the Deluxe room on the 2nd floor: the room and the bathroom were clean and the balcony was facing west for great sunsets (when it didn't rain).The resort is a bit expansive; we ate at the restaurant the first night, the food was very good, but a bit to expansive for our budget. All other nights, we went to Rincon for dinner: local food is fantastic, and the prices are very acceptable (for food and drinks). We had breakfast at the resort, they have a nice buffet, but the menu is also very good (if you are 2 adults, I recommend one of you to choose from the menu). For lunch the pool side restaurant offered some great sandwiches, burgers...Contrary to the previous review, the beach and the pool were clean (no cigarette buts ...) the beach was pretty calm, it's not yet the Caribbean sea, so it's not blue, but it's very clear. The pool was nice (a bit of sand in the bottom). My son loves to play in the sand, and we did not find anything dangerous while making sand castles.Rincon is a very nice little town, we went to the lighthouse, check out some surfers, there is also a science museum but it was close (it's open in the morning). You need a car to enjoy some site seeing. And if you have forgot beach toys for your kids, don't worry there are plenty of stores (Kmart and others) where you can get all these things.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>McC60
<Content>Dissapointment at it's best We just returned from a stay March 24-29, 2005. The pictures you see of the Rincon Beach Resort are in fact accurate, because they are far away. We were sorely disappointed in this resort hotel. We stayed there for 5 nights, but would have left if we had not already paid in full up front. The rooms are fine, but the bathroom is very small - with 4 people it makes it almost unmanageable. The pool was dirty - kids dumping their drinks it it daily and the stuff from the trees falling into it (this can't be helped, but the drink thing can). The giant hot tub would have been inviting had it not been green - all the toddlers and kids played in it! The pool bar ran out of most all of the food by friday (we arrived Thursday) and their excuse was  it's the weekend - wouldn't that be when a hotel would be MOST supplied? They also ran out of many of the bar mixers. The food at the restaurant was good, but very expensive. The food at the pool bar was all fried. We only ate breakfasts there and ventured into Rincon and Mayaguez for other meals. Beware - the drinks are expensive as well. The beach was a total disappointment. The sand is so full of rocks, seashells, cig butts and branches that it's difficult to walk out on. The water is a lovely shade of brown. No caribbean blue found here! There is no concierge either. No motorized sports around and only beat up paddle boards and boats to rent. Go elsewhere for entertainment. The one thing that I really couldn't stand was that the stairwells were filthy. Food, dead bugs, gum and worst of all hair!!!!! EEEEW! They weren't cleaned once in the 5 days we were there! They did show movies outside one night (friday, I think) and had an outrageously loud band playing in the center plaza until 10. Other than that - the only thing to do is catch sun. That's about it. The resort buildings are really pretty, but this resort has a lot of work to do if it wants to compete with others in the area.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place, lousy beach Just got back from Puertp rico, spent 2 nights in the Rincon Beach resort. I have to pay homage to the photoshop work on their brochure. The water is not blue, the sand is not white and the mountainside is barren. I seldom complain and the service was good and the food good but very pricy but Rincon by the seas is the place to be., dinner was great and the grounds were awsome! I'm a fanatic for blue water and white sand and do not recommend this place to others seeking a great beach- you can find a nice pool in someome's backyard.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A terrific find in Rincon My family (2 teen-agers and husband) just returned from a 6 night stay at the Rincon Beach Resort. We loved it and are looking forward to returning next year. The rooms were above average, not luxurious, but certainly adequate. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The food was just okay, and pretty expensive, but if you rent a car there are many other dining options in the town of Rincon. We thought the pool area was spectacular and enjoyed some of the water sports that are available for a nominal fee. The ocean is like a lagoon on this side of town. For super body surfing go over to Maria's or Sandy Beach. We very much recommend this resort!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Went for Valentine's Dinner, must have been an off night Did not stay here but had dinner on Valentine's Day 2005 by the pool. One security light lit the area with no candles on the tables. It was so dark, we could not see the menus nor could the waitress see her paper. She was sweet but very confused by our requests and could not speak English well. It took forever for the meal and the dishes were served sporadically to the four of us. Finally, our meals were very good but we received a side dish so full of salt it was inedible. In all the price was VERY high for Rincon, where we have vacation home, and the pool front dining needs some thought. In all fairness, last year we had dinner in the restaurant and it was just great. We came back expecting the same and were disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gurumanjohn
<Content>The New Puerto Rico Beaches Just returned from 6 days at the Rincon Beach Resort with my wife and adult daughter. It's on the Western end of Puerto Rico. Takes about 2 hours by car from San Juan. Lots of nice, secluded beaches. Good surfing if that's your thing and lots to see and do within a one hour drive in all directions. We chose to veg out on the hotel beach and at their very nice pool. Rooms are good, nothing terribly special, but more than adequate. Food at the hotel is ok, but very expensive. Get in the car and go out. There are at least a dozen beach shack restaurants within ten minutes of the hotel and another twenty or thirty within another fifteen minutes. These all have fresh fish, prepared simply but well. You can get a good meal for about $18 per person. There are also some great restaurants (Horned Dorset, for example) in the area, but be prepared to pay $80-100 pperson with drinks and wine. The online travel sites generally have good discounts on this hotel. You can fly into Aguadilla Airport if you like but for some reason the flights arrive there at strange hours. The drive from San Juan is enjoyable unless you run into rush hour in Camuy (about half way). All in all, a nice change from the eastern end of the island and a relatively good bargain.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CurlyDee
<Content>A new found love for my native country!!!! I just returned from my last vacation as a single person with my parents and little brother at Rincon Beach Resort being that i'm getting married in July. I can honestly say that I have never been anywhere so beautiful in Puerto Rico or any other tropical island. Being Puerto Rican, I've never traveled to that side of the island being that the rest of my family lives on the East side by San Juan and Arecibo. Walking in was breathtaking as well as the ocean view, hotel room view, and courtyard view. It was UNBELIEVABLE in a word. My little cousins and my aunt accompanied us as well and we agreed to come right back next year in February (which is DEFINITELY the best time of the year to go....every other time is too hot or rainy). The food was good but pricey. There are couple of family restaurants nearby that are a little more economical. The towel key was a little inconvenient but not that serious. They give you as many as you want and never bother you. Drinks in/by the pool ROCKED!! The life size chess board for kids were great too! They even had a water works hour of entertainment for the kids of the poor on Saturdays! I truly enjoyed my stay and I hope this helps!! :o)  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Rincon Beach Resort         
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobgrover79
<Content>Paradise Found We used this site to choose our hotel and are happy to report we were not disappointed. We chose Rincon Beach Resort over Villa Confressi and Rincon Beach Resort and feel we made the right choice. If you are looking for a quiet, relaxing resort in Puerto Rico, away from the hustle and bustle, you need to consider this place.  Rincon Beach Resort is a newer 4 story hotel with about 65 rooms. All rooms face the ocean and overlook the pool. Everything was very clean and very nice. The staff was great but we were not very demanding and didn't interact with them much. The pool is long and skinny and is between the hotel and the beach. There is a deck between the pool and beach lined with lounge chairs. the beach is sandy and clean but somewhat steep along the water. There is a light surf that pounds the beach but is poor for boogie boarding. We saw many children playing in the surf with little risk.  We were there from 2/7-2/9, 2005 and stayed in a jr. suite. We payed $200 plus tax. The room was nice with a king bed, sofa bed, large patio with table and chairs, and a huge bathroom with jacuzzi. We loved it.  Rincon is a somewhat remote, location 2.5 hours from San Juan. You can Fly into Mayagues which is only 15 minutes from Rincon but we flew into San Juan and rented a car. We were glad to have a car as it allowed us to explore a little. If you are going to drive, be prepared for a lot of congestion, pot holes and agressive drivers.   We ate at several great restaurants as recommended by the hotel staff. The Black Eagle is located near the marina about 1 mile north of town. The Lazy Parrott is on top of the hill along 413. El Nuevo Flamboyan is half the way down 4400 on your way to Sandy Beach. All were supurb and we highly recommend them all. We also ate lunch at Redbeards, a little taco stand at the south intersection of 115 and 429 just 1 mile from Rincon Beach Resort. The gringo who runs the stand was interesting and made great food.  Rincon is a gringo surfer hangout as the waves north by the lighthouse are some of the best around. Otherwise, it appears to be a Puerto Rican weekend and vacation destination. It is off the beaten path and just what we wanted.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sambuca
<Content>Great Staff! Beautiful resort! The staff was wonderful! Our only complaint was that our room seemed to attract alot of noise in the morning, particularly banging, which seemed to be coming from housekeeping. I guess we could have said something, but everything else was perfect, so we just let it go. We would reccomend this hotel to anyone, we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place but quirky policies and service The good....The Rincon Beach Resort is a pretty facility located on a great stretch of beach. It is a great place for families with kids. We had a suite with two bedrooms attached, which worked well. The place had a nice kitchen. If you don't get a suite, the rooms might be a little small on their own. The beach is beautiful and the hotel pool and hot tub are big and very nice.The bad....We had some issues with the hotel. First, we did not get the room we had reserved. We had reserved a nice room closer to the beach and ended up getting a room in a different building. We were charged the price for the room we got, which was lower than the price of the room we were supposed to have, but we were disturbed that they would change our reservation without consulting us. Also, they charged us for the full amount for our stay and did not deduct the deposit we had paid to reserve our room. Once we contacted the front desk, they corrected the error, but we felt they should not have made that error in the first place.The hotel has an annoying beach towel policy. They give you cards which you have to turn in at the front desk for a towel. It would have been nice if they had a place near the pool and beach to do this. The front desk was always busy and we had to wait in line each time we needed a new towel.The hotel fitness center was a joke. It was in a small room that was hot and humid. It had a treadmill, a stationary bike and a mulitpurpose nautilus machine. None of these worked well.The hotel provided entertainment nightly. The musicians were loud and we could hear them from our room with all the doors and windows shut. I can't imagine what it was like if you went down to the courtyard where they were performing.Lastly, the resort is on the other side of the island from the main airport. It isn't far in miles, but it took over 2 hours to get to it from San Juan because the highway doesn't go all the way to Rincon. Puerto Ricans are crazy, dangerous drivers so be careful. We felt the resort was too far from San Juan to go in for a day of shopping.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEAUTIFUL BUT REMOTE We went to Rincon Beach Resort on our honeymoon. It was our first time in Puerto Rico, and our first time in the Carribbean. We usually like to travel to European destinations but thought we would try a relaxing holiday after the hustle and bustle of the wedding. We were looking forward to spending time at Rincon Beach Resort, relaxing and calming down. Although it was beautiful, it was remote. You definately need to have a car in western Puerto Rico. There are a lot of great sights to see (Camuy Caves, Ponce, Coffee Plantation, etc.) but you need to drive for a while to see any of them. The hotel was beautiful and the pool area was nice and quiet. The beach was a little dirty however, and could have used a good raking. The rooms were tidy, we had a nice view of the ocean from our deck and it was nice to read out there in the mornings. When we arrived, they put us in a pretty ugly room, and we asked to switch and they were very accommodating. I was expecting a great experience from the Resort, especially based on the cost, but we were left with an ok taste in our mouth. If the remoteness doesn't bother you, it is a nice place to get away to. However, it seemed like there were better, more beautiful, more service oriented, more architecturally interesting Resorts to stay at in wester Puerto Rico. For the price, we were expecting more.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Resort is almost perfect Hello! My girlfriend and I just returned from a 5day 5night stay at the Rincon Beach Resort, and are INCREDIBLY relaxed, and VERY satisfied. The food there is EXCELLENT. One thing to remember is: THE PRICES ARE THE SAME AS IN THE STATES. You are NOT in Mexico, and you are NOT in the D.R. You are in a commonwealth of the U.S., and therefore the dollar is the currency, and the prices reflect the american economy, so therefore you are at a nice resort, so you will be paying $20 - $30 a night for dinner. If you remember this, and are ok with this, everything with be wonderful. We had a very comfortable bed, in a very clean room overlooking the pool and the ocean. The water pressure is awesome and the walls are thick, thick, thick so you don't hear anyone else's business. The beach is very clean and the pool is within feet of the ocean. The breakfast buffet has great variety of food and if you eat enough you won't really need lunch, so the cost pans itself out... for a snack you can drive up to KAPLASH, an empanadas place 1 minute to the north of the resort that is very cheap, and very good. RENTING A CAR IS A MUST- if you want to do anything outside of the resort. Also- they are kind enough to furnish each room with an empty mini fridge, basically encouraging you to purchase food and beverages at the local markets to subsidize the expensive food if you are worried about costs... but again, it must be noted that the food is expensive primarily because of its quality- I had the Aregentinean Style Steak at least 4 times, and was impressed every time- and I have eaten at Peter Lugers and The Palm in NYC many times, but this steak was some of the best I had ever had. And for brunch there is unlimited Lox (smoked salmon) that my girfriend must have eaten a half pound of every morning... such good food!!!We were lucky in that we had great weather- It rained one day, so we went to this lighthouse and saw humpback whales- then we went to a great surfboarding bar/restaurant called Calypso which was a great vibe.It's important to note, however, that this place is full of family reunions and therefore tons of kids! We went the week between xmas and new years which may account for so many children but there were definitely more family with kids than adults alone. Depending on the family, of course, some kids were alone most of the time without parents, which is a downfall when some kid is eating a donut in the hot tub.Overall, we had a great time and would recommend the place to others. Beautiful beach, great food, nice rooms, relaxing time.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Beach Location for everyone We just returned from a 4-day stay at RBR over the Thanksgiving weekend. I had read all previous reviews and couldn't decide between this property and Rincon of the Seas, but the fact the RBR had refrigerators tipped the scales for us, with three children, ages 8, 3, and 1. This is a prime beach location, with the beach only steps away from any of the rooms, and the infinity pool very conveniently located at the edge of the sand, with a boardwalk separating the pool and beach. The water in the sea was calm and warm, and the pool and hot tub were ideally situated. Despite the holiday weekend, we felt that it was not very crowded. We were able to reserve shaded beach chairs both on the boardwalk (next to the pool) and on the beach itself, near the water. By Sunday afternoon, we felt like we were the only ones there--in fact there were only eight cars in the parking lot!For families, the location is ideal--the restaurant was rather pricey and too formal for our active kids, so we got up early the first day and drove into Rincon on Route 115 to a grocery store and bought provisions for all of our breakfasts and snacks (hence the necessity of a refrigerator). After a full day at the pool/beach, we ventured out toward Mayaguez on Route 115 and then Route 2 and found a shopping plaza with several restaurants and fast food chains. If we had stayed longer we might have tried Brasas, the onsite restaurant, which also had a children's menu with at least five different items at $6.95 each. The resort caters to couples and families alike, and we felt that the staff was friendly and quite accomodating. Small inconveniences about the room were quickly remedied, and the ocean view room with balcony came with a stunning view. The room was clean and smelled clean as well. One downside was the fact that on Monday morning there was no water, as the reserve tanks were empty, and we had to wait until noon for reserve water trucks to arrive from San Juan. For a quiet, relaxing, stunning beach location, consider this property. Do note that there is no shopping in the immediate area--we weren't able to purchase any souvenirs at all until we went to the airport. I would consider a car a must for this location. Traffic was never too bad, and at one point we traveled in 15 minutes from the resort to the university in Mayaguez during the late afternoon rush hour.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lawgirl2831
<Content>Seemed like a nice place to relax We did not stay here - I was deciding between this place and the Ponce Hilton and we ended up staying at the Hilton - mainly because it was a name-brand and I stay at a lot of Hiltons so I have a good status with them for perks.However, my boyfriend and I drove up to Rincon from Ponce one Sat afternoon and we stopped by this hotel - mainly because I was curious about it after coming so close to staying there.We obviously did not see the rooms or eat in the nice restaurant which is only open for dinner. But we saw the grounds, which were very nice and clean and the beach - which was very nice- much nicer than the Ponce Hilton. The pool was small, but clean and nice. The beach was very nice - nice trees right in the sand for shade which was a great touch. We ate at the poolside bar for lunch - very over-priced and I agree with the earlier reviewer that all the food seemed heavy and deep-fried. The place was much more crowded than the Ponce Hilton - lots more folks at the pool and the pool was smaller and felt more crowded. Didn't look to be a lot of extra lounge chairs around. A good number of toddlers and under in the pool area. But the place did seem more lively than the Ponce Hilton.The water/beaches of Rincon were beautiful, but there was really not much in the area at all - a few fast food places and everything else about the place seemed very run-down.On the whole, the hotel seemed nice, but we were glad we chose the Ponce Hilton because it just seemed more relaxing - probably because it was bigger and therefore felt less crowded. The Rincon Beach Resort is probably a better choice if you are looking for a more lively feel or really want a nice beach. On the other hand, the Ponce Hilton is near Ponce which is the second largest city and there didn't seem to be much in Rincon at all - although you are only about a half hour/45 mins from Mayaguez which is a nice size town. The roads around Rincon - with the exception of the main road to get there - were small and felt crowded, so beware if you are a nervous driver.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time for us and the kids! We came to PR to visit friends and booked two rooms at the RBR for us and the two girls. If you ask our 13 year old she'll say she got a little bored (expected for a teenager) but you wouldn't say so if you saw her. The 7year old had a great time (there was even an activities coordinator for younger children) and she is already asking when are we going back. My husband and I couldn't make up our minds whether to go to the beautiful sandy beach or hang out at the pool bar. We loved the food at hotel restaurant, Brasa. Just a 10 minute walk (up a hill) is a small local restaurant with excellent turn overs and seafood called K-plash. We hope to return next year!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a wonderful time at Rincon Beach Resort! Jenni and arrived on August 27th. for 11 nights. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. The resort is beautiful and was definitely the ideal place for me to rest and enjoy the ocean and beach. The package we purchased entitled us to an upgrade, if available and we were given one that surpassed our expectations! Thank you Francisco.The food at the restaurant is expensive but it's very good. Actually, we ate at several local restaurants that were not that much less costly. The lunch food was a bit too much on the fried side for me but hey, it's not for a lifetime. I would love to see salads with different vegetables such as cucumbers, peppers, etc. but again, I can do this at home. On our last night the chef cooked arroz con camerones for us. It was the best meal of all.The beach runs on forever and the jungle borders directly onto it. There are no other hotels. The Rincon Bay water is very clean and the temperature is perfect. I am not interested in motorized water sports and I was very happy not to hear motors running. The pool is beautiful, the jacuzzi is a delight and there is plenty of shade either under umbrellas or on the beach under trees.I have only positive things to say about this property, the staff and the accommodation we had. I would return in a heartbeat especially, during a slow time because it is quiet. During the week before Labor Day the place was fairly empty and quiet. Exactly how I wanted my vacation to be.I do not recommend flying into San Juan and then flying American Eagle. Get a direct flight into Aguadilla, if possible. You will avoid luggage not making it onto American Eagle and weather delays, as well.I want to thank everyone who made our stay so fine and I want to remind visitors that when you present yourself in a friendly and open way, people on the other side of the counter do the same. Smiles and Buenas Dias and Hola go a long way to creating the atmosphere you, as a tourist want to have. It's not only up to the hotel staff to make your visit a good one, it's up to you to set the tone. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK...I guess? Well, I stayed at the Rincon Beach Resort for 5 nights and as soon as I walked into the lobby I said to myself,This is going to be nice, but much to my suprise, it wasn't all that great. I've been to Puerto Rico before but never stayed at a resort. Always stayed with family but this time we wanted to do something different. We were told there were water sports so here my husband is all excited thinking he's going jet skiing. There were no jet skis. Only a couple of kayaks chained up together and I saw not 1 person using them. The hotel was beautiful and the view breathtaking from the lobby and upstairs but the service was horrible. There wasn't even any room service. I sort of agree and disagree with the other reviewer for this resort. I thought the food was overpriced but it was good. At least what my husband and I ate was good. The waiters and waitresses were like nothing I've ever dealt with. They weren't even that friendly. We got free breakfast with our hotel package and when we went down to eat breakfast in the morning, they sat us down and never came back with a menu. We had to call another waiter over and ask for one. Then it took another while to put our order in. It's like we were suppose to go in the kitchen and cook it ourselves. As far as the little lizards running around, I didn't mind them at all because I've been to P.R. before and they're harmless. They run away from you. Overall, the hotel was ok. I wasn't ready to leave P.R. yet and the beautiful setting that I took thousands of pictures of. But I would have to think twice about going there again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost perfect. Just came back from spending a week at this resort. The setting is fantastic, very beautiful and surprisingly quiet (at least during the weekdays) it is conveniently located close to everything a family might need. Fantastic beaches, great local restaurants even fast food places kids might crave for. The restaurant was not expensive compared to other hotel restaurants. The food was very good. Puerto Rican dishes were very well executed. (My wife and I are puertorricans, born and raised there so I know what I'm talking about). Price wise this hotel has competitive rates for the type of resort and its amenities. Bear in mind the Puerto Rico tends to be an expensive market compared to other Caribbean Latin American locations. You have to remember that Puerto Rico is part of he U.S. and therefore have a cost and standard of living that is comparative to the mainland. There were a couple of annoying things the hotel management can fix. The beach towel cards. When you check in they give a towel card per person. Every time you want a beach towel you have to walk to the front desk and exchange the card for a towel. Loose the towel cards. That's kind of inconvenient and feels just plain cheap. Have a towel stand by the pool and make the towels available to guests as needed. This place is a beach resort, loose the dress code in the restaurant. I was denied sitting in the main room because I was wearing open toe sandals. They accommodate my family and I in a table outside in the courtyard. It was a very nice setting and I would have picked it if I were offered the choice. The hostess should have offered me an outside table when she saw me in sandals and only should have mentioned the dress code thing if I insisted on having a table in the main dinning room. The hotel management can do more to train their employees better or best, loose the dress code.The soap and shampoo dispensers in the room bathroom showers are just plain cheap. I get brand name soap bars and personal shampoo bottles in a Ramada at $50 a night. I understand that a lot of people do not use hotel provided bathroom products but they should be offered anyway. The penny pinching just hurt the image of an otherwise fantastic place. This resort seems to be very popular with local families and its service is very well tuned to that market. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I understand that this place gets really crowded with locals during spring and summer weekends. This is especially true during holiday weekends. For those looking for peace and quiet don't book this place during those times, besides the weekday rates are better. We puertorricans tend to be a little loud when we are having fun.I have done a lot of traveling across the US the Caribbean and Latin America and I can recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice tropical vacation.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Took care of it all! I stayed at Rincon Beach Resort the weekend of June 25th through the 27th. Before going I checked your website to see what i needed to be on the lookout for. I am very demanding with the service I receive on my vacations because, as a teacher, I am not wealthy and this is the only treat I afford myself.1.I read the staff was rude. They were not at all. I asked for a rollaway bed when we got to the room it was already there and two minutes after I cheked in somebody came by to make sure we had received it. At the restaurant I asked If i could take aout a bagel to my son who didn't want to come in for breakfast I thought they would say no since it was a buffet and expected the waiter to come back and tell me how much he would charge me instead he brought me a take out container.2.I read the food in the reastaurant wasn't that good and that it was pricey. I found that the menu was no longer wannabe italian they had changed it to Puerto Rican favorites. I did not eat there for dinner being puertorican I only eat my mothers Puertorrican food but the menu had my mother salivating. As far as the price was concerned it was typical of a hotel. The quality, freshness, flavor of the breakfast buffet and the lunch far exceeded my expectations.3. About the entertainment the night I arrived they had a latin jazz band that was really nice.SOME ADVICEDo a bit of grocery shopping before you get thereThere are supermarkets along the way were you can get anything you need. I had mimosa mix a lots of snacks.Mayaguez is ten minutes away and it has a movie theater(if you have kids like I do you need nightly entertainment) a bowling alley a mall.I love Rincon Beach Resort it is my dream to live in the hotel i have been to almost every fancy hotel on the island(Conquistador, El San Juan...)and it is still my favorite. What you see in the pictures as idillic as it may seem is the real thing, all you are missing is the warm gentle breeze.I almost forgot my son got stung by a jellyfish and this waitress in the middle of her lunch rush went out and got me some vinegar. I thought that was awesome!Hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Setting, Just Don't Let Them Entertain You It's a beautiful setting on a serene beach just south of the town of Rincon, (which turns up in the lyrics of the Beach Boys' Surfin' Safari.) The hotel itself is quite picturesque and our room was very comfortable, thanks to the fact that we were upgraded to one of the rooms with a patio overlooking the pool and the beach. The beach was ideal for lying under palm trees and sea kayaking, but our visit extended into the Easter holiday weekend and by Friday, it was no longer a tranquil placeDo yourself a favor and eat in the restaurant as infrequently as possible. The food is overpriced and mediocre at best and if you sit outside, you're likely to get more attention from the scavenging lizards than the waiters. Seek other dining options, like the very casual Keplash nearby and The Lazy Parrot, which is about a 20-minute drive away. (Some of the best recommendations came from the staff at the front desk, which was very helpful.) All in all, a pleasant week, with a notable exception, that being the somewhat bizarre entertainment the hotel provided over the holiday weekend. After returning to the hotel Friday evening we were treated to a screening of Bruce Almighty, with Spanish subtitles, in the courtyard. Something of an odd choice for Good Friday, but they were just getting warmed up. The next night we stayed in because my wife was not feeling well--a little too much time in the sun--and we were treated to a concert by a local Puerto Rican bar band, again in the courtyard, covering hits of the Beatles, the Beach Boys, the Stones. It was so loud the Stones would have complained, so loud that now, almost three weeks later, I can still hear echoes of the the din.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay We stayed at this hotel in March 2004 for 4 nights. We had a nice time. Since we were staying Monday night to Thursday night the hotel was very quiet. Beautiful architecture, great pool and hot tub. Nice wine bar in the lobby. The food at the hotel's restaurant and outdoor grill were very good. No happy hour, I guess it is only on certain weekends. The beach was great. Quiet and secluded. There is no spa at this hotel. I was a little disappointed that the front desk sign said that coffee was available to guests at no charge. Although you had to go to the restaurant to get it. Occasionally they were out of coffee if you went there after 10AM. Our room was clean with a refrigerator and a nice balcony. We had rented a car. There are not a whole lot of places to eat around there. We drove around a lot to find places to eat. According to our guide book, some restaurants are only open on the weekends there. We had no problems finding places. All in all we enjoyed our stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect small retreat We spent a full week here with my sister and her husband, and all of us loved the place. We were looking for a quiet and uncrowded beach, and this was it! Never more than a handful of others around, plenty of space, beautiful sand and water -- very friendly staff and nice perks like a business center (a room with hi-speed internet access), and a bar/lunch spot on the beach. We had a huge suite with a big living room and dining room and kitchen area, and there was a surprisingly good restaurant with some terrific Puerto Rican dishes as well as continental fare. We hesitated in booking because of a few negative reviews on this site but judged the weight of positive reviews sufficient, but we're really puzzled on return by the tone of the negatives -- this was a wonderful and friendly and peaceful spot, and wonder if the harsh negatives are planted by competitors? Anyway, we were thrilled we ignored the critics and recommend this place highly.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bubbles2055
<Content>Great Stay Just returned from 9 days at the Rincon Beach Hotel. We found the hotel to be lovely and the grounds, including the pool, to be one of the best beach hotels we have ever stayed in. I know people keep complaining about the staff, but we found them to be delightful when you tried to speak a little spanish and were polite. If you smile at people, they typically smile back. We also found the restaurant to be one of the best that we dined in during our stay. Breakfast buffet was included in our room package and it was wonderful every morning. The staff went out of their way to get my husband his usual bowl of oatmeal every morning and include it in the buffet. Our room was very nice with an ocean view and king size bed and we were very happy to fall asleep to the roar of the ocean every night. This hotel seems to attract mostly business people who are there for breakfast and then leave for the day. This left a very quiet pool area and a beach that was beautiful with no one on it. I would say the beach goes for 6-7 miles - we walked it every day and never could go whole way. Overall a wonderful place to stay!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not What We Expected   showReview(1726890, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inhospitable Staff, Beautiful Setting   showReview(1721024, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievably great   showReview(1681152, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marsha14057
<Content>A plea for tolerance   showReview(1511947, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arivera
<Content>Good hotel, but not quite what I expected   showReview(1511424, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I thought   showReview(1174064, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Time at the Rincon Beach Resort    showReview(1026874, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely and relaxing   showReview(858146, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I found a Paradise- but Rincon Beach found it first   showReview(835884, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but not worth the money   showReview(835168, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxnet
<Content>muy buen lugar   showReview(22412554, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauberes nettes Hotel   showReview(15573101, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boricuas_pr
<Content>Me gust贸 mucho.   showReview(10083633, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

