<Author>monavNewOrleans
<Content>Super stay at superb hotel! The room was beautiful, the bedding was dreamy, the hotel lobby is incredible and the restaurant on site is excellent. All the staff were very helpful, couteous, and friendly, especially Susie Anderson, who personally helped us with all our arrangements. Kudos Susie!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Wausau_WIWapper
<Content>First Post Katrina visit The week between Christmas and New Years was wide open in terms of getting a reservation in New Orleans. I went for the best 4-star deal on Hotwire.com and ended up here. For about $90 per night including the taxes it was a terrific deal. You do have to consider the extra $30-35 with tip per day parking fee if you drive to the hotel. Still with the location being just about walking distance to everything it can't be beat. The lobby was decorated tastefully for Christmas and was very quiet and secure considering the close proximately to Bourbon Street. The rooms were comfortable, but not elegant. We had a problem with the A/C the first night and it was promptly fixed after notifying the desk. There can be a lengthy wait to get your car out of valet, so allow plenty of time if you need to catch a reservation somewhere. Lastly, the only negative was the pool/spa was closed for renovation. This should have been called out. I had a couple of teenagers in tow and they were a bit disappointed in that.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BamaParrothead
<Content>Astor New Orleans OK, but prefer the Ritz at not much more $$$ We have just returned from staying 4 nights at the Astor Crowne Plaza. Hotel is a great location at the corner of Bourbon and Canal and is close to Harrah's, the Superdome and the nightlife on Bourbon. However, that was about the only positive thing about our stay. First off we had to wait forever to check in because there werent enough front lobby people behind the counters. Secondly, you need to know that they will take your car and park it like 5 blocks from the hotel so make sure you get everything you need when they take it to park it. If you don't they will go back and get it for you, but then you have to tip everytime they do it. We got to our room and the A/C didnt work properly. We turned the A/C all the way down to 65 (as low as it would go) and it would hardly ever come on and when it did, it was warm and humid with no air circulation. We had requested an interior room in the renovated section not facing Bourbon or Canal so at least our room was very quiet. However, with it being an interior room (there was a small window) we think that it contributed to the room being humid and warm. Three of us stayed in the room and we all left with a sore throat because of the room temp/air circulation. Next thing we wanted to do when we got there was take showers, and there were NO wash cloths! The entire time we had to ask the housekeeping staff to bring us washcloths. I called the front desk to complain and they said we should have them, but EVERY time they cleaned out room they only left us hand towels and regular towels. Oh and the bathroom is TINY, so is the shower--barely enough room to move around. The restaurant in the lobby was so-so and WAY overpriced. You can head down one of the side streets off Bourbon and get the same food for much less, guess they can charge that because of the location. Also, dont even think about ordering room service. We tried on 3 different occasions to order it and they would always say they would bring us a menu but never did. My recommendation would be to pay the extra $50 a nite and stay at the Ritz. All of our friends were at the Ritz and had a fabulous stay-and the Ritz is one block over in the same location. Their rooms were larger, more airy and the service there is impeccable.And watch coming in late. There is a really rude security guard that makes you show your room key to get in the building. This is totally understandable being that Canal at late hours is pretty dangerous, but he didnt have to be so rude about letting us in. Total jerk.And when I checked out, I found the hotel had booked two reservations under my name, including one with a no-show charge on my credit card. The manager said he would credit it back, and after making me wait 30 minutes he said he credited it back. Well I checked my card today and it was NOT credited back yet so I had to call and deal with the people there again.We had friends stay at other hotels like Hotel Monteleone and Bienville House and they all had great stays...check some of those out, plus they are closer to the French Market and Jackson Square.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>lgoodwood
<Content>Fabulous Location/Super Hotel       the lobby at Christmas  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rroge19
<Content>Loved the Astor The Astor Crown Plaza was wonderful. We stayed for New Year's Eve and had a blast. The service was impeccable, friendly staff, extremely fast room service. The location was unbeatable; the back door on Bourbon Street. Overall an incredible experience and I would ABSOLUTELY stay there again and would recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cm_NYC82
<Content>Nice hotel in the middle of the action This is a very nice hotel in the middle of all of the action. It is right off Bourbon and Canal, giving you immediate access to restaurants, bars, shops, and public transportation. The staff was great, room service was excellent, and the rooms were nice and big. The only complaints were regarding the water pressure and plumbing sounds. In the shower, the pressure would sometimes get so low it was practically off. Also, from our room we could hear the sound of the pipes/plumbing from other rooms. The hotel was also PACKED because it was the week Sugar Bowl and New Year's, so it might not be this bad at other times.Another note about the French Quarter in general, is that the city has done a lot of work, and it was very safe, with police everywhere you looked, and I found many of the negative stereotypes which I had heard before going down there were not true.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>brady1348
<Content>Pretty Solid Choice This hotel was nice. I wasn't overwhelmed by the staff or service or anything, but I was only there for 2 nights. My only complaint is that I requested on Hotels.com to be placed in the new part. When we arrived, the only king bed was in the old part. We decided to give it a try and got to our room to discover someone else was in there. When we went back ot the desk, they didn't seem too concerned. I didn't even see the room but the old part was kind of creepy and almost damp, so I said we wanted the new part even if we had to have 2 queen beds. Our room was great, no problems there. I was still irritated we couldn't get a king bed in the new part and that the front desk didn't seem bothered by our encounter in the old room. If I had been the lady in the room hearing people coming in, I would have freaked out.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not the greatest THe hotel is located at the corner of Bourbon and Canal Streets which meant that noise from Bourbon street was easily heard. We also clearly heard conversations from the room next door. The windows were dirty and needed cleaning. The cover for the airconditioner kept falling off. The corridors smelled musty. Eveyrtime the occupants of the room next door used their sink or flushed the toilet gases came up through the pipe of the sink in our room.We were in NO for 72 hours. The safe in the room did not work at all even though we complained and even though they sent someone to fix it. We therefore had to walk around with all of our money and credit cards on New Years eve when the crowd on the street was so thick.I won't stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>popuplily
<Content>Very comfortable Nice hotel in a good location. The room was clean and big enough for my grandson to crawl around and enjoy. All the rooms are non-smoking and the beds were comfortable. We were on the 12th floor on the Bourbon Street side and it was quite noisy. The valet parking is pricy ($31) and rather disorganized and slow.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harley1965
<Content>Great Place to Stay - The Astor Crowne Plaza My husband  I arrived on his 46th Birthday w/ friends and enjoyed a long  eventful weekend. Having never been to New Orleans' French Quarter, all I can say is Wow! Everything and everyone were great - hotel, people we met, clubs, shops, food, drink  fun! Loved the St. Louis Cathedral - don't remember the Homily - I was far too, mesmerized by the beauty of this great work of art  worship. The outdoor market was so much fun; spent lots of $  took care of most of our Christmas shopping. We will definitely return to the Big Easy in the future. Thanks for making these two Texans feel right at home!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travellingdr
<Content>Nice Location, don't pick the rooms in the older part Great property, great location. The first room we had was in the original part of the building...probably built in early 1800's....nice historically but spooky, rooms were smaller than my closet but the Front Desk clerk was nice enough to move us to the newer part of the hotel, rooms were much better still small but I wasn't carrying all my shoes ... I would recommend this place because of the location but still too pricey for the quality of the room  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boatech
<Content>Convenient French Quarter I just returned from a weekend with friends in New Orleans. We all stayed at the Astor Crown Plaza on the corner of Canal and Bourbon Streets. I have to say for the location this has to be one of the best hotels for comfort and convenience. It's close enough to the local attractions that you don't need a car or a cab, but it's also just far enough away from the the noise coming from Bourbon St. My room was on a corner on the 7th floor over looking Bourbon St. and I could barely hear anything. I was pleasantly surprised to find bathrobes in the closet and a refrigerator. Compared to the rooms my friends had, it seemed like I had a junior suite. (it could have been because it was on a corner) The restaraunt downstairs has wonderful food. Infact a lot of people seem to think so too because there were more than just hotel guest dining there. I have stayed in several hotels in and around the French Quarter area, and I have to say this one is becoming my favorite. When you walk in you feel like you are walking into a much classier hotel than one owned by Holiday Inn. The only complaint I had was the parking situation. You pretty much have to use the valet service and you have to make the block a couple of times before you can slide into the unloading zone. Once you get unloaded they inform you of the $31.00 a day fee for parking. I guess you have to expect that in a large city. I sucked it up and paid it just so I wouldn't have to search for parking on my own. Overall I would recomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malcolmandgrace
<Content>Would not stay here again... The location was great, on the corner of Bourbon and Canal, but from the start, the other average reviews were dead-on. Parking is problematic. There are about 5 spaces that you can pull into in front of the hotel on Canal Street. We had to circle around Canal once to get one of these coveted spots. (Not that we did, but don't even think about about double-parking on Canal.) I think we were lucky to circle around once because we were checking in at 10pm. The Valets hoarded the luggage carts in a luggage room in front of the hotel by the Canal St. entrance. I only saw one for the five cars parked in front of the hotel. We were not able to use one because our Valet mentioned that the room was locked.Checking in at 10pm there was no wait at the the Front Desk, but I think we caught the Front Desk Staff at the end of a very long day (no excuses for a 4 star hotel.) She was very harried and not particularly nice. AT FIRST, we we're staying in the Alexa tower? room #5501. Terrible. Only one of the key cards worked. The room overlooked one of the sidestreets and every possible noise on that sidestreet came right into the room, Where were the ear plugs and CD that everyone spoke of? I don't think they routinely let this room, because the A/C would not even turn on, but they did have an unsightly dehumidifier in the room. The room smelled intoxicatingly of paint fumes. You would think that if the room was let out often, the A/C would be working. We called the Front Desk who said that Engineering would be by to fix the A/C. We waited 30 minutes before calling again. This time, new Front Desk staff came on and said that it be another 30-40 minutes because of the time change. My husband asked for a new room and this was honored. Maybe, because this time he dropped the, Hi, this is DR. XYZ from...We were put into the Canal Tower room #740. Much better. A/C was already running and we had the ear plugs/eye mask/CD awaiting on one of the beds...not that they were needed. This room was so quiet compared to the first. No intoxicating paint fumes!The rest of our 3-night stay, we didn't really encounter rude Staff.As small as this issue is, it was an annoyance. The key cards seemed to work half of the time. We had those replaced on a daily basis. We did not keep them near a cell phone or a credit card. After we had them replaced the 3rd time, Front Staff sent Engineering to our room who checked out the door. They said that the door was working properly. I know that it was not us with the problem because a couple down our hallway asked us to help them get into their room with their key card and there was at least one other couple in line with us, each of our three times, who also had their key cards replaced.The fitness/pool areas (can't recall the floors) were closed for renovation, but this did not affect us and may have for other patrons. Would we stay here again? No. I'll stay at the Sheraton across the street. At least, there, you can pull into a covered passenger loading/unloading area with luggage carts that abound. The Sheraton was what we expected from a 4-star hotel and did not encounter problems worth mentioning on a review. We thought we'd give the Astor a try as it was also listed as 4 stars and had a convenient location on Bourbon/Canal.One more thing. Checking out was fast at 10am on Columbus Day morning. No wait. Our car was waiting for us. The Valet mentioned that the only time the shuttle is used is when they get super busy.Hope this helps!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Samsrobin
<Content>Problems stack up Our 3rd move/room was a downgraded room, from moves #1 and #2 (guess they wanted us to stop complaining-so we did). Complimentary continental breakfast was the offer to make up for problems, but a full breakfast would have been more appropriate.Staff was VERYpleasant, but the little things that make a stay exceptional were missing. (no TV for Mon. night football, no washclothes, no trash can, no ice machine on floor #9)Location is great and rooms were clean and comfy. Concierge was helpful, but could not print something we needed due to an empty printer cartridge.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycgirl43
<Content>Eh This hotel has a great lobby and a very helpful and considerate staff. It is in a pretty good location (canal/bourbon) and there isn't much noise in the rooms even though it's in a very busy area.However, the hotel is under construction and most of the amenities (such as the pool, fitness center, continental breakfast, etc) are NOT available at the current time.The room was ok but the air conditioner kept turning off. We originally booked a king bed and were given a double then had to move rooms one day into our stay for the king sized bed.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	5	3	

<Author>majorm
<Content>Great Location Our room was small, but quiet. They are in the process of remodeling so who knows what it will be like next time. All the staff members were friendly.For some reason, when we arrived on Thurday afternoon ,there were several room service trays in the hall. They were not removed until the next afternoon. I called house keeping and room service to let them know about the trays and no one came to get them.We reserved two rooms with king beds, there was only one room with a king bed available when we checked in.Our room was a bit stark, but comfortable, no fridge and the ac was cool but I prefer it cooler A fan would have been nice. The bathroom was fine.A very nice stay. Great location. Very affordable. I would stay again. I prefer the Ritz, but for $100 less I'll stay at the Astor again  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>NancyQuinn
<Content>Nice Hotel With Several Issues Location is great, rooms not so great ... stayed 2 nights and reported the issue (TV was fuzzy, mold in the bathtub) .... I stay at Crowne's all the time but this one was not at par with other Crowne Plaza's  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	2	4	2	

<Author>isleview
<Content>great hotel, even better service Astor Crowne Plaza - French Quarter 8/16/2008 - 8/21/2008First of all let me say that people make a place. From the moment we left our cab in the pouring rain the service was excellent. The Bellman took our luggage to the front desk. There we were greeted by Erik Miller. He said that a room was available for early check-in. We were given a room on the 11th floor that was very neat and clean. After we put our stuff away we went out to explore Canal and Bourban Streets. Our location couldn't have been better.Later in the evening we discovered that our tv didn't work. Since we were going out for the evening we asked if someone could check it the next day. This was done and we changed rooms as there was a problem with the cable. They apologized numerous times because of the inconvenience to us. Any time we saw an employee they asked how we were enjoying our stay.The pool was outside on the third floor. It was a nice quiet place to swim,and relax. The hotel also had a very nice workout room. They did say there was a whirlpool but that didn't exist.The day before we were to leave I asked Mr. Miller if there was somewhere to store our luggage as our flight wasn't until 4:22 p.m. He gave us a late check out time. I would definitely reccommend this hotel and can't say enough about the staff.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brunette1122
<Content>WONDERFUL Hotel!!! A friend and I took a spur of the moment trip to New Orleans and figured we would get a hotel when we got there. By the time we made it, it was pouring rain and dark. We were stuck in traffic right outside the hotel, so decided to call. We were in luck, they had a room and for a great price! We were able to get out of the car right there and the valet men helped us. They were all very kind and helpful. When we walked in we could not believe how gorgeous this hotel was! When we got to the room, we were in heaven again! There is also a restaurant downstairs. It is a little pricey, but the food was totally worth it. It was the best we ever had. Also, if you go out the back of the restaurant or the front of the hotel and turn the corner, you are on Bourbon St, which, as we are both in our early 20's was very appealing to us. However, there was no noise at all during the night. All the staff was great, very friendly and helpful. During the night/early morning shift there is a doorsman outside who is quite a kick. We did not catch his name, but he reminded us of Al Roker, from the Today show. This man is the only one I know who can be that happy, that late, while wearing a suit! We could not find a late restaurant, but the hotel offers 24 hour room service. The prices are not too bad, and the food was EXCELLENT! The beds are also like heaven. We had a double queen room and both enjoyed stretching out and even though we only got 4 hours of sleep we both felt incredibly rested! Also, even though checkout is at noon, your car does not have to checked out until 4pm and they offer a luggage holding area. I highly recommend paying the $28 for parking and taking advantage of these services. It made our trip that much better! You can walk just about anywhere in the french quarter from this hotel! Also, if you try to get your car at noon, which is checkout time, there will be a small wait. We noticed people getting very angry at the valet service people, but they were doing their job as quickly as they could. Noon is a hectic time, so again, a good idea to just leave it and wait. When we asked for our car at 3pm we got it in 5 minutes. All the staff was cheerful, helpful and professional. Not a single complaint! DEFINITLEY worth your money!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>County-Hunter
<Content>Beware of Sundays We arrived on a very busy Saturday evening and it was tough getting close to the curb to unload our luggage. My wife went inside to check in while I manned the car. I was concerned about parking after reading Tripadvisor.com reviews and when my wife asked, she was told that the hotel only offered valet parking. This is NOT true. I got talking to the valets and found out that they park in a garage 3 blocks north and a block east on Rampart Street. This garage is open to the public. I would highly advise any visitor to self park using this garage. On Sunday, there were more than 500 people trying to leave the hotel and most were waiting hours for the valet to retrieve their car. Meanwhile, I took a little walk and could get my car anytime. Valet Parking was $30 and self-park was $15 per day so I saved myself money as well.Otherwise, the hotel is a nice place to stay. You can't beat the location at the corner of Canal and Bourbon. You can walk to anywhere in the French Quarter. Even though Bourbon Street was noisy and crowded on Saturday night, we experienced no disturbances in the hotel. The pool on the third floor provided a nice respite from the heat. Our room was well appointed and roomy enough for all 4 of us and our luggage. Monday morning was less crowded and we checked out with no problems. I would happily recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>DOREENIENewYork
<Content>Honestly....This was an amazing value!! well let me tell you that this hotel was a great value! my boyfriend and are in early 30's that live in the nyc. we travel a lot because i am a flight attendant. i have stayed in MANY hotels and trust me...this was an AMAZING VALUE! i got the room on hotwire for 80$ and OMGwe were stunned why people even complain. lobby gorgeous, location cant be beat, and we could not hear anything from our room. and it was a weekend!! heads up...we stayed on the 6th floor opposite side of bourbon street. staff so nice, beds sooo nice with wooden post and the room was cold and refreshing when we walked in. they even give you a sleep bag.the only downside..no view from hotel window but who cares. we were here for the weekend to have fun. it was kept up hallways and a really nice hotel. there is other hotels that are great but if you are looking for a beautiful value hotel in the french quarter stay here! we were really happy!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Niap
<Content>Very Nice experience This is a great hotel. Great Location, walking distance to everywhere. Very comfortable rooms, nice soft sheets for the bed and more than enough pillows in the room. You can't even tell that there is a renovation going on. We requested for a high floor (8th) and that helps with the noise on Bourbon street. Great view. I won't stay inside the French Quarters due to the party noise at night, Astro is at the corner of Bourbon and Canal and right outside is the Street car...very convenient. Because we checked in late, we only had 1 full day to explore New Orleans, we opt for the 3 hours bus tour (great choice) that took us to all the major site, we felt like we covered the whole town in 3 hours and took tons fo pictures. This tour can be book right at the hotel. We also ventrure out to Mardi Gras World a must see if you are not there for Mardi Gras, it's part of New Orleans. You can get all kinds of souviniors at the French Market/flea Market at a low low price. If you are looking for good crawfish broil, the french quarter is NOT the place. Take Canel north to Broad street (about 15 mins) to Broadview Seafood 504-9443001 they have the best local food. Hotel staff only suggest restaurant in the french quarters, not the kind we were looking for. One last thing, be prepare to pay alot for parking. The Astro Crown Plaza charges about $32 per night. Hope this help.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sublimebrad
<Content>Great hotel, Perfect Location! Got lucky and found this hotel on hotwire for $65 on a weekend night this summer so I booked and went. Its on the corner of Bourbon and Canal, above Krystal if you know the area. Its a very nice hotel, listed as a 4 star. Our room was a little small but alot of rooms down there are like that. Everything in the room was nice though. It had a nice welcome gift on the bed as well. The pool was closed due to rain all weekend but it was on the roof and looked really nice. The Bourbon House is the restaurant downstairs which is amazing so try it for sure! Overall a great experience. Expect $30 for valet parking which is pretty standard in New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IntricateTimes
<Content>Astor Crowne Plaza - Sinking Titanic I recently (7/21/08 - 7/24/08) stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza in French Quarters. The booking was made with the expectations of staying in an upscale 4-star hotel. This was to be a memorable occassion for the basketball team that I coach. Unfortunately, that dream turned out to be a nightmare. First of all things, the staff at the front desk were not customer focused during our check-in process. We were standing in line and a disgruntled guest cut the line and walked straight up to the clerk, as though we were not even standing there. The staff on hand proceeded to assist the guest and completely disregarded our presences. I checked into four rooms. Two of the four rooms were not up to par. One room had a problem with the door opening and closing. The other room had a clogged up sink, with a broken faucet and a leaking air conditioning unit. A complaint was filed at the front desk and the attendant stated that she would change our room if the problem could not be corrected. It took two engineers to come up before our issue was properly addressed. However, the situation wasn't rectified. The sink was temporarily unclogged, as this solution lasted for about two usages. The door was not fixed. The engineer said that there was nothing that he could do about it. The pan to the air conditioning unit was emptied, only to refill and cause the carpet inside the room and immediately outside the door to be drenched. It was too late to move the kids to another room, so I waited until the next morning and contacted the front desk. I was told that the manager was in a meeting. I attempted to contact the manager again and was blindly transferred to an answering service. I did leave a message for the manager, but he never returned my call.On top of the room problems, the valet attendants could not locate the keys to my vehicle. I had to wait for 50 minutes to receive my vehicle, after calling in advance to ensure that vehicle would be available. This was a major issues, because we were participating in a basketball tournament and that didn't allow the kids to have ample time to warm-up. The valet manager was supposed to contact me and never did hear from him/her. The next day, we called in advance to have the vehicle ready for early departure, only to again wait for over 45 minutes. This time, the vehicle was received with damages to the mirror. The attendants promised to get this taken care of before we checked out. Well, of course that didn't happen. On top of all of this, there were dead roaches in the corridor. This was definitely far from a 4-star experience. I left New Orleans and stayed in a 3-star hotel in Duluth, Georgia, which was hand-down, far more superior to this hotel. PLEASE TAKE HEED!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>MandM24
<Content>NOT a "4 Star" Hotel - Very Disappointing This hotel was beyond disappointing! The rooms look nothing like the pictures on the website. Those apparently, are what the rooms 鈥渨ill鈥?look like after their extensive renovation. However, we were never informed in any way that the hotel was under repair. The rooms were dark and dingy 鈥?one with a dirty, torn bed spread and one with damaged furniture. The staff was almost uniformly unhelpful, from the valet who didn鈥檛 know where Jackson Square was (it鈥檚 6 blocks away) to the concierge who was lazy and disrespectful to my husband when we tried to order flowers. The common area furniture was filthy as was the cloudy pool. I would give this hotel 1 star.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>cdwells
<Content>Great Location poor air My wife and I agreed that this was a great choice for our stay in New Orleans. We had our 2 teenage sons with us and they also liked it. The staff is very well trained. It took us just a couple of mins. to get checked in and into our room. We got o n the 9th floor to minimize the late night noise. From our window we looked down at Bourbon St. The staff helped us book a tour with VIP tours. We cannot imagine a better tour. I highly recommend using them. The only problem we had was that the air cond. was not very good in our room. I did not say anything to the manager because we were only there for 3 nights and everything else was so good.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>treonne
<Content>Loved it!! Just returned from New Orleans and the wonderful Astor Crowne Plaza. This Place is Amazing!!! Everyone was so helpful and nice, the rooms were fabulous, the best weekend ever! A few people were exceptionally great. 1 being Nalander Skip the Evening Manager. He was the best!! He helped us in everyway possible. I would definitely be back and being a travel agent, I will strongly advise my clients who are traveling to New Orleans to stay at this property! They and Skip are to be complimented!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>River_Houser
<Content>Good, but beware of Valet Parking We happen to have a superb rate for the hotel, the stay was average. Good location. Staff average. When we arrived in our room there was obviously something smeared on the outside of the door (chocolate, jelly, ??). We stayed for 3 nights and it was never cleaned off. We also had to call housekeeping for toilet paper, after they had made up our room for the day. Makes you wonder about the cleaning overall. The worst part of the trip was the Sunday valet parking. Don't get suckered!!! They state on the vallet parking instructions that on Sunday you may have to wait 1-2 hours to get your car. My guess is it is longer than that so they offer you this shuttle to get your car. You pick up your keys from the valet service. They then pick you and others up in a small bus, ours did not have air conditioning-in July it was a sauna, and take you a few blocks to the parking garage. You have guys rushing around like mad to get you your car, and then you wait to leave the parking garage. The shuttle is acceptable, if it would have had AC and if they would have informed us previously. Basically you pay for valet parking and you use a shuttle-just be aware and plan ahead. Call for your car several hours before departing on Sunday or you too will pay for valet parking and then use a shuttle with no air conditioning.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Groucho2
<Content>Best Value By Far The room was extremely comfortable and all staff members were friendly and capable. We had absolutely no problems connected with our stay. Loved the convenience of the sreetcar across the street and the excitement of Bourbon St right outside. Breakfast at the hotel was very good plus we had a great view of the French Quarter Festival parade while we were eating. Everything was attractive and well kept, but the people are really what made the difference. Everyone was so pleasant and helpful and seemed to really care about the guests. This attitude seemed to spread to the guests too - I didn't hear a disgruntled voice even once during our four day stay! We got the low rate of $89 as a mystery hotel offer making this the best deal imaginable. We are looking forward to a return trip this year and hope to enjoy the Astor Crown Plaza again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lgrobert
<Content>Won't Be Back We stayed at the Crowne Plaza June 28, 2008 for one night. I am in New Orleans all of the time as I live in Baton Rouge, La. This was my first stay here and I wont be back. First of all the pool area just is not nice. There is a tiny pool and jacuzzi did not work. Secondly if you stay here and valet park your car does not it goes about 5 or 6 blocks away, and when it is time to retrieve your car you must wait for a shuttle to bring you to your car. I have never had to do this in New Orleans. Also forget about a bellman offering to carry your bags it just didnt happen. Finally and this is the worst and I am not making this up. At 12:45 am the fire alarm went off in the hotel and a very unprofessional wowman came over the intercom system and stated this was a test of the fire alarm and that we should just continue our normal activities. This kept happening for about an hour and a half every five minutes. I could not go back to sleep for several hours. If you have a choice of where to stay in New Orleans do not stay at the Crowne Plaza. This is definitley not comparable to other 4 star hotels such as the Omni Royal Orleans and The Montelone. I stayed in the Royal Orleans the weekend before and had a great time. I stayed in The Monteleone the night before I stayed at The Crowne Plaza and had a great time but they ran out of availability because of a convention. I guess there was a reason The Crowne Plaza was selling there rooms on Hotwire because they were not at full capacity and every one else was. I know hotels in New Orleans just trust me do not stay at The Crowne Plaza.Lewis  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>DrBizz
<Content>Great Location, Good Value I just completed a one-week business trip to New Orleans and thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Crown Plaza Astor. Located at the corner of Canal  Bourbon, the location of the hotel cannot be beaten. The lobby is nice and well kept. Dickie Brennan's seafood restaurant and hotel bar are conveniently located adjacent to the elevators. The room consists of a comfortable, firm matress, roughly a dozen pillows, a television set, safe and desk. My room was reasonably kept throughout my stay. All of the action from Bourbon street can certainly be audible on the weekend but the hotel provides you with a sleep-pack of ear plugs, mask, scented mist, and relaxation music. One frustration was the lack of free internet access in the hotel rooms. There was an ethernet connection in the rooms, which costed - I believe - $10 for the week if not more. There was no wireless connection provided by the hotel, forcing me to scan the area for weak signals that I could sporadically leech. There was a decent signal on the ground floor from a nearby restaurant. I don't believe it's unreasonable to expect free wireless to hotel guests of a 3/4 star hotel.I give kudos to the hotel staff who are quite friendly if you approach them. If you are sociable, they can provide you with a lot of assistance during your stay.All in all I would recommend this hotel for its location, reasonable price (roughly $125/night), and amenities (less wireless). I would certainly stay at the Crown Plaza during my next visit to NOLA.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CypressPatterson
<Content>Will Stay Again! I was here May 17, 2008. This remains my favorite hotel in the French Quarter. I've stayed here about 4 times. Why do I like it?1. Comfortable -- best beds I've slept in in a hotel. I love the pillows and firm mattresses. Very attractive room and amenities. Entire property is beautiful.2. Nice staff -- I had a problem with my room upon entering it - the air conditioner did'nt work, and they moved me to a new room within 15 minutes. No problems after that.3. Location, location, location -- easy access to all I want to visit in the French Quarter. Several fabulous restaurants are literally steps away. Yum!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>igmogiggio
<Content>Good If The Price Is Right I've stayed in quite a few New Orleans hotels. This was my first stay in the Astor. Maybe it's the Katrina effect, but lately I'm not seeing the level of service that I've grown accustomed to in New Orleans.The Good - The hotel was okay. I've had more room and better beds, but it wasn't bad for the price ($150). You couldn't ask for a better location than the corner of Canal and Bourbon. Valet was easy, if not a little expensive ($31).The Bad - Customer service is not up to par with a 4 star hotel. For example, after failing to reach the valet via his extension, the front desk told me I had to walk my ticket down to the front door and hand the ticket to the valet. I then waited 20 minutes for the car to be brought around. Not a deal breaker, but pretty [-] service from a 4 star hotel.The Bottom Line - If you want good location and the price is right, stay here. If you're looking for luxury and opulence, look around a bit.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>lynni913
<Content>Astor Crowne Plaza This hotel is more than expected. The staff was very helpful especially in the business center.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladukart
<Content>Great stay - super friendly and clean. The hotel was great! I had stayed there before as the Alexa Hotel . But was second guessing after readign some reviews. BUt... The staff was beyond nice---they extended our stay and even offered same discounted rate. When all travel webiste told me the hotel was booked, a front desk agent directly with hotel found me a room --- at a special rate ---- for Jazz Fest in NO! Staff was helpful and pleasent throughout stay. The Dickie Brennan's Bourbon House resyaurent is on propeorty and was Great oyster bar. Shuttle to JazzFest picks up and drops off direclty in front of hotel. easiet to and from in 9 yrs of festing. I highly recommend and will stay again!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>jczinn
<Content>Great place to stay in the French Quarter I just returned from a four-night stay during Jazzfest April 23-27. I felt compelled to write a review because I think this hotel deserves to be higher than #66 popularity in New Orleans. We booked it as a mystery hotel through Bookit.com and were a bit concerned upon reading some of the older reviews here. Perhaps they cleaned up their act, because we found absolutely nothing to complain about. The location is great, of course...right in the heart of things in the French Quarter, and a short walk to the great restaurants of the Warehouse district. We were on the 14th floor and had a partial river view; it was very quiet. The room had all the usual amenities and a plethora of pillows, very comfortable beds, spacious, clean...all the cable stations. A sleep pack was provided with mask, ear plugs, a sleep CD, and an aromatherapy spray for your pillows! All of the staff were helpful and friendly. On a very rainy Fest day, there was an attendent greeting drenched guests at the door with warm towels! We only paid $89 for our mystery room but would not have been disappointed even at the going rate. Only hope we can get such a great deal again when we return.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>arnoldboon
<Content>Not bad...... Stayed here April 17-20th. Location is great. Right at the entrance to Bourban Street. One of my main concerns was the distance to Harrahs, as I like casinos. Distance was not far at all. Its probably a 10-15 min walk. Lots of people on the street, felt safe at all times. Hotel was nice, I was a little worried about some of the reviews on here. One complaint, the shower will turn off by itself sometimes, but only for a second or two. I guess someone next door was flushing the toilet or something. Beds are comfortable. Rooms was spacious. Hotel is old, but thats okay. We really didn't stay in the hotel much anyway. Walking to New Orleans Arena and Superdome is about 20 minute walk. Not really that bad. I do think that is is one of the nicer hotels near/in the french quarter. btw, limo service for 8 people from the airport to this hotel was only 90.00. a1regal is the company name. beats the cab prices.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>kwjtn3
<Content>LOVED the Astor Crowne Plaza! Booked this hotel on BookIt.com as a mystery hotel without knowing the hotel name. We got a great price and were delighted with the hotel when we arrived. It is on Canal Street on the edge of the French Quarter. The common areas were beautiful and well decorated. The employees were friendly and helpful. The streetcar stop was right out front and you can walk anywhere in the French Quarter, Business District or along the Riverfront from here. The room was beautiful and had all the amenities needed. Everything was very clean and the bed was soooo comfortable. The room was very quiet, the thermostat worked well and the water pressure was great with plenty of hot water. The fitness center had good equipment for a workout. I looked at numerous hotels before going and while I was there I saw several of the hotels I had looked at online and I did not see any I would rather have stayed with. I was surprised this hotel was rated only a 3 star. I am trying to figure out how to get the same hotel at the same price the next time I go.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>michaelsharkey
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I stayed from 4/19-4/21. We are in our late 30s and travel with moderate expectations. We both enjoyed this hotel. The hotel is at the very end of Burboun St. Our room was on the 5th floor, Burboun St side which we could hear from the bed but it was not enough to keep us awake. I've stayed in other hotels were you hear the local highways. Plus the hotel gives you one set of ear plugs and a soothing misic CD if you feel you need it. (we did not). ALL, ALL employees were extremely polite and would acknowledge us with a smile or words anytime we passed. The room was very clean and comfortable. The hotel location is great, within walking distance of everything for a three night trip. If I ever return to NOLA, I would stay there again. You know what to do, Bookit.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gbtrotter
<Content>Great Location But Really Loud! This hotel has a great location on Canal near Bourbon and because it is an historic property, it has a really great feel - much more like the historic inns in the French Quarter than the large cosmopolitan hotels on the other side of Canal. The lobby is really beautiful and the building I stayed in had exposed brick in the hallways. My room must have had fifteen foot ceilings and overlooked the hotel's entrance on Canal. The staff was very helpful and greeted me cordially at every opportunity. Now the bad - because of the generous room rates, the hotel attracted a lot of young people during my stay. My first night, a Thursday, was nice and quiet, but my second night, a Friday, brought a whole other atmosphere. Around 2am the hall outside my room turned into a Mardi Gras-like parade route. Young people congregated in the hall drinking and speaking in loud voices. Doors were constantly slamming and walls being pounded on. At one point, I heard the contents of an ice chest sloshing its way down the hall.I was able to get back to sleep relatively quickly with the help of the ear plugs that were waiting for me on my bed when I checked in - guess that should have warned me. I will say the walls bewteen the rooms seemed to be pretty thick but the noise from the hallway was a real problem. Other than my second night, my stay was very enjoyable. I highly recommend Chef Paul Prudhomme's wonderful K-Paul's Louisianna Kitchen, just a few blocks from the hotel on Chartres Street. Dinner for two without drinks will probably set you back around $100 but it was a great dining experience!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>glim
<Content>Just Okay Stayed here during first week of april for a conference. It was decent but despite setting the temp to the coldest, it was still a bit damp. Also, there was a stain on the carpet in my room, hopefully it was just red wine, but I used a towel to cover it so I wouldn't have to see it. I stayed on the llth floor and definitely didn't hear any noise from the streets, but like other travelers have mentioned, they provide ear plugs just in case. The hotel charges 9.95/day for internet but offers free wireless in the lobby, you just need to ask the receptionists for the code. Overall the hotel is pretty nice.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>EnviroGirl
<Content>No problems @ the Astor Crowne Plaza I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is fantastic for exploring the French Quarter. Close to great nightlife, bars, and restaurants. The lobby is beautiful, and our room was quite big and spacious (2 Queen beds). The beds were very comfortable, the room was clean, and the bathroom was clean. We did not have a problem with the service (as reported by previous travelers). Parking was $30 a night; we chose to park our car a few blocks away for $15 a night, had no problems with this. My only complaint is that the room was pretty loud. Not necessarily from Bourbon Street, but from people in the hallways. This actually did wake us up a few times, but I still would stay here all over again. One final piece of info: I stayed here b/c I got a great rate off Bookit.com. We paid $100 a night, so we were very happy. I may not have been so happy if I had paid $200. Anyway, we had a great experience. I was worried after reading previous reviews, but I report no major problems.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmholdy
<Content>Great place for the price Great Hotel and location for a price under $100.00 a night. Large lobby and friendly staff w/ excellent attached steakhouse. Ask for a room that does not front bourbon street unless you like loude music all night. Staff was great when we asked to move to a quiet room that looked towards the river. Priority memebers get the nice wine and cheese in the evenings and a light breakfast in the mornings (worth it). Pool is not much but everything else was great. Our third trip to NO and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Imigrants
<Content>Delay Check-in This beautiful hotel is not honored by the Lobby Attendants, I was waiting for about 1 hour in the lobby to check-in, and nobody show up to give us a decent explanation, later after some of the guest protested somebody told us about computer problem was almost 1:00 am in the morning and 8 guests were waiting. The manager on duty showed up and offers us a free breakfast to compensate some way.The room was neat and well organized, pretty small.But the restaurant (Bourbon House) in the Hotel in the best, please tries the Gumbo and some sea food, but please reserve in advance. The bread is delicious.The rate is quit high, some of my friend stay in the Marriott same French quarter for just $95 per night.Other aspect to consider is this spot is noisy and have so many drunks people around if you are looking for a quite place, this is not your destination.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>hrmkendall
<Content>Good location, that is the only positive I can say Maybe I'm more picky because I'm in the industry (I work in hotels) but I think that since I do work in hotels, I look at this the way I want my guest to experience things. Here is what I found:1) Called before I came in to make dinner reservations and was put on hold for 15 minutes2) Made dinner reservations and wrote them down with the concierge3) Went to check in (I am Priority Club Gold Member) and wasn't recognized, asked the agent for change and was told that she didn't have any4) No mention of benefits for PC given to me at all5) One room was large and the other was small (2 queens large and the king was small)6) We found dirty cups on the top of the armoire and paperwork from weekend guests on the floor7) Stained pillow cases8) AC was broken and only read celcius (which we lived with)9) Bathroom tile needed recaulking badly and the bathtub was scratched10) asked several questions to the front desk and got misinformation11) Went to dinner and our reservations were totally MESSED upIn short, we had several problems and the rooms weren't great. If you have another option, stay somewhere else.On the plus side... we ate at Arnaurds and Emeril's Nola.... both great and the city tour was AMAZING.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>hotelreviewer333
<Content>Forgettable Hotel -- There are Better Choices in the Big Easy Stayed here for one night as part of a conference, which also paid my for the room as part of the fee. That was a good thing, because I would have been really unhappy if I had paid my own money to stay at this place. I had a basic king room. Problems that I found were: pillow cases with dirt stains on them; sheets with similar issues; the air conditioning didn't work--just the fan, so the room was very stufy; the bathtub didn't drain; the keycards were very hard to work in the door. The elevators took forever at busy times. Also noise from Bourbon street was a problem until well after midnight. I normally don't comment on the staff, but the front desk staff were short and not very personable. On the plus side, you are right at the start of Bourbon Street, and they do some special benefits for Priority Club members -- free Internet access (normally $10/24 hrs) and a goodie bag wth a bottle of water, candy bar and chips.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rojo1664
<Content>Great Stay I thought this place was great. We stayed there the week before Mardis Gras. I have to laugh at some of the reviews here. The people are blaming the hotel for things that are happening all over New Orleans during Mardis Gras. One mentioned trying to check in during one of the parades, and wondered why it took hours! Canal St is one of the MAIN parade routes, and well Bourbon St is.....Bourbon St. It's closed each night, and most know what goes on on Bourbon St, and even more so Mardis Gras! The hotel is on the corner or Bourbon and Canal...... The location is great, close to everything.Then the people complaining about the view out their rooms into the shaftway at other rooms! That's the view we had too, and true, not the greatest we thought when we got there, but THINK about it, do you want a room facing BOURBON ST? Bourbon St is NOISY all night, be HAPPY you don't face it when you want to get some sleep! We were extremely happy after the first night that we had such a nice QUIET view of the airshaft. Slept woderfully, on what would otherwise be a NOISY street.The room was wonderful, small, but clean. The staff was great, room kept beautifully.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>PatLouque
<Content>Mardi Gras Madness at the Astor We arrived on Canal Street in New Orleans in the afternoon on the day before Mardi Gras and attempted to locate the valet parking area (the only type of parking available according to their website) of the Astor Crown Plaza. We saw nothing on the Canal Street entrance so figured it was either on the side or back entrance---and that's when the nightmare started. In bumper to bumper traffic, we had to go way past the hotel due to NO LEFT TURN SIGNS until we could cross over Canal Street to the side of the street of the hotel. We then attempted to enter the hotel's side street (Bourbon Street) that would lead to the side  back of the hotel where we assumed the valet parking was located only to find that Bourbon Street that ran along the side the hotel blocked to traffic as were the other side streets, so we circled again in bumper to bumper traffic to get to the front of the hotel received permission from a policeman to travel the blocked street. There was no valet parking on either side or the baclk of the hotel, so we once again went to the front of the hotel. One of us jumped out in front  learned from the bellhops that they were no longer offering valet parking because all of their contracted spots were filled  that we had to park the car ourselves------5 blocks away on a not so safe side street that smelled like urine from the previous parade watchers. The check-in procedure was painfully slow seemingly because they were either shorthanded, undertrained, or unconcerned about the wait. Later, both the desk  housekeeping said they were on their way to deliver more towels  a blanket but never came after 2 calls. We had to wait until Canal Street was opened after the parade which was delayed about 4 hours to leave. The bellhop pushed our luggage while we walked five blocks to the parking garage. My oxygen supply had run out so the walk was very difficult for me. My complaint against the hotel is that they have been in that location for years for many Mardi Gras parades  should have informed us that the streets would close at a specific time, that valet parking was limited  what to do/where to go if arriving by car.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>uniter
<Content>What a dump I was in town for a conference and had a two night stay here. I've got to say, I was really disappointed. I got a room on a mezzanine level - it had 20 foot high floor-to-ceiling windows that overlooked a garbage dump out back. There was constant noise from there at all hours of the night. The toilet was broken and the shower alternated between hot water for a while, then cold. Location-wise, this place is great ... it's got a door that opens to Bourbon St. And although customer service seemed distant at the front desk, when I called to let them know my flight had been cancelled and I'd be there a day later, I was not charged for the first night.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>sthnchic
<Content>Dont waste your money We stayed one night, it cost $192.00 with our discount, I thought no big deal. Check in time was 4pm and check out time was 11am so I thought that was bit steep until I got to the hotel and found out that the price did not include anything, internet was an additional 9.95 and there was an extra charge for the safe, so we declined. The room had a king bed, a small tv in a cabinet and a small desk, the bathroom was also very small. To go around the bed only one person could walk around it at the same time. The air would not turn down so we were hot, also there was no view, if we opened our curtains we saw into another persons room. There was no parking which we figured would be the case however there was valet but it was 29.95 so we opted for parking that was a block down and it was only 10.00 a day. There was no complimentary breakfast, they did have a buffet but it was $10.95 a plate and the buffet was very small. Aside from all that we made the best of it until at 3:30am people started arguing outside our door and we had to call security because it was getting out of hand, well after 30min security finally came and settled the matter. However about 15min later they still continued to argue. So, I am never going to stay there again, if your single, dont need to sleep and have all the money to waste then this is the place for you!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>ajh7gf
<Content>Had a great stay! We just stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza for a conference and had a great stay. The hotel is in a wonderful location and was close to everything. It is also great because it is right on both streetcar lines. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>barbiesmith
<Content>Usually great,but not this time! y family  I have stayed here for Mardi Gras for several years  it is a fantastic location. However, this year I had a big problem with a security issue. During Mardi Gras the hotel places a table at the entrance of the hotel  checks guest's arm-bands (which are issued at check-in to prevent non-guests from entering). On Saturday night I let my 19 year old son go meet his girl friend at a restaurant  told him to be home early. When he returned to the hotel he had his girlfriend with him  was told she could not enter the hotel unless she had an arm band  that he could purchase one for her at the front desk. My son told the big burly security guard OK , grabbed his girlfriend's hand and proceded to the front desk to buy her am arm band--- This is when the terror hit for my son! He was thrown up against the wall by two security guards (my son is 139 punds!). He told them that he was going to the desk to get his girlfriend a band- because the front desk workers have to apply it- He was physically thrown out of the hotel. The manager told him to come back later- SO, he sent my son out into the dangerous night of new orleans. They went to eat french donuts and came back. He was then told by the gaurds that he would not be allowed back in the hotel that night  sent my son to sleep on the street. My son was scared  he was scared to call me because he didn't want to bother me. When it started to get late, I called his cell phone. He told me the story  this little woman went down stairs to give those guys a peice of my mind. There were hundreds of drunk people coming in  out of that hotel; there was vomit in front of my door, people passed out in the lobby  they thought it was neccesary to use such force with my 139 lb child. They owe us an appology. There were 4 shootings the street over the night this happened. Thank God my son wasn't one of them. These people should have called me if there was a problem. They handled it poorly. Very poorly. Thank God my child is alive!Barbie SmithMonroe, LA  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>bmoretraveler50
<Content>We had a good stay Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza. We didn't have any choice in booking the hotel as one of us was there for a business conference and this was the group hotel. Overall, our experience was good. Contrary to some of the reviews here, the staff we interacted with were extremely helpful and friendly. The first room we checked into had a mildewy smell to it so I went back to the desk and requested another room......only to end up w/ a room w/ mold in the shower and daddy-long legs in the corners of the high ceilings (too high up to get them down!). I went back downstairs to the desk again and instead of treating me like that annoying guest they were extremely apologetic and accomodating and upgraded my room. The hotel lobby is nice and the bartenders at the hotel bar were a very friendly bunch. We arrived pretty late on a weeknight and most of the sit-down restaurants in the French Quarter (I say sit down to differentiate between the dozens of bars along Bourbon St that serve pizza and hot dogs) were closed but the restaurant attached to the hotel was open. It wasn't the best meal we had while in New Orleans but it wasn't bad either. The hotel location was great - we happened to be there at Mardi Gras time and it was right on the parade routes and all the action on Bourbon St. It seemed to be a great location at any time of year - very close to the Magazine Street bus line if you want to catch that and go see the Garden District and the great shopping along Magazine Street. Bottom line is that we enjoyed our stay there. I guess you are naturally less picky when the hotel cost isn't coming out of your pocket but if I could get a decent rate here, I'd stay again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Cypressmom
<Content>A Charmed New Orleans Experience After reading many of the reviews on this hotel, I was skeptical. The location is excellent for Bourbon Street and if you did like our family a stay before a cruise. The hotel has an old southern charm to it. The rooms are nice with very comfortable beds. The safe is a nice size. We found the staff to be very nice and helpful. There was a gentleman who had problems and was creating a scene with abusive language to the manager. I think this would have been better if the gentleman did not try to drink Bourbon Street dry. My room was in the back and quiet. My daughter had a room acroos from us overlooking Bourbon Street and she said it was noisy at times. The hotel does have blinders and earplugs for free if you feel the necessity for them. I would recommend this hotel to anyone including families. There is a Krystal and McDonald's just outside the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>lane1729
<Content>Had a great stay Just got back last night; wonderful stay, great location.Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>tweedChicago
<Content>Poor Service Went there for the Holidays - had a reservation until Jan 1st - get kick out of Hotel without a solid explanation and refunded on New Years Eve . As said before poor service , staff and attitute from guest Management - was shocked to be kicked out by coops or I had the option of being arested. Problems runs from front desk, housekeeping and concierge.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>rg1traveler
<Content>Nice hotel, but some negatives Stayed here in early December 2007 at the end of a business trip to visit a friend. Great to see New Orleans coming back (although 9th ward and other areas still not fully recovered). Nice hotel and nice holiday decorations. Air conditioning in lobby not very good. Did not get the room I booked (and I am a priority club gold member!) nor did I get priority club welcome package. Night attendant who checked me in (arrived close to midnight) was not very friendly -- and I had to wait in line for almost 15 minutes (which is no fun when you've traveled all day and expect express treatment as a PC gold member) but he did change my room without difficulty when I asked. (Wanted smoking and was given nonsmoking, but had to go to room with luggage and come back downstairs on elevators with luggage (see below) to get room changed). New room (#311) was much larger (but very oddly shaped and kind of dark; sitting area nice, but two chairs would be better as a small loveseat) and air conditioning did not work. Worst problem was no internet at all (not wireless or even cable!) Had to go to lobby for internet. Elevators were horrible (they really need to fix the timing). Had to wait -- no kidding -- 10 minutes for an elevator on two occasions. Also, air conditioning was fixed when I called for an engineer. Bathroom was sub par. Amenities were minimal (like an average holiday inn) and, despite my asking for it, no bath mat in bathtub which made me feel as if I was going to fall every time I took a shower (not safe!). Otherwise, a good hotel. Right on corner of French Quarter, so good location. Also walking distance to Aquarium (Hurricane on the Bayou at IMAX theater at aquarium is a MUST SEE) and walking distance to casino.If elevators were working on a more normal, well-timed basis and if the bathroom amenities (including bath mat) were better, would be a 4+. But, for the price I paid, it is only a 3.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>jayirwin
<Content>Signs of Stress Although the French Quarter escaped much of the flooding after Katrina, the entire city is still reeling from the devastation it caused. This includes businesses in the French Quarter, which have been greatly affected by the fact that over 50% of the population has not yet returned to New Orleans. Understaffing is as big an issue to local businesses as rebuilding, it seems.I attended a conference held at the Astor Crowne Plaza in early December 2007. The room I stayed in was clean, comfortable and very generic. However, the hotel seems to be having some real difficulties. The restaurant was poorly staffed and no one seemed to know what they were doing. The hotel air conditioning system was totally messed up. Most of the meetings rooms were absolutely freezing, yet the humidity was incredibly high. That said, I would whole heartedly recommend a stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza. Even though there was a lot of disorganization the staff was incredibly nice, helpful and friendly. I got a very warm feeling from everyone I passed in the hall or approached for help. They really are trying to offer the best service possible given the very difficult circumstances they are continuing to face. Another observation: the French Quarter is loud and the Astor Crowne Plaza is right on Bourbon Street. If you're sensitive to noise this is going to be a problem. There were revelers and multi piece bands playing right outside the hotel until 4 am. This is of course what's fun about New Orleans for many. But if that isn't your thing, ask for a room near the top of the hotel. They do also provide earplugs to guests. Definitely consider visiting New Orleans. The city needs our tourist dollars to help recover.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jumpfish
<Content>You will love it - if you like moronic staff. This hotel is beautiful, but has a staffing problem. I went to brunch for breakfast and had to get EVERYTHING - including beverages. Then the staff expects a tip for delivering a bill.I tried to check out early, and told the counter staff that I was voluntarily forfeiting the night's cost. All I wanted to do was close out my credit card for incidentals. They still wanted to assess me a $50.00 early check-out fee - despite the fact that I was not getting my money back for the night's stay! When I protested to the manager, he gave me a non-caring shrug of the shoulders and basically said there was nothing he could do.I just got notice from my trip organizer that someone on the billing staff apparently deleted some entries with my group's paperwork, and we could all be facing an additional $30.00 charge to our credit cards.Just like the rest of New Orleans, this place is a big scam designed to strip out-of-town folk from their money.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	3	1	2	

<Author>wisgirl01
<Content>Very nice hotel! Booked this as a 4 star mystery hotel on Bookit.com. I was a bit concerned after reading negative reviews on here, but had the same experience in Boston this summer, and that turned out fine, so I was optimistic. Upon arrival, I learned my concerns were unfounded. The hotel was very nice, perfect location, and staff were all very friendly and helpful. We felt welcomed from the minute of our arrival, until the time we left. Our room was beautifully appointed, beds VERY comfortable, nice amenities. Noise was a concern expressed by others, but we experienced no noise whatsoever during our stay. In fact, there was a little gift bag in the room that had earplugs, an eye mask and lavendar pillow spray, which was a wonderful surprise. On our last of 3 nights, I called for a late check out, and they gave me 2 extra hours, which was great as we had a late flight out that day. I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend the Astor Crowne Plaza to any of my friends or family.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HOGFAN5
<Content>Crowne Plaza-in N.O.= NO!!!! Terrible trip. I have never been treated with such disrespect by a business in my life. My friends and I came down from Arkansas for the LSU- Razoraback football game and wanted a safe nice hotel to stay at after the game in NO. What we got was a 10 hour drive home and treated terrible by very very rude and incompotent staff. The hotel never sent conformtion for reservations which was needed to clear the police barricades to the hotel. We could not even get to our hotel and were told my hotel staff to  Park your car somewhere and try to walk to the hotel with your bags....or you can check in sometime tomorrow After driving around the city for 3 hrs and being hung up on by staff at Astor Crowne Plaza, we decided to just drive back home....this ruined our time in LA and New Orleans. DO NOT, stay at this hotel if you can avoid it. I am so disapointed by any travel site that recommends this place.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>CheesyHokie
<Content>Good Location We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for two nights at the end of October. First off, it's a great location for the French Quarter, it's on Canal between Royal and Bourbon. You can't get much more convenient than that.We paid $174 a night as part of a conference rate and, personally, I found it a bit high, especially when I paid the same rate at the Sheraton for the last 4 nights of my stay.Check-in went fairly quickly although the Priority Club line was not staffed. I did get a goody bag as a Priority Club member which was a nice touch.The rooms are large and clean with all the standard amenities. However, the wallpaper was peeling in a couple of places, the shower grout was mildewed and the faucet in the bath dripped and leaked the whole time.I'd stay there again if I could get it for a lower price but at $175 a night I expect the property to be in a bit better shape.The few staff members we encountered were very helpful.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>lkn7427
<Content>It was ok..... ok...so i was skeptical about booking this hotel because the reviews of it were either were saying it was spectacular or horrible....our experience overall....was pretty good......the hotel was nice....not nasty or horrible like previous reviews.....for an older hotel....it is kept up well....the employees were oh so friendly....everyone smiled and greeted us....we tipped everyone from valet to the front desk to bell persons to housekeeping because they did in fact deserve it.....we checked in 6hrs earlier than the designated time and they had both of our rooms available....we booked our rooms through bookit.com's mystery hotel....it was a great deal.....the main problem i encountered was valet....they do not have a lot on site....so you had to wait a while to get your car....the first day we were able to call and have our car ready....but over the weekend, it was a good 15-30min wait for the car....which was a bit of a drag with a big group.....it was $25/day for valet plus tip which was pretty steep, but its right smack dab in the middle of the french quarter.....so that's a given.....So the whole experience was great....but one problem that makes it final for me to never stay here again....there was a rat in our room the last night....we saw it running around...and flipped out....who knows how long it had been there....we called front desk...and they offered us to change rooms....but then we saw the rodent run out....so we just decided to stay...but that pretty much ruined the last night there....i spoke to the front desk when i checked out...they said because i did not book directly with the hotel....they could not reimburse my money in any way....and my valet bill still had to be paid in full because apparently it's a seperate company from the hotel.....so they gave me guest relations' number....i spoke with her....she said she'll comp me for one night's stay if i use that within the next year...why would i stay in a hotel i know can't take care of a rodent problem......so i said no....so she said let her check what other options there are and she'll return my call.....almost 2 weeks later....she never called me...i called and spoke with the manager on duty....and he had her call me back...i was busy at work so her message said that she had been in meetings and it slipped her mind about the situation.....and she apologized....so now....she left another message...saying she'll credit me back my valet bill which was $111 for 4 nights for the room with rat......which is fine i guess....it just sucks that the experience had to end this way......but the employees were outstanding!! its just such a shame that such a nice hotel had a rodent problem.....  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>like2travl72
<Content>Great experience at this hotel.. Just got back from a 5 night stay with my boyfriend at this hotel - 9/28/07 - 10/3/07. We took a chance and booked the mystery hotel deal through bookit.com. When I found out what hotel we were going to be staying at, I immediately started reading through all of the reviews I could find. Some of them scared me, and I was tempted to change our reservations - I'm so glad I didn't - this hotel was fantastic! We requested a non-smoking room on an upper floor, and got a room facing Canal St. on the 9th floor. We arrived early and checked in early with no problems. It was quiet, clean, and the bed was sooo comfortable. The water pressure was good, too, something I always appreciate. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location can't be beat - this hotel is at the corner of Canal and Bourbon - walking distance to everything in the quarter. I would imagine that the rooms facing Bourbon would be louder, so I'd request a room facing Canal, or one on an upper floor if you want quiet. We loved it!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jackbnice
<Content>We loved our stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza French Quarter!!! We loved our stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza French Quarter!!! Everything about our stay was fantastic. We went during Mardi gra and had a blast. There was four of us and we all agreed that the location, people and cleanliness of the Astor Crowne Plaza was awesome. The manager himself carried our bags up to our room for us. I only have one complaint....... The balcony was off limits cause it was mardigra.... BUT even so had a wonderful time and would recommend this hotel to any and everyone..Ronnie ....... Alvin TX  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LMayfield
<Content>Great Hotel!! I have stayed at the Astor twice and have absolutely no idea what people mean when they talk about a bad experience.Everyone, from the front desk, the bartenders, the housekeeping staff, the bell men, etc...were all fabulous. The hotel is beautiful, safe and centrally located. The rooms are clean, the beds comfortable. Although I have not had the Milk Punch, I did spend some time in the bar and found it to be alot of fun. The folks hanging out in there were a blast. The food at Bourbon House is a bit on the pricey side, but what do you expect of a Brennan's restaurant? I found the food and service to be amazing. As for the ones that wrote about the noise and the dirty, smelly streets, you should have picked a place other than New Orleans to visit. I am heading there again this weekend and have a reservation at the Astor...I'm sure I will not be disappointed :)  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>the_admiral_MB
<Content>Terrible from start to finish This was my worst hotel stay ever. Hotwire should be embarrassed go carry this hotel. When I arrive the valet man start yelling at us. The we went inside and the manager didn't really care. He was to busy flirting with the female guests. We final got checked in and they put us in a room between the ice machine and the elevator so it was noisy all the time. The every morning at 8:00 AM housekeeping would knock. There were no Do Not Disturb signs. Then after telling htem to come back later. They would be back in 15 minutes. We final wrote a note on the door but they did not speak english to read it. Then one night we returned about 1:30 AM to crash and our neighbor left on his music really loud. We called downstairs and they replied Sorry. We finally got someone to come turn it off about 2:30 AM. Then on checkout, there was yet another mess. Needless to say, I will not return. I explained how bad everything was when I left, they replied you will have to talk to hotwire.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bogie27
<Content>Crown Plaza is fine, but beware of parking prices My wife and i stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza in August 2007 for 2 nights. The hotel is clean, the rooms were comfortable. But make sure to ask for a high floor if you don't like the noise. This hotel is in the French Quarter not far from Bourbon Str and you can definitely hear the music and noise. We heard music up until 3 or 4am both nights of our stay, but it really didn't keep us from sleeping.We ate at Cafe Dumonde (don't think i'm spelling it correctly, but ask anyone and they'll know what your talking about), mostly for it's historic aspects. They serve the well-known beignets. Also, you must eat at Landry's. Yes, i know it's a chain restaurant that you can find in a lot of different states, but something about the one in the French Quarter just tastes better. Also, there is no on-site hotel parking. You have to leave your car with the valet and the price to have it valet'd is $27 per day plus tax and tips!!!! Yes, this was a big surprise to us. We were told that other hotels in the French Quarter charge roughly the same price. We thought a better idea would have been to park at one of the all night parking lots in the French Quarter for $10 to save $$$$. The difference is with the hotel, you have in/out privileges and it's the same price, whereas, if you park you car at one of the lots, once you leave, you have to pay again to re-enter!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelgirl96
<Content>Location plus a bit o'history Travelled with a small group and our rooms were lovely and comfortable and clean.Location of hotel is the best selling point. Lowest point? Check-in and valet service was extremely slow - it took at least a half hour in both cases.Setup of the hotel because it is multiple historic buildings melded together is a little strange - up and down steps plus narrow hallways to get to your room on the same floor. Plus the elevators are a little confusing - we were never quite sure where we would end up in the lobby/property.Would definitely recommend - we had no problems within the hotel/rooms whatsoever.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>CarolineSteele
<Content>The worst Hotel I have ever stayed in My friend and I booked a Royal Caribbean International cruise on board Grandeur of the Seas in March 2007. The departure port we booked from was 'New Orleans'. We have always wanted to visit New Orleans and thought this would be a good opportunity. We booked the package through the Cruise Shop in Lisburn, in Northern Ireland.The Cruise ship was excellent and the food fabulous. We loved New Orleans. We stayed in 2 hotels in new Orleans. The first night was spent in the Hilton Hotel (which was excellent) then we went on our cruise. On return we spent a further 3 nights in the Astor Crowne Plaza - French Quarter.The Astor Crowne Plaza was easily the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The reception staff were rude, condesending and uninterested in customer service. On arrival we were booked in to an occupied room. When we opened the door via the key card we discovered a room full of personal possessions. The elderly couple who were staying in the room returned when we were standing in their room. Reception were very uninterested in their mistake and re-allocated us another room. During our 3 night stay our room was serviced at various times (even late afternoon), the pool was so cold and dirty we could not use it. The Jazz Music on Bourbon Street was so loud it was impossible to get any sleep. The music did not stop until 5am every morning. We booked an alarm call which we did not get. When we complained reception informed us that we had received the call but that we had obviously slept through it. We know that we did not get the call because we did not sleep at all during our stay. The most annoying thing about this hotel was the attitude of the reception staff. When we complained the Duty Manager Mr Craig Wells, he was rude to us. He arranged to meet us on the 4th Floor courtesy suite and did not turn up nor did he appologise. When we complained at reception we spoke to Eric DeJean who said he was the front of house manager. He sent a bottle of wine to our room the night before we were due to leave the hotel and seemed to think that made everything acceptable. I would never stay in this hotel again. Although I will definetly return to New Oreleans.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Anniezon
<Content>They gave away our pre-paid room after 3 confirmation phone calls!!! I knew there was a music festival in New Orleans when I booked and pre-paid for the room on bookit.com, so I called three times to ensure our room would be saved for our late midnight arrival. I called a week ahead, the day before and the day we checked in to confirm our reservation for 2 adults and one child. All three times, the staff said no problem. When we arrived after midnight, the front desk clerk said they could not give us a room with 2 double beds - they had given them all away! I asked them to check if there was an upgrade available for just that night. They still said they were completely full and then discovered one room left with 2 double beds.After spending 15 minutes at the front desk, they sent us to a room with 10 mattresses and boxsprings stored in it. When we returned at the front desk, the next employee said we could have a room with a king size bed and, oh, by the way, all the hide-a-beds were already in use. Since it had to work early Sunday morning, I knew that would be unacceptable. Instead of assisting us in finding another hotel, the employee/mgr stated it's only for one night. We left and reserved another hotel near the airport immediately. I will never pre-pay for a room nor would I ever stay at this run down hotel. It is not a 4 star by any stretch of the imagination. The front desk staff lied to us in person continually until we walked out to find another hotel at 1 A.M. Fortunately American Express removed the charge immediately from my statement and is helping dispute the charge.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>addicted2cruizin
<Content>Close to everything My family (2 adults and 2 children) stayed at the Crown Astor for two nights. The valet and front desk were courteous. Our room was clean and comfortable. The kids tried out the pool. It was very cold. This hotel was located on Canal at Bourbon streets. Therefore it was close to many attractions. We were on the 8th floor, but we still heard the bands and noise from Bourbon Street. It was not enough to keep us awake. The hotel does provide ear plugs if you need them. Overall we had a positive experience and would stay here again.A final note: I have seen other reviews on this site regarding the air conditioning. After some experimentation, we concluded that the AC has a motion sensor. When no one is in the room or we were asleep, it shut off. When we were in the room and were active the AC ran and it was cool.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>alabama3Meridian
<Content>Filthy, nasty hotel! My stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. The room was hot, the tv was broken, at one point the commode wouldn't flush, and the playstation never worked. And those were the good things about the hotel! Cleanliness, or lack thereof, was the biggest problem. The comforter was dirty with makeup all over the top of it. Twice I had to call downstairs and get new towels and washcloths because they were not clean. For example, one night they had left only three washcloths for my family of four. One of the washcloths had red lipstick all over it, one had a small black curly hair in it, and one was clean. Another night, I unfolded/unrolled a towel to dry off my little girl and it had black streaks all over it. Nasty! Then, there's the issue of food...Don't trust the information book they leave in your room. It had a breakfast menu for the restaurant so we went to the restaurant to eat. There is no menu as a very expensive buffet is your only choice. The food was not good, but the worst part was that there was a dead bug floating in my son's apple juice. The waiter must be accustomed to this, as his response was minimal at best. In fact, he never brought us another drink--I finally just got up and got him some water. I have never left a negative review for a hotel, but this was just horrible! Stay away--anywhere has to be better than this.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>egrose
<Content>Great Stay Great stay! Comfortable rooms, very spacious. Since this hotel is located on Bourbon Street, it is loud with all the bands. Just ask for a room that will be quieter. Overall I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ron_L_64
<Content>Great stay Great deal on Hotwire or BookIt. Hotel was very nice, excellent location. Nice bar adjacent. I did not use any services so cannot comment there, but room was very clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>WittyL8dy
<Content>Suitable, depending on your needs.       View of Canal St. from our room  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>neilohendo
<Content>Absolutely amazing This is a great hotel with the best seafood bar I have ever been to. The staff are exceptional from the manager right down the the waiting staff.We arrived and the computers at reception were down. I asked the manager if he'd let us have a few drinks to pass the time.He said yes was very friendly and chatty and took us into the seafood restaurant and introduced us to the staff.Beds and rooms were huge and there was a safe and pleasant atmosphere. I would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NJlawgirl
<Content>Super Location - Excellent Hotel I booked this hotel through BookIt as a Mystery Hotel for a reasonable rate. Can't recall what the rate was but we came in to N.O. on Saturday, June 16 and were able to speedily check into our room at around 12:00 noon. Front desk personnel were very friendly. Room was nicely furnished and there were 2 queen size beds and a nice sized refrigerator with a microwave on top. We were on the 6th floor of the hotel. Loved the fact that they had a pool and actually used it for a coupleof hours on Saturday. Would definitely stay at this hotel again!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Marks_girl_1
<Content>4 star hotel...are you kidding? My husband and i have never been to New Orleans. We were only going to be there for one night so i thought we would go all out and stay right on Bourbon St. We were arriving about 9 pm so it was dark and left the directions at home. We call the front desk (while on our way into the city) and after being put on hold for 10 minutes on 3 different times, we are now on the other side of the city. The lady who answered the phone had no idea where the hotel was located. She kept saying Find the business district. We have no idea where that is. We went to a gas station and asked and they got us there.  It's now 10pm and we try to valet park. We sat in front of the hotel for 20 minutes while the valet guys chatted and talked on their phones, again we don't know where to park. They finally graced us with the privilege of paying about $30 a day for the valet.  We go inside to check in and stood in line for another 45 minutes because there was only one person behind the counter but there are 20 people checking in. We get to our room which was okay, but the AC was off. We turn it down to about 70 to get it nice and cool by the time we get back from the bars. We return to the room about 4 am to find that the ac not on. It was sooooo hot and stuffy, but i will admit we were too messed up to call the front desk to stay up even later to wait for them. In the morning, housekeeping woke us up at 8am. Since we got to the room at 4am, i was not happy to be woken up. They walked in the room! Never a knock, nothing. I yelled get out and the lady yells well next time put the do not disturb sign out i yell next time knock. There was never an oh I'm sorry or anything, just yelling. The lady returned at 10:30, this time with a knock and said, you only have 30 minutes until check out What is she my mother. I'll pay the extra fee if i have to for checking out late. I have never had someone tell me when to leave a room. I'm a paying guest, don't talk to me like that. We told the lady at the desk about the AC and she said oh you should have called when you first got to the room and we could have moved you. Well it was 10pm, we wanted to go out and we didn't know it wasn't working, it was just turned off.  I've had better stays at Holiday Inn's and payed about $150 bucks less a night  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>LegalGoldenEagle
<Content>Not impressed whatsoever I am discouraged at Hotwire. It usually provides accurate star ratings for hotels, but this one was way off the mark. When I booked, the hotel got a 4.5 star rating. I think a three star rating is more accurate.The bad: The air conditioning unit in our first room wouldn't work properly. It was set on 74 when we first got there. We set it for 66 so it would cool down fast, but it never got below 72. In fact, it would cool for about fifteen minutes, then shut off. The toilet stopped up and they never fixed it. A lamp didn't work. Our room was right next to the elevator and it was noisy all night. The pool was tiny, and had the same consistency and color as a puddle of mystery liquid on Bourbon Street. In our second room, supposedly a non-smoking room, you could smell smoke, and the comforter had two cigarette holes in it. Parking, even for New Orleans, was high. Our view in both rooms consisted of a concrete wall or parking garage.The good: When requested, they quickly moved our room with no problem. The air conditioner actually began working (at midnight) in our second room. Water pressure in sink and shower was good. Location was great. Not much else. I would not recommend this hotel, even for the Hotwire amount we paid.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>capsfan2002
<Content>Great Location I stayed for 6 nights in late May and early June, 2007. The location cannot be beat. Right on Canal and Bourbon Streets. If you get Bourbon Street side, though, use your ear plugs. The music plays all night. Within easy walking distance to Riverwalk, the Mississippi River, and ferry. Very pretty property. Large rooms and average size bathrooms. Very clean. Free wireless internet. Nice bar (excellent mojitos) and restaurant. Friendly staff. Very affordable for location. Movies in the room. Good conference meeting space as well.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>redeco
<Content>Total Comfort at the Edge of the French Quarter       French Quarter Charm is within steps of the hotel  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>manddcole
<Content>Excellent stay at Astor We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza in New Orleans, LA. The hotel is magnificent and we experienced an incredible stay.  We stayed on the 4th floor with an executive club. We ate a continental breakfast with fruit, french pastries, cereal, milk, coffee, etc. During the afternoon, wine and beer, cokes are freely available along with hot hor de vours, fruit, etc The roof top pool is lovely'; my child is 9 and played with three other children, 11, 12 and 13, while I enjoyed the hot tub. The pool attendant was wonderful stocking a large tower full of towels. The health club has a large room full of equipment. along with a shower, etc.  Restaurants in the French Quart are some of the greatest places to eat in the world. The Bourbon House is right inside the hotel and we ate there for dinner and lunch..  We paid $69 per night for a room on the club level which we got through BookIt as a mystery hotel. Needless to say, it was the most excellent value for a six chandler hotel. We got two rooms, king size beds with the most luxurious linens I've every slept in! Perhaps the best part was the location. On the corner of Canal Street and Bourbon, it is the most convenient to the Canal St. street car, the bars, shops, and restaurants in the French Quarter. Overall, it was the most awesome hotel stay I've ever had.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeathLA2LA
<Content>Great Hotel! This place was great. The location can't be beat. It was right in the heart of everything. Bourbon Street and Canal. There are great restaurants and clubs, right outside your door. I am very particular about the rooms I stay in. The rooms were not the Ritz by any means...but definitely nice. The staff was very nice...total southern charm. We were originally placed in a room that was smoking, We requested a non-smoking room and they very graciously assisted us. I will stay there again on my next trip to NOLA!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Chonkyfire
<Content>Great Location, Decent Price too I just got back from New Orleans after staying at the Astor Crowne Plaza for 3 nights for business. Our organization booked a block of rooms there but I could have chosen to stay at another hotel if I really wanted to. I'm pleased that I did end up at the Astor. The location is great with the side door right on Bourbon St. and the staff were friendly and helpful. Some of the reviewers have pointed out trays left out in the hallways for long periods of time and emptyvending machines as post-Katrina observations - unfortunately that isstill the case but it wasn't too big a deal for me. Lots of places are still understaffed down there so I can temper my expectations slightly.The hotel seemed to be reasonably occupied and I ended up staying on the 13th floor with a great view of Bourbon St. I was a little disappointed in the fitness area but they supposedly offered the option of working out at other nearby facilities for a reduced guest rate. I was usually too busy working or hanging out nearby to care though.In the end, if the price is right I would stay here again for business unless a complimentary breakfast was included (I know, I know, there are definitely plenty of good places to eat around here but its the convenience that always appeals to me.)  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>MuchTooBusy
<Content>Very Disappointing It's really sad because this used to be one of my favorite hotels, but the Astor has some serious problems. Don't get me wrong, the building is beautiful, but whoever is running the place is letting things go down the tube. These are the issues I experienced:1. Upon entering the room I immediately noticed that there are long brown marks (at least 2 feet) smeared across the one of the walls.2. The desk was missing its drawer.3. The night stand was missing a drawer.4. The knob to open the TV cabinet was missing.5. The air conditioner seemed like it pumped fresh cigarette smoke into my non-smoking room. 6. The bed is as hard as a rock.All of these problems are so obvious and easy to fix that it makes me wonder if the employees even care that this is happening. This is not the experience I am used to receiving at this hotel or any Crown Plazas, but I can say that I won't stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>flavere
<Content>Loved the Astor I won a 3 night stay at the Astor. Upon check in there was a delay because the desk person did not know how to process the certificate I had. I waited for a manager, Denise who was able to process it and was able to help with several other concerns that I had. The hotel is in an excellent location, right at Bourbon and Canal streets. Walk out the door onto Bourbon street or walk out the other door on Canal and get on a trolly.If you stay in one of the executive floors there is a complimentary continental breakfast in the morning and a cocktail party in the afternoon. Excellent hor derves.Brennan's Bourbon House restaurant is right in the building and Dickie Brennan's steak house right around the corner. Walk to hundreds of other restaurants and bars. Normal shopping on Canal, including a Walgreen's right across the street.Only one drawback I found to this hotel is no internet access from the smoking floor. Otherwise great.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>CKCsmile
<Content>Loved it!! Loved the hotel! There was a group of approx. 12 people and we all stayed at the hotel and loved it! Great location, clean beautiful rooms. The beds were comfy. Location was perfect. Staff was very nice. The valet parking was a plus. Had my car ready and in front of the hotel when I got ready to leave. The only complaint I have would be that our room key did not work on 3 different occasions and required us to go back downstairs several times. This will now be my hotel of choice while in New Orleans (this was my 3rd trip in 5 weeks)  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mysticks1
<Content>Great Location This was our mystery hotel booked through an online agency. For the price that we paid it was a great room. The location is wonderful with the side door opening directly onto Bourbon St. I thought the room was a little small in comparison to other rooms that I have stayed in but you don't go to New Orleans to spend time in your room. The room was very clean when we arrived. The room that we received was a corner room on the 11th floor facing Canal St. which had a good view but being in that location there was a lot of street noise in the hours before dawn such as buses and traffic. If we were to stay there again I would request a room away from the street which should be much quieter. Everyone that we dealt with was very helpful and friendly. The wait for our vehicle from the valet was only about 10 minutes. I would consider this hotel to be a good choice for a stay in New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Legalsax
<Content>Shame We've stayed at the Astor probably a half-dozen times over the last 3 or 4 years since it originally opened. Our last stay was in the summer of 2005 pre-Katrina. It has always been an excellent top-notch experience. 4-stars all the way.Unfortunately... it has not recovered from Katrina.We took a cruise out of New Orleans for Spring Break last week. The couple who were traveling with us wanted us all to stay over an additional night and got on Priceline to book a one-night stay. We were thrilled when they told us they got the Astor for $85.00. Our previous stays had been at least $135.00 a night and up. Now we see why they price is so cheap.Getting to the hotel after dis-embarking the ship just before noon, the Valet was helpful in getting us parked. Valet parking at the Astor has always been a nightmare so it was a pleasant surprise to get parked quickly and efficiently. That was the end of the improvements at the Astor.Our rooms were ready even though it was before Noon. We soon learned that the reason was that most of the hotel was almost vacant. They were apparently only using a few floors of the building.They had no bellmen on duty apparently and after waiting 20 minutes to get our luggage brought up, one of the management was kind enough to bring it up himself. Otherwise our luggage would have sat unattended indefinitely in the entrance to the hotel on Canal.Our room was clean enough but the wear and tear was evident. Very much changed from our last visit in '05. Stains on the carpet and bed covers. Generally dusty not quite right. Yes, we found mouse trap strips under the beds but no mice thankfully. The room was hot and the air worked minimally eventually cooling down during the night.The hallway was full of room service trays... some from breakfast, and then later on lunch and dinner. When we went to bed around 10pm, they still hadn't been picked up (including the breakfast trays). As someone else pointed out, no wonder they have a rodent problem!The kids wanted to swim so we headed to the pool. The pool and workout area seemed unchanged.I went to grab a soda out of the machine there on the third floor which read sold out. I went to another machine on another floor... also sold out. Another floor- same thing. And another. I saw a woman who appeared to be with housekeeping and asked about the coke machines all being empty. She mumbled something about them going fast and said I should try on the upper floors. I went up to the 14th floor where the machine said it had drinks but wouldn't take a $1 bill. Back down to the 13th floor and BINGO! A machine that had drinks and took my money. It even spit out two cokes! BONUS--- after only half an hour of trying to buy a Coke!!!If you want to be creeped out, go to the upper floors of the Astor. They are apparently unused any more. It was like being in the Shining.We got up and left the next morning so I can't comment on how housekeeping performs but I expect it was on par with the dirty trays in the hall and the empty Coke machines. I tried to guess occupancy based on the number of USATodays laying in front of doors. We were on the 5th floor and maybe a third of the rooms had papers laying out.It's clear that the hotel is being run on a skeleton staff. What a shame. Crowne Plaza should be so much better than this!!!This used to be our favorite hotel in the Quarter. We'll now stay far away from the Astor until we start seeing regular consistent good reviews on TripAdvisor over a period of time.Very sad.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>angiebabe120
<Content>You can probably find better I spent 4 nights at the Astor Crowne Plaza while in New Orleans on business. I should note that when on personal vacations I generally avoid large hotels because of their impersonality and lack of charm. When I do stay at large, chain hotels I expect a certain level of service and comfort. The Astor Crowne Plaza fell short of my expectations.To their credit, the room was comfortable, the lobby area is beautiful and the staff were nice enough. I know I spent about $100 less per night then some of my colleagues staying at the Marriot and Sheraton on Canal Street but I learned that you do get what you pay for. For some reason, I was given a handicapped room (1201) which was outfitted with a non-working hairdryer and a shower that would only run hot water after being left on for over 10 minutes. This was all very frustrating at 6am while I was trying to prepare for a day of meetings. In addition, the bathroom floor would be soaking wet and slippery after each shower because it was outfitted for someone in a wheelchair and there was no tub. The hairdryer was fixed, but only after 3 phone calls, and then broke again before I could use it. I finally decided to change rooms after my second night to avoid these problems. The staff were very willing to accomodate that request. Yet again the hairdryer didn't work at all in the new room (after 2 phone calls to the front desk that were ignored I just gave up) and, this time, I found insect/rodent traps under each bed! There was also a stain on the carpet. The 'business center' consists of two computers and a printer on a desk in an elevator lobby - I found this disappointing. Overall, not a horrible stay by any means, but I did expect more of such a large, chain hotel. I'll stick with the BBs!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	4	2	2	

<Author>heathork
<Content>Ok for a short stay My parents, my husband and I recently stayed over St. Patricks Day. We chose this hotel because of the ameneties and the $$. I usually stay at the Bourbon Orleans or the Royal Sonesta and this did not come close.We arrived on Friday 3-16 and proceeded to check-in. My mother is a travel agent and booked this room pre-paid ahead of time. Although when we checked in they tried to charge us again and could not understand that the room was pre-paid even tho we had travel documents showing that it was. This was only aminor setback. We got to the room and it was fine, small but no smaller than most rooms in the quarter. The temperature in the room was a sweltering 79 degrees, very uncomfortable. We switched on the A/C and headed out for the night and hoped it would be cooler by the time we returned later that evening. This was not the case. I was only down to 76 degrees by the time we arrived back at the hotel. We called the front desk and we were told that maintenance would come up and fix this problem. They eventually showed up very late in the night after we had all been asleep for a while (it was many many hours later). The next morning I noticed there was only one washcloth in the room for 4 people. We asked the housekeeping staff to leave more but they said no. The hotel was very very busy which was understandable for the weekend but no special attention was paid to customer service. I was looking for the business center to print my boarding passes and I was told Its over there and pointed across the room. This is not very explanitory. It took me 20 mins roaming around the building asking various workers to finally find this center.It was an ok hotel, customer service could have been improved but if my other favorites we already booked, I may try here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>tandjc
<Content>Great for the Price- Location, Location, Location Got the great rate through Bookit.com. Spring Break at a 4star hotel in the French Quarter for $79/night? Score.Amazing location. Nice room. Semi-friendly staff. Did I mention location? Nice amenities- internet, pool, hot tub.My only complaint is that the room service trays were left in the hall for hours at a time (can't they come back for these??)-- this contributed, I think, to the fact that there was a mouse in our room on the 4th night we were there. I told the desk and they just said We'll report it. Not a sorry or anything. The whole city smells bad, but that's not the hotel's fault:)  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bayoululu
<Content>Much better than the reviews... Stayed here for 3 nights during mardi gras. Stayed on the 4th floor (on 4, but close to the 4M elevator landing). Room was small - but normal for any historic downtown hotel - and very comfortable. Staff was overworked but excellent. Ice machine on our floor was broken, but running up to the 5th floor for ice wasn't a big deal. Noise from Canal was minimal. Given all Nola's been through and the slow recovery efforts, the hotel is in good shape. Given the short supply of staff, the hotel took very good care of us. Staff was pleasant even dueing the busiest times - and Mardi Gras can get very chaotic! 24 hr room service is back up and running. Valet does take a while - but just plan accordingly and call ahead 15-20 min. Can't beat the hotel's location!I would highly reccommend this hotel, especially at the current great rates.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jamison
<Content>Pleasant Surprise I booked my stay through bookit.com and was a little worried after some of the negative comments posted. I got such a great rate, though, that I figured how dreadful could it be?The Astor was a very pleasant surprise. We arrived early and were warmly greeted and granted an upgrade to the club floor ( thanks Desmond!) . Our room was very large, immaculate and offered a great view of Canal Street. The bed was divine and I think had the most pillows of any hotel I have stayed in. The club room was a nice respite in the afternoon after racing through the French Quarter. Our hostess was very pleasant and the variety of beer, wine and snacks were very good. Breakfast was also more than adequate.It's an excellent choice for location, value and comfort.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catertj
<Content>Hardly 4 Diamonds - Where did they get this rating? We were very excited to have booked this hotel with its 2007 four diamond rating. It could not have been farther from the truth. We arrived and went to the bar since our room was not ready at 3pm. The bartender yelled out that if we wanted something we had to come to the bar to get it since he was watching the football game. He continued to do this whenever a new guest entered the bar. We asked the front desk if there was anyone or a manager on duty who could show us the type of room we would be getting and were told no one is here due to the football game including no manager. We were to have connecting rooms. After 4:00pm, they checked us into to 5 different rooms and told us each time that the rooms connected but none did. What a case of the front desk clerks not knowing their room inventory. The rooms are very average with VERY TIRED BEDDING and MATTRESSES. We could see the mattress sagging from the start. Rooms are dark. The heat and air system is horrible. Both of our rooms had bed linen stains and one room has stains on the wall. Bath linens had a horrible chemical smell. I would never stay here again. The attitude of the staff is horrible and arrogant. NEVER AGAIN!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texasredtop
<Content>Valet Service The valet service took my vehicle for a little 23-24 mile joy ride. You pay over $25 a day for valet service and their employees use your vehicle like it was their own. I have been staying there once a year for many years but never again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ju123
<Content>A good stay at the Astor... We managed to get a 2 night stay at the Crowne Plaza in New Orelans through a mystery property deal on [--]. We knew we would get this hotel as someone had already mentioned it on Tripadvisor.We arrived after a very long transfer through traffic from the airport and were impressed from the outside, although there were a lot of roadworks around the area.When we were walking up to reception it was clear that this hotel was still in the process of repairs following Katrina. However following a smooth check in we headed up to our non smoking room.The room itself was great, with no smell of smoke which seems to be the main gripe with a lot of reviews on here. The king bed was amazing, as was the bathroom area...it felt very 4 star and but for a few scuffs on the carpet could have been close to approaching 5 star standards.The location is great. Just around the corner from Bourbon Street, although that can of course work for and against people as it can get loud during the evenings. In fact you can walk to all the local tourist attractions in about 10-15mins.As for the city itself obviously New Orleans is trying to attract tourists back and it will take some time to get over the Katrina problems. We found the city to be almost suspended in time, people were trying to have a good time on Bourbon but it just didn't seem right.All in all we liked the hotel, and if you fancy a few nights exploring this, shall we say, somewhat different city then I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>10808
<Content>Disgusting I thought this hotel would offer the best of southern hospitality. I couldn't have been more mistaken. The property is pleasant, but the employees are rude and arrogant. There is no sense of cordial-ness or even an effort to make sure the guest comes first. It is nearly impossible to reach a manager, and when I eventually did, platitudes were all I got. The front desk receptionist is rude and has the annoying habit of cutting me off in mid-sentence and constantly interrupting. No one seems to much care about the satisfaction or comfort of the guest. I will never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>don viajero
<Content>Tried it ...not impressed Being a customer of the moderate price motels, I was looking forward to a 4 start hotel. One of my brothers picked it as the hotel that our three families would stay while visiting our youngest brother, sister-in-law and the new baby in New Orleans. The staff was courteous and helpful. The room had two queen beds and were quite comfortable. Though a non-smoking room, it a had a lingering odor of smoke. The closet space was adequate for a three night stay. The bathroom was definitely more upscale: ceramic tile floors, granite-top sink; and upscale water fixtures. Towels and complimentary toiletries were restocked daily. The room temperature was a bit cool even though the stat was set at 71 degrees. We didn't eat at the on-site restaurant preferring to take in the local eateries. What took away from the experience was the swivel mirror in the bathroom was broken; a large electrical panel-- 1' x4' which is tacky in and of itself -- had fallen off its hinges; and to get your car you had to wait 15 min. or more while the valet literally ran a couples of blocks to get it for you. Minor details would be the gouged-out frame of the full length mirror; having to go to another floor to purchase a soda because our floor was sold out (who was buying it, I don't know because we saw very few people going and coming); not getting a requested wake-up call the morning of our departure. Call me cheap, but there wasn't even a mini-fridge or stocked fridge in the room. We got a complimentary paper delivered to our door only once. And there was no free, room wireless. However, there was a business center to fax, internet access, etc. It wasn't the worst experience I've had, but I wasn't impressed.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>hatlad
<Content>Very nice  We stayed here on frequent stay points 2 nights between Christmas and New Years. Hotel was very quiet, comfortable and clean in all regards. Staff was very accomodating and friendly. Hotel is located at Canal and Bourbon streets so is very conveniently located for French Quarter activities, Emerils, Riverwalk Mall, Harrahs etc. Personally, I wouldn't bother with a rent car or cab staying here unless walking is difficult or it is raining.The Executive Level rooms were wonderful. However, the EL free breakfast was pretty skimpy but they do have a free cocktails and munchies thing every night 5-7 but we never made it back in time.Concierge desk is only manned until 11 am which we thought kind of odd.Overall, a very pleasant  convenient place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>like2travelWa
<Content>Terrible time at the Astor Crowne Plaza I read a few reviews before staying here  thought they were harsh. Unfortunately, the reviews were true. I stayed here 11/27-12/1/06 for work  had a terrible time. The hotel lobby was nice; hotel staffs were OK. The hallway has a mold/mildew smell  the carpet was old. I went to my room and could not open the door. I noticed there were dishes outside, so either the room was occupied or the hotel staffs have not cleaned the hallways. As I entered into the 2nd room, there was a disgusting smell (vomit  smoke); I had requested non-smoking room. So on the 3rd try, the room they gave me was much better. It was on the same floor as the Priority Club lounge (4th floor). There is only valet parking at this hotel; it cost $28. Vallet takes approximately 15mins to get your car. My 3rd day, it took over 45mins to get my car. Every time I asked about my car, the valet person told me it was coming. I told them that I could have walked to my workplace in 20mins instead of waiting for my car. They told me that they will not charge me for that day. I decided that I won't be using their valet service again. I ended up using another parking place; this was right behind the hotel ($20/night) and it took them 5 mins to get my car. When I returned to the hotel that night, again, I could not open my door. I went to the registration counter  was told that they checked me out already (Thurs.); I had a reservation til Friday. While waiting for the hotel staffs to sort out the issue, I spoke to other hotel guests nearby. Apparently these guests were having problems with their reservation; the hotel did not have rooms for them. At checkout on Fri, they charged me an extra day of parking. After trying to explain to the staff that I wasn't currently parking there and the guy was clueless, I gave up and left. I had a terrible time at this hotel  I don't recommend this hotel at all!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>cjval
<Content>Not Impressed I was very disappointed in this hotel. I realize that there are still some clean-up and service issues, but the ones here were not hurricane-related. The hotel was dirty and our non-smoking room smelled strongly of smoke. My mother's non-smoking room was a bit cleaner and did not smell smoked-in. The service was at best, mediocre. I would not choose this hotel again. There are many, better places to stay in the city.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>cupcake2
<Content>What a deal! What a fantastic hotel! Even had we paid full price, the value was there. This hotel is located at the corner of Bourbon and Canal, very convenient. The room was wonderful. We were put on the executive floor for no extra charge. This included free drinks and appetizers from 5-7 in the evening and a light breakfast from 7-10 in the morning. The room was very clean and the bed was extra comfortable. The staff could not have been better. I have no reservations in recommending this hotel. At bookit.com the hotel is listed as a mystery hotel for $69. If you are going to New Orleans, this is the place. The Bourbon Street restaurant in the hotel is incredible. We ate there two nights because it was so good.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJHMI
<Content>A mercifully kind review My 4 day stay at the Astor Crown Plaza involved conflicting emotions: on the one hand it is really hard to beat up on a hotel which is struggling to come back from Catastrophe, while on the other hand there are certain minimum standards of hotel civility which are hard to ignore in the breach.The ultimate bottom line is the price/value ratio --- in my case the rock bottom prices of the room --- avg $136 - $150 per nite (plus characteristic 18% tax + $2.00/nite surcharge) still made the hotel very, very competitive with just about anywhere else in the U.S. I refuse to criticize the Astor Crown which obviously has staffing and service issues; rather I will make gentle suggestions which will make things more comfortable for guests:1. Can you provide working ice machines on any other than the 4th floor?2. Can you furnish edible room service (filet/chicken entrees were totally substandard) ?3. Can you provide fresh towels (no add'l towels after 2 requests). 4. Can you, please, please fix the dripping faucet in the bath tub?I missed NOLA last year because of Katrina. I was delighted to return and urge others to do likewise. It is still a great City. The Astor NOLA is a great bargain... only because the rates are so darn cheap, I will probably book there again ! JJHp.s. Antoines and Commanders Palace back in full stride and worth the trip by themselves !  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>darby77
<Content>Astor was very nice! Our first stay, and I was very pleased with the Astor Crowne. The staff was very nice and helpful. The rooms were small, but elegant, and the attention to detail was fantastic! They included earplugs (which I used), a CD to help you relax, lavendar spray for the linens and even a romance novel in the bathroom! I think details count so much. We had a view right over Canal Street, so the earplugs came in handy. Also, right on Bourbon, can't get better than that!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shootout
<Content>The details leave a lasting impression For the price I was not impressed. After checking into our room, within 5 minutes another guest entered our room, they were given the same room. There was an swarm of ants in our room, after locating a phone in our room that worked I called housekeeping regarding the matter. They arrived and sprayed Raid over the entire bathroom , to the point that I had to spend time cleaning the Raid from counter top and floor.Went to get ice, our floors ice machine was broken. We decided to order room service,when the bill arrived the menu item had a price increase of 52%. I called to inquire as to the difference, you must have an old menu, I asked when did the menu change, April 2006 , the hotel adjusted the food bill by 20%, but did not honor the old menu price.When checking out we discovered a prior guests trash under the beds, so much for housekeeping. If you must visit New Orleans I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	1	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>watreal
<Content>Epitomy of 5-star Hotel This was the best hotel I have been to. We stayed in a Hotel in New Orleans a week earlier and it was nothing compared to the service and appearance of the Astor. The exquisite staff was top-notch. Valet was top notch. I had the privilege of being helped by 2 of the finest employees i have ever encountered. Ms. Keyana and Jamie were The Best of the Best. I will be sure to re visit the Astor on my future trips to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ruz
<Content>Great Trip to New Orleans and Loved the Astor Crowne Plaza We just returned from a business trip to New Orleans and stayed for three nights at the Astor Crowne Plaza. We had a terrific experience.The staff was friendly and helpful. I had a king room that faced Canal Street, but didn't notice any noise problem. My room was on the 4th floor (Executive Club floor) and the room was in excellent repair--clean and smelled pleasant. Everything worked (hair dryer, alarm clock, temperature control). I used the onsite exercise facility. The door lock wasn't functioning the first morning I tried to use the room, so I called from the phone near the elevators and the front desk sent someone up immediately to fix the problem. I definintely would choose this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty lobby, okay rooms, inconsistent service made for a bad experience I recently stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza in New Orleans for a conference. I would have given this hotel a higher rating, had it not been for an unbelievably uncomfortable encounter with the front desk manager who was so rude and unprofessional, I sent a letter to the general manager (the first time I have ever done such a thing). Basically, there was confusion about the charge for Internet services in the hotel's business center. My classmate, without asking, got her fee waived by this manager, since she (as many of us) had to post an assignment for class. My classmate encouraged me to ask the front desk manager for the same waiver, since I also had to post an assignment. I guess I caught the manager in a bad mood, because she laid into me about expecting the same thing that another guest had (she actually said If you overheard me comp a room for a guest, I suppose you would expect a free room too?). I was shocked, and asked her to explain what the difference was, since we were doing an assignment for the same class. She said we are not a consistent business, and if I want to waive a fee for someone who is polite, I will do so. I've worked in retail for years, and I know when people are being rude or impolite, and I was certainly not. She then called the Business Center and said I have a guest here who wants to use the Internet for free. I WAS going to give it to her, but now she's just arguing with me. First of all, that was a lie--she told me flat-out that she would not waive the fee for me. And, arguing I was not doing. I don't like to draw attention to myself, nor do I complain about service. Her unprofessionalism was so egregious, however, that I felt personally insulted and wanted an answre that made sense, customer service-wise. I feel as though this front desk manager meted out such waivers as the whim struck, and grew angry when I caught her in several lies about why she waived the fee for my classmate (she said, at one point, that my classmate's laptop was broken, which would be acceptable, had my classmate owned a laptop or borrowed one, which she did not). It was one of those situations in which you cannot believe things are unfolding as they are. This woman, the front desk manager, seemed to delight in making me beg and actually smirked when I cried (she really upset me). It was disgusting, and I am sharing this experience with anyone I know who travels. Since my letter to the hotel has not been responded to, I feel this is my only recourse. As for the hotel itself, please read on:Upon arrival, our group encountered nice, but very confused front desk clerks. Our group of 12 had been reserved in 4 rooms through our professor, and the front desk clerks were unable to figure out who was assigned to which room. In fact, they couldn't retrieve my professor's reservation. They gave a room to four of my peers, who moved their luggage in and began taking turns in the shower. When my professor arrived (30 minutes later), the confusion was cleared up by the front desk manager. However, the four women who had been assigned a room and moved in had to move out and go to the correct room (since the front desk clerk did not give them the right one).The rooms themselves were ok, though the promised queen size beds were full-size. We were missing some key items in the room, including a bath mat for the shower, and we were given those very quickly. We did notice, though, that the daily room cleanup did not include any dusting, so the coffeepot, end tables, and desk had a pretty gross layer of dust the entire time we stayed there. I did not get a chance to use the concierge services, on-site restaurant, or fitness center, so I cannot comment on those. I highly recommend choosing another hotel on Canal Street other than Astor Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hounddog224
<Content>Lovely People I have just returned from my first visit to New Orleans.The hotel room i had was lovely and spacious.The beds was really comfortable.It was one of the nicest hotel rooms i had been in.The hotel staff were extremely nice.They could not do enough for you and it was genuine not fake like some people.The people i came across on my visit were all so nice.They appeared to be happy despite all the troubles they are going through.I did and tour and we passed through some of the parts still affected by the disaster.I just felt so sorry for everyone who lived there.It must have been so hard for these poor people.What they need now is tourists to get their lives back in order.My advice is go visit New Orleans do not be put off by talk of the disaster.You will enjoy yourself and meet some truly nice people.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cpdh
<Content>comfortable, clean room I can't say much about the restaurant, bar, work out room, or other amenities of the Astor Crowne Plaza, and I'm not certain it's yet fair to judge New Orleans hotels by strict standards. What I can say is that the five nights I spent there last month were entirely comfortable. Our room overlooked Bourbon Street, but the noise was minimal - whether that reflects on lighter traffic on Bourbon Street, I don't know. The beds were delightful. I slept deeply each night thanks to the good mattresses, pillows, and linens. When I first walked in the room, I noticed how tidy and attractive it was. A basic room, but it had a look of better quality beddings that was appealing. Yes, service at the hotel is shaky, but I think many places in New Orleans are having difficulties still with filling positions with experienced staff. My real quibble: $10 a day for Internet connection. I cannot understand why hotels do not offer wireless or in room connection as a standard free amenity.New Orleans has a long way to go in many ways and in many areas, but the Crowne Plaza seems to be getting on track quite nicely.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DocPsych
<Content>Convenient With Some Glitches I stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza for two nights while on business. Located on Canal Street just around the corner from Bourbon Street, the Astor is ideal for the tourist who wants to experience the French Quarter via a short walk. The Astor staff was friendly and cordial, including the desk clerk who asked me what type of room I preferred (a king or two full-size beds). She honored my request for a king bed on a high floor. I had a room on the top (14th) floor, which helped control noise from the constantly busy Canal Street. The room itself was quite adequate, a standard size room with a desk and USB computer hookup. The hotel conveniently posts no information in the room about the $9.95 + tax charge for the use of their high-speed internet access (a window pops up once you connect to the internet, requiring you to agree to its terms and charge.The bed and bedding were quite comfortable ,one of the best hotel mattresses I have ever slept on. Just as another poster experienced, a light bulb was missing from one of the nightstand lamps. I discovered the hair dryer in the bathroom did not work and reported it at the front desk. The cordial desk clerk replied that he would have it looked into right away. The dryer was not fixed until I took on the job myself out of sheer necessity the next day. While the hotel is a good bet for tourists, I do have one strong suggestion for those with children (including teens): Do not take your children to Bourbon Street. It's sleazier than ever and is most inappropriate for impressionable youth. I can party as hearty as anyone and have liberal veiws, but Bourbon Street has virtually no limits. Wandering drunk tourists, women openly flashing their breasts for some cheap beads, t-shirts for sale with the most vulgar words possible emblazones on them, and posters of nearly nude women in suggestive poses advertising live sex shows. Yet, I saw several families wandering Bourbon Street. Leave the kiddos at home if you intend to cruise on Bourbon!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay What a nice place to stay for our first trip back to New orleans since last jazz Fest. Went with our two young kids and my mother (5 total). The staff was very friendly and helpful....from the doormen to the bell staff and esp. the front desk and concierge. The rooms are great...with the only exception that we had to ask them to reinstall a fire detector that had been removed by a previous tenant. But the beds were very comfortable with a nice view. The room service menu was not initially in the room but everything was fixed upon speaking to management on the first night. The room service food is pretty good. You do have to valet your car but they are pretty quick at retrieving it for you. They say to call ahead but most times we were instructed by a message to go down to the front to request the car so just fair warning. New Orleans has a far way to go in the recovery but do not hesitate in visiting this town. The Zoo is open as is Cafe du Monde and a few other places which seem the same. Prepare yourself that a great deal of the small businesses have found it hard to stay open. The city is in need of tourism and economic boost. The French Quarter has a few changes, of course, but it was great to feel like there is a future for this great city that has given so much to its travelers. enjoy the bar and restaurant and fantastic service!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edboogie
<Content>Getting cleaned My wife and I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Crowne Plaza on Apr 25th. The location cant be beat at the corner of Bourbon and Canal. I was a little worried about noise so I requested a high floor and a quiet room. We actually wound up with a room that faced a small inside courtyard on the fourth floor. It was extremely quiet. The front desk staff was very nice.The second, third and fourth floors actually have 2 levels. One is called the mezzanine level and it is seperated from the other floor by about 8 steps in the hallway. It took us a couple of times to figure out we wanted 4M and not 4 in the elevator. It is all by room number. The lobby was for the most part vacant and I didnt see anyone lounging around. The hallways are all getting caulked so they can get a coat of paint. And the carpets were getting ripped up to replace or clean them. They really needed it. This didnt pose a real problem and I assume when the work is done it will be very nice.Our room had a 16 foot high cieling and was clean and comfortable. The light in the bathroom was rather dim and one light bulb from the light on the nightstand had been stolen. We did have some trouble with housekeeping. The first morning they showed up at 8 am and wanted to clean because they thought we were checking out. There was no do not disturb sign for us to put out. We said we were not checking out and asked them to come back later. We went out for the day and came back at 5 pm and still had not been serviced. We called the front desk who called housekeeping and it was done an hour later. We had the same lack of service the next day and at 3:30 pm had to request to have our room serviced. The sleep amenities were nice and each bed had 7 or 8 pillows on it. It was very comfortable. The room didnt get alot of sunlight because of the small courtyard it faced. The bath amenities were very nice. Several restaurants have limited menus or times. The Napoleon House is only open for lunch. Some places ran out of food, but for the most part everything we ate was good. If you like bbq at all you really need to try Zydeque, a cajun bbq place at Bourbon and Iberville, out standing. Also glad Red Fish Grill was as good as always. Pat OBriens no longer has popcorn. Had terrible wait staff service at Bacco, which ruined our meal.Once the hotel public areas get cleaned up and the housekeeping staff gets back to normal this would be an excellent place to stay.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>arlingtonTXguy
<Content>**Not back to Pre-Katrina form** Positives: Great room, courteous front desk staff.Negatives: The lobby and common areas were filthy. There were people (not travelers) standing, and sitting around at all times of the day. I felt like this hotel was catering to FEMA more than to us.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed with Astor My partner and I had booked in for Mardi Gra. Our room was basic. The door to the bathroom was hard to close. The hairdryer didn't work. As we had a long trip we slept in on our first day. We left the room at 1.30pm - after taking down the Do not disturb sign. We came back after 5pm and the room hadn't been made up. Rang house keeping and they promised it would be done by the night shift, we asked for fresh towels to be delivered in the meantime to we could shower and go back out - half an hour later we were still waiting. They were delivered within 5 minutes after a second call to house-keeping. The woman who delivered the towels was apologetic and assured us our room would be made up that night. We got back after midnight and nothing had changed. Spoke to the manager and he said that if Do not Disturb signs were left on the door after 1pm the room wouldn't get made up - and he denied everything the housekeeping people had told us. I pointed out there was nothing in the room that indicated there would be no house keeping service after a certain period of time - he didn't care.Next day we were out by 10 am - room hadn't been serviced by 3.30pm - rang housekeeping and was assured it would be done - which happened an hour later. Couldn't figure out if our room was serviced in late afternoon , why couldn't it have been done at the same time the previous day?The last day in the hotel - we had been out since morning and came back after 5pm - the room had not been touched. Rang house keeping - they said they would get back to me. Left a message on the General Managers mobile phone then 10 minutes later 4 staff turned up to clean the room. By this time we couldn't be bothered dealing the hotel manager.Also had a problem with room service - went to order from the room service menu and was told it wasn't available - they had to send the temporary menu up. We had planned to watch the evening parades from our room with what appeared to be a nice dinner on the standard menu. Couldn't get what we wanted on the temporary menu so spoke to the Manager and he blamed the previous guest for removing the temporary menu. I suggested housekeeping should be ensuring each room had one. He gave us dinner free - it was served up on plastic plates and cover with plastic food wrap - anything fried was soggy and most food was not eaten. If we had known the standard menu wasn't available we would have gone to decent restaruant before the parades started.There would have been no complaints if they had simply ensured their restrictions and changes were clearly advertised in the room. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overwhelmed I was not prepared to pay pre-katrina prices for post-katrina service. The hotel is lovely, but it was very difficult to check in because there is no place to pull in/check in/get your luggage in except very busy canal street. The bellhops seems disorganized and ineffecient. I had to get out, stop traffic and guide my driver in front of the hotel. There is no parking garage connected or valet service (that I could get wind of) and their garage is down the street a block from the hotel. I ended parking in a public parking garage in the back street of the hotel which was faster, easier and cheaper.The hotel is currently serving as home for displaced people, so the atmosphere was more like overworked apartment managers. There was foul language and inappropriate dressing from the displaced in the lobby and up and down the halls, kids playing... the maids were overworked and lugging the largest piles of trash out of the rooms and in no mood to be helpful. I felt sorry for them as I heard one woman resident-since-the-hurricane berating a small housemaid that was beyond her capabilities of dragging trash into the hallways.We couldn't get movies turned on (I know this all seems trite, but it was not Hotel 6 pricing) although we tried for 3 hours. Although the hotel boasts a 'business center' and the front desk assured us we could get a package fed'exed out... upon arrival lugging the huge box, the door was locked and it took 45 mins of wrangling someone down there to find no one knew where the forms were, the scale, what the procedure was. The front desk was positively overwhelmed.In fact, we ended up dragging our luggage into our room after the 20 min wait to check in (front desk was considering/resolving the problems of various displaced who were being moved to another hotel or straightening out some service).There was no room service menu in the room, we were told to go to the attached restaurant, which was not the hotels restaurant so although we asked for real (not styrafoam) plates and forks, we couldn't get them.We went to New Orleans to show some support and it was intense seeing the damage, spirit and Mardi Gras. I hope things continue to settle there but I would be hard pressed to stayat the Astor again. Particularly I would call ahead to see how their guest register was looking and if they still had many displaced people, they need to have more staff to handle that.As a note, we stayed the first 4 nights across the street at the JW Marriott, with none of the inconveniences we experienced at the Astor. The Astor is being paid for the dozens of displaced families staying there, and still charging regular room rates to the rest of us guests, so why don't they hire some efficient people to get through this crisis?  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place My wife and i stayed at the astor for the 2004 Mardi Gras, I was very impressed with the cleaniness of the rooms and helpful staff regarding questions or directions to places we wanted to see. I was reading reviews on this site and see most loved the place but some complain...oh well that will happen. Only thing I didnt like was a Bloody Mary I ordered, but hey that may be the way they make them in Orleans..I wasnt in New york anymore. all in all I think it was a great place!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Stay Our family of five had a wonderful weekend getaway at the Astor-Crowne Plaza. The hotel is lovely, and the employees were exceptional. The service was outstanding!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sonya
<Content>Stayed for the Essence Festival Some friends and I stayed in a double bed/non smoking for 3days/2nights. We enjoyed our stay throughly. This hotel is at the corner of Canal/Bourbon. So we were in the middle of all the fun. The trolley also made a stop right in front. I do suggest that you request a room above the 4th flr otherwise your view will be blocked. The staff was courteous and always checked to see if we were in need of anything.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My heart goes out to all the staff and residents in New Orleans i loved the astor hotel and i loved New Orleans even more because of my experiecnce, as a first time visitor. All the staff were friendly and warm. The location is perfect as your in the heart if the french quarters and everywhere else to be honest. I hope to be back one day soon to get some of that southern hospitality. Until then my prayers and thoughts are with you all in this great time of need.love you allfiona anderson - london  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, great value. My friends and I had the pleasure of staying at the Astor Crowne Plaza in June of 2005.  The staff was friendly and very competent and made our mini-vacation quite enjoyable. Ms. Kimberly Johnson was exceptionally helpful and should be commended for her fine efforts. With its great location and exceptional service, I heartily recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zoe-la
<Content>Quality Hotel in a Great Location After a string of mediocre hotel experiences on our recent vacation, the Astor Crowne Plaza was a joy! The location was perfect for exploring New Orleans on foot. Every single staff member we encountered were professional and accomodating. The room was truly clean and appointed with special little extras that went beyond the call of duty. After a full day of touring, we couldn't wait to fall into the fabulously comfy bed, pillows and fresh linens. Our room remained quiet even as the New Orleans nightlife buzzed on the city streets below....we loved this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>toad1212
<Content>What a Joke ! Wonderful hotel visit up until the final day..... After a long and relaxing vacation my wife and I approach the valet stand to retrieve our car for the long drive back to Florida. This is where the joke begins. After a 15 minute wait ... You and approximately 15 others are picked up, packed in and hauled off two miles down the road to a parking garage in a neighborhood which resembles downtown Beirut. Once there you are shoved out and left to wait while 1 valet attendent scrambles to get 15 vehicles.... What a JOKE ! are you kidding me ?? How and the heck can the Crown Plaza charge their guests $27 a day for this ?? I could have just parked my car in a full service garage behind the hotel and had a much more enjoyable experience. Next time I will just stay at either the Sheraton or Marriott and not risk my life retrieving my car in a parking gargage in the middle of one of the worst neighborhood's in North America ! Astor ... you should be ashamed of yourself !!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>1	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Orleans Magic My visit at the New Orleans Crowne Plaza Hotel was wonderful. Although it was a business trip, the food, the service and the people who worked to meet my individual needs were what made my stay unique.As an early childhood professional I was attending a training conference while at the Crowne Plaza. One person in particular (Lorie Reine) worked to assist me with my checking in, computer needs, suggestions and recommendations and she had a sincere desire to help. The evenings in New Orleans provided a magical touch to my stay. With the culture of the city, the friendliness of the people, and the jazz music on Bourbon Street, I was always glad to have a comfortable bed at night. Because I travel 75% of the time with my job, I am very conscious of the comfort of the room and the people who work at the hotel and I found them far superior to many hotels that I stay in during my travels. May I say the bed and bedding were far superior to many hotels that I stay in in my travels. This is the kind of bed I would like to have at home. The Crowne Plaza provided that for me. I found the atmosphere of the hotel and food to be very good while attending the conference. The wait/staff were very good to attend to all needs. In fact, everyone from the doorman to the wait/staff were their to make my stay a good one.Thank you Crowne Plaza for making my stay such a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff Especially house keeping emplyee Betsy My first visit to New Orleans during the busy Essence Jazz Festival weekend. The Astor Crowne Plaza was excellent the staff was very helpful, giving tour information, serving the room and dealing the needs of their visiting guest. This is a very busy weekend yet the staff was exceptional in providing excellent service. I would stay at Astor Crowne Plaza again and again. Perfectly located on the main corner of Bourbon and Canal the street car is direct outside the main door of the hotel. Jasmine and soft music CD. sleeping mask and ear plugs provide to easy the traveler to sleep. Our room view over looked Bourbon street.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gotcpa1972
<Content>Disappointing for a Crowne Plaza First of all, the location of the hotel was great. We loved being in the middle of everything, but i think that is where the great-ness stopped. My husband waited outside for the valet while i checked in. At check in, i requested a quiet room, to which the front desk said would be no problem. the bellman brought me to a room right above 4 gigantic roof fans that were extremelt LOUD. i requested to move to another room. the bellman came 15 minutes later and brought me to another room (during that time my husband decided to find parking on this own, since the valet could not be found). i unpacked and decided to use the restroom. assuming the toilet was clean, i sat on the toilet, but it was dirty! there was dried, sticky, yellow pee splatter all over the seat! i felt dirty and disgusted! i called the front desk and spoke to the manager, who said that he can have someone come clean the toilet. i told him that would be fine, but asked if the toilet was not clean, how was i to be sure the tub or even the sheets had been changed? at that point, i was just mad. he basically asked, well what do you want me to do about it. i just didnt want to move any more and someone came to the room to clean the toilet. i decided to take a shower after the ordeal, and the tub had such a slow drain, i can only define it as clogged. the dirty water (from my toilet experience) was hovering around my ankles. my experience at this hotel was horrible, and i will never stay here again. i dont know if my experience with this hotel was isolated, but it is too coincidental to be just that.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A vacation to remember i have to say, going to New Orleans for the first time can be a little frightening, but the astor crowne plaza staff made us feel right at home. Me and my wife stayed for three nights. The valet service made us feel like we were in New York by bringing our car around to the front door curb side. The two staff members that really helped us out were the night time doormen Brad And Romeo, they made us laugh and smile. Friday night after checking in my wife notice she left her phone in the car so Brad got it out of our vehicle and brought it to the hotel. We felt really stupid but saturday night my wife's phone battery was dead and Romero charge the phone all afternoon for us in the hotel shuttle. Without the cell phone we wouldn't have been able to check up on our teenagers at home. Overall our stay at the crowne plaza was great.  Thanks Roger Spenkman  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>God Sent! We visit New Orleans maybe 10 times a year, but have to say this time was the bomb. Whenever you come to New Orleans, please stop by just to visit the hotel, than make your reservation for a weekend. You will enjoy every bit of it. The comfort in the lobby, rooms, and surroundings. I grade this hotel a 10+.We went for a youth conference at the Hyatt but, stayed with some friends at Crown Plaza New Orleans off Canal Street no mistake. Was busy all day but, at night time we party all night long. The Friday night we got tickets for the making of BET Comic View Show....well, after calling one of my sisters she informed me she had front row seating for the same show, just to meet her there off Canal and University.....not to far from where we were staying......Laugh my butt off too, you know it's good to laugh at times.....so if you see me on BET hey we had a good time.Now the Sunday a friend of mine took us to eat at the Trolley Station for some good breakfast and cheap price, it's nice for folks who lives there show us around too, jsut be very helpful to the guests or their friends. P.S. I will tell all of my friends and family about this hotel so get ready for lots of guests......everything was fine to the finest.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Echos in Heaven         
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ms_Moggy
<Content>We didn't want to leave       The bathroom was so pretty  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff, comfortable beds, and Great Hot Tub! My wife's and my stay at the Crowne Plaza (Astor) in New Orleans was better than we ever expected! Every morning I went to the hot tub to relax. My wife, Denise, and I never had a honeymoon or a vacation in more than over nine years since we've been married. Joshua Caraway up-graded us to a suite in room #307! Randy Perkins, at our request, allowed us to stay an extra night with a low rate. LaShanda Davis, Varonna Boyd, And Sharlene Baldwin gave us The Extra Mile when it came to customer service. You should be very proud of the entire staff at this hotel. Even the housekeepers respected our privacy and provided excellent service. My wife and I did not have time to do all we wanted to do, so we will not hesitate to book rooms in this wonderful hotel in the near future.Thank You Very Much!!Bruce and Denise Detotto  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the service and a special thanks to Eric Dejean Mr. Dejean provided excellent service and helped my party on several occasions with questions and advice. I will definitely consider staying at the Astor Crowne Plaza again for the location and quality of the hotel. Eric is definitely an asset to the Astor Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for DC/BWI Group to Essence Fest! This was our first year taking our group to the Crowne Plaza and also our first year with NO COMPLAINTS about the hotel from any of our guests. Needless to say... they can count on our booking YEAR AFTER YEAR! The service was FANTASTIC. Everything was great with the checkin. All of the room keys were ready as we requested AND our rooms were on the Upper Floors OR Away from Bourbon Street with was perfect. Jeronica  Pamela at the front desk handled the couple of issues that we had with no problem, basically because we had guys that had a King Bed... and you know how upset they can be with that. Personally, Jeronica deserves a special something because she was able to handle the most difficult problems with ease and with no frustration when the other front desk personnel were easy to become frustrated with the problems that occured. She said there was not a Front Desk Manager on duty, but she was great and made some exceptions to make our guests happy. The rooms look just the way they do on the website.The only problem was with a mouse in our room (we were a little freaked out). But the manager had someone come up and set some traps. I guess you can only expect it being so close to Bourbon street.We really enjoyed ourselves.Tamika N. Crider - Travel AgentGroup Travel SpecialistOn The Go, LLC  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome I am in love with this place. The front desk staff at check- in and check out are so great. There's even an old guy who hangs out next to the desk in the daytime giving you advice on where to go and have fun. The bedding is of excellent quality and even more comfortable than the one I sleep on at home. If not for the comfortable beds, then for the great people, especially that old guy. I never did get his name.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent - Customer Assistance I had an oppertunity to stay at this perfectly located New Orleans, LA location and I loved everthing about it. However, the most impressive aspect about my stay was the customer assistance I received. From curb side parking/valley to check-in/check-out and everthing between, my experience was the best I have had in years. Thanks to Ms Kim Johnson and Pam Green of the Crowne Plaza staff for making my stay so GREAT.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jennnifer
<Content>No matter what you call it, it is still a holiday inn Let me say the good things first: location, location, location. This hotel has the best location if you plan to spend time on Burbon street or the French Quarter. Also, upon arrival they provide you with ear plugs :) because it does get rather loud both on Burbon (hotel is on corner of Burbon and Canal) and on Canal Street. Also, the streetcars are right there, so you will have great and easy access to the heart of New Orleans. Also, the lobby is really pretty.Now. I won't ever stay at this hotel again. First off, they charge $21.99 a night for VALET parking. Aside from checking in, we only attempted to use valet parking once... at checkout. When I called to give them my ticket number for them to pull my car up, I was greeted by a voice mail which said to for me to take my luggage out the front door and get in the shuttle where they will drive me to the parking garage and I can get out and drive my car out myself.This is UNACCEPTABLE (and I wonder if it is criminal). I'm NOT going to pay the most I have ever paid for valet parking to be shuttled to a parking garage. So I called the front desk and they told me to call valet parking (i.e. voice mail). So then I called the excellent service number, a number provided upon arrival in case you have any complaints. The woman who answered didn't want to hear anything and transferred me to the front desk (where I already had called)... then I called and asked for the manager on duty, who explained that they shuttle because the traffic on Canal Street. So I looked out the window, Suday morning at 9:30, and I counted about 5 cars on Canal Street. No traffic.The manager on duty did get my car pulled up for me and my husband. So the problem was solved-- but not before I had to wait 20 minutes for someone to take responsibility for solving this issue.The room is pure Holiday Inn. Under the sink in the bathroom, there was a HUGE hole in the wall. The toilet paper hangs on a hook under the sink where you have to lean over to get it, and then it falls off to the floor every time you try and get some. The hair dryer didn't work, and the iron was missing half of the base so that I almost burned myself when I went to put it on the ironing board. Room service was a trainwreck. They had told me the wait was 30 minutes. My breakfast didn't get there until one hour, 5 minutes later. The waffle was cold and soggy with much too much powdered sugar on it. My chocolate milk was made with white milk and syrup and was room temperature. They did comp. my breakfast, which was a good thing since I couldn't eat it.They advertised a gift shop in the lobby. When I asked for directions at the front desk to the sundry shop, the girl looked at me with a blank stare because she didn't know what sundries were. When I said I wanted a coke and a snack, she sent me to the *liquor* store next door to the hotel. I should have asked for the store by name, and I still don't know if there is a sundry store IN the hotel.The bottom line is: if this is a splurge and you normally stay at 2 star hotels, you'll probably enjoy it. If you like to stay at luxury hotels or luxury botique hotels, then the best Holiday Inn has to offer just won't measure up. Instead of this hotel, if you don't mind staying on the other side of Canal Street, I recommend the Reinassance Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>glrsandldy
<Content>Ignore negative comments about staff I almost cancelled my reservation after reading many of the negative comments, especially about the front desk. When we checked in we were delighted by the gentleman who took care of us. He was very entertaining and informative, offering up what he felt were some of the must see items in the city. Our room was very well kept and the maid service was wonderful. Even though the in room material said they would not change the sheets until we had stayed three nights, the bed was changed daily. I would highly recommend this hotel and when I return I will likely stay there. The location is perfect to get the full flavor of New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! The staff was exceptionally polite  helpful! From the valet to the front desk staff, EVERYONE at this hotel ROCKED!!! You will not find better service in this city. Rochelle Williams  Eric Dejean were so helpful and friendly during check-in that it started our trip off with a pleasant aura! THANKS!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place on Bourbon Street The Astor Hotel is located at the corner of Canal and Bourbon Street. There are so many things with-in walking distance, the Bourbon Street strip, Antique and boutique shops on Royal Street, Harah's Casino and the Riverwalk with its associated shopping mall, just a few blocks away. The hotel was beautiful and the staff goes out of thier way to make your stay pleasureable.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pvillan
<Content>Excellent service at the Astor My husband and I just returned from a weekend trip to New Orleans. I booked our hotel from an online travel service, so it was sight unseen. I was very pleased with the location and room at the Crowne Plaza Astor. One day of our three day stay the room was not cleaned by 3:00PM, but other than that, the hotel was a real pleasure for both of us. The most comfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel, and the hotel provided earplugs, lavender spray and an audio CD to help guests relax and get a good night's sleep. Since the hotel is right at the corner of Bourbon and Canal Streets, some folks may need the help! The staff was very courteous and friendly. Several of them went out of their way to help us enjoy our weekend and give two newcomers some tips on where to go, what to see!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Astor Crowne Plaza is a wonderful hotel We enjoyed our stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza. It is located in the French Quarter, which is a great place to visit. The service was excellent especially, Susie who was very friendly and helpful during our stay. I recommend this hotel to anyone who would like to experience a true New Orleans adventure.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisag961
<Content>Excellent service!!!!! I have stayed at the Astor Crowne a total of three times. I love this hotel and will not think to stay anywhere else when i visit New Orleans. Besides the excellent location, the front desk supervisor Erick Dejan (not sure if i spelled it right) made us feel really welcomed. Service and a smile really goes a long way. See you next year!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best part of our vacation We travel to New Orleans every year for the Essence Festival. What we discovered is that many of the hotels say they offer discounts for the Essence Festival, but when we checked regular rates, it turns out that many of the hotels were actually charging higher rates for festival goers. The Astor Crowne Plaza actually charged a slightly lower rate than their regular rate, and had rooms available. Their staff was EXTREMELY polite and patient from the reservation agent to the valet parkers. The rooms were exquisite. Each bed had a featherbed on top that caused us to miss many events, being unable to get out of bed! Security was super tight. When they saw a lone man get on the elevator with me and my friends (all female), security stopped the elevator two floors later and got on and asked us if we were okay! All in all, the festival in 2004 was a bust, and we decided not to attend anymore in the future, but the Crowne Plaza was definitely the best part of the trip. The only complaints that I have is that the hotel does not have on-site parking and the bar closes too early. I can't wait to stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Conference Site Our conference for over 300 people from several southern states was handled with professionalism beginning with the original meeting with Susie to plan the conference. The details of check in, the meeting rooms, meals, and sleeping rooms were all as promised and we were not disappointed. The GM actually checked on us to be sure we had everything we needed. The location is terrific for those wanting to see the city at night.We plan to use the Astor again.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What happens at the Astor says at the Astor !       What happens at the Astor says at the Astor  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous As a business owner, I was looking for a hotel to hold my next event. This hotel is excellent. It is beautiful and peaceful which is a surprise considering it is on the corner of Canal Street and Bourbon Street. The sales department is excellent and my experience with my sales manager, Stefan Maronge, has been outstanding. Mr. Maronge made me feel as though my small event was the most important event in town. I look forward to holding my next event at this beautiful hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the ASTOR CROWNE PLAZA!!! Whenever I want to stay downtown in NOLA, I ALWAYS stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza!---the best client service (especially Susie!!) and the hotel is simply beautiful---and VERY clean!I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE as THE hotel with the best service and location in NOLA!John  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury amidst style and comfort I have extremely good memories of my stay. The hotel employee who welcomed me, Susie, was a very gracious hostess. She took the time to show me all the amenities and explain all the available services. The room itself provided a luxurious, self-indulgent getaway from chaotic family life for a weekend. The location of the hotel is perfect for walking in the quarter and enjoying the best of the food, music, and art of the locals.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to stay there again. The Astor Crowne Plaza was fantastic. It was clean and comfortable and felt like home. One of the employees, Susie, helped with all of our needs. She was friendly and polite - always smiling. She really cared that we had everything we needed. Great employee for a great establishment. Thanks for doing such a great job. We can't wait to go back for another great visit. Dianne Latour, Lafayette, LA  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smokers Beware! I am a smoker. I like to smoke in the privacy of my room, perferably with a view. Unfortunately, at the Crowne Plaza, smokers are banished to the fourth floor of the Crowne Plaza--the only floor with smoking rooms without views ( unless you count the view of the pool with lounging people whose heads are up against your room window as a view). I had such a room and of course I could not open the curtains, therefore, my room was pretty much in the dark unless I turned on the lights during the day. On my second day at the hotel, I requested a room change, I told the front desk I needed some sunlight, and they moved me to a room overlooking Bourbon Street, which was fine, except, just a view of the roof tops and neon signs. Oh well. Just a warning for those requesting smoking rooms at the Crowne Plaza  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beacho
<Content>Noisy on the South Side Average hotel. Great location (Corner of Canal and Bourbon Street). A room on the south side of the hotel (side opposite of Bourbon Street) is very noisy. There are large cooling towers on the building next door that create a low level roar all night. I don't recommend a room on this side of the building. The pool is very small and quickly fills with quest. The French Quarter food is excellent. Bourbon street was a bit more trashy than i expected. I much preferred the east side of the French Quarter.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location, Good Rooms, Outdoor Pool I travel regularly, in good business class hotels which can make you a bit fussy when you come to travelling for pleasure. I was in New Orleans for 6 nights during Jazz Fest and also some conventions. The hotel was great, busy and in a location that really doesnt get much better in terms of accessing all of New Orleans attractions. The beds are also really comfy. I was concerned it would be noisy as it is at the corner of Bourbon Street but it was fine. Having the outdoor pool was also great. I would highly recommend staying here either for business or pleasure. The tours that were recommended by the concierge were also spot on not sure what one of the earlier comments meant by them adding on a cut as I didnt see this. Would almost definitely stay here again when we come back to New Orleans which we definitely will be.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aoifeb
<Content>Loved it we stayed here last labor weekend and i kept meaning to write a review, we were originally booked into the sister hotel but when arrived found out we were staying in the crowne plaza...great, it was a better star! the rooms were nicely decorated and the convience of the location was the best for us, we could just fall in the door after a night around bourbon st, but it was quiet too, the pool was a nice place to relax after a hard days sightseeing, the staff were nice and friendly. I love new orleans and when i go back I will definataly stay at the crowne plaza.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not book tours with the hotel!! The hotel itself is in a nice location but the overall experience wasn't top rate service. I would not recommend doing any tour bookings with the hotel concierge - terrible service and they will try and sell you anything. Be careful and my advice is call the tour company direct as the hotel adds their cut to the cost.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place Great location and great staff. Close to the quarter but far enough away from the action so it's relatively quiet. Our room was in great shape, very clean and the bathroom facilities were top notch. A little pricey but well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! Highly Recommended My friend and I stayed here, and we were overwhelmed by the service. The staff was overly polite (Southern Hospitality, indeed), the rooms were beautiful and clean, and the restaurant attached is excellent. The location (on Canal, just on the edge of the French Quarter) was perfect. I will stay here again and again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice stay We are a mid-30's couple and were a little concerned about staying right on Bourbon St. in the thick of things, as we haven't been in a party mode for quite a while. 3-night stay (Thur - Sun) in mid-March.When we first arrived, we were given a 2nd floor room right above Bourbon. Thanks to some advice from the bellman concerning the noise, no way we were staying this close to Bourbon!!!! So, we trudged down to the front desk to request a room off of Bourbon. Like another reviewer experienced, we were told to try a new room that was off Bourbon, but when we got to the new room, it was still on Bourbon. The front desk outright lied. My guess is that they only give you rooms off of Bourbon if you REALLY complain a lot.Anyway, the room they gave us was on the 7th floor and this worked perfectly. No problem with noise if you are above the 5th floor or so. Saturday night a street band played loudly until about 11PM, but that was it. The rest of the stay was as quiet as could be within the room.Great room, excellent beds! Very friendly staff overall.....except for the front desk.It seems like the front desk staff are trained to be non-compliant with an attitude. Take home message: Get what you want and don't worry about offending them. Do what you have to do and treat them exactly the way they treat you; that is, with no respect whatsoever.When I go back to this hotel (and I will), I will take great pleasure in making the front desk staff miserable every chance I get. They deserve it.OK, so anyway, great stay overall. Would definitely go back. Excellent location and lots of sleep when we wanted it!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breakfast to die for Great resturant, wonderful rooms, and nice location. Stayed their three night with two other couples from California. I should mention the price it was unbelievable 89.00 per night. on -----. They have a nice lounge on the 4 th floor. The service was very good not quite excellent but close. We will try to stay here next year before our cruise.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, not great While this hotel was not horrible, it did not live up to my expectations. The room was up to par as far as amenities and cleanliness. Again, nothing exceptional, especially considering the price.The good:1. The bellmen were uniformly excellent. Friendly, polite, efficient, just fantastic.Some of the problems:1. I had reserved a king bed. When we arrived, I was told that I had to upgrade for an additional $60/night to get one.2. While checking in, I requested a room away from Bourbon Street, in order to have more quiet. They agreed, and then put me in a room over Bourbon Street anyway. Since it was on the 9th floor, the noise was not terrible, but they still simply ignored the request, even after confirming it verbally.3. The front desk staff was not uniformly professional, polite, or efficient. They pouted about the crowd that they had to deal with, and seemed more like the typical staff at a Best Western or Motel 6.4. On the morning of our departure, I arranged with the concierge to have a taxi pick my wife and I up for the trip to the airport at a certain time, and was assured there would be one there. When the time came, a different person was at the conceirge desk, and knew nothing of the cab. When it was 15 minutes past the arranged time, she called the OTHER concierge to have him straighten it out, rather than simply calling another cab, or informing us that it was simple to hail a cab outside the front door. She just told us to wait, and that the cab driver would show up. Then she proceeded to pick up her purse and disappear, leaving no one at the desk. We then just went out the front door and got a cab from the LINE of them waiting there. (I know, next time just do it myself. I just had figured that the service offered to me was offered for some reason. Like convenience?)All in all, I would not pay the money to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Astor Crowne Plaza #1 in New Orleans My wife and I go to New Orleans 3 or 4 times a year and we've found that The Astor is the best hotel in the city for location, ameneties and value. It is generally priced about $100 less per night than say, the Fairmont, La Pavillion, Monteleone or Omni. The hotel is surprisingly quiet given it's French Quarter location, but just in case, request a room away from Bourbon and Canal. The Bourbon St entrance puts you directly across the street from the fabled Storeyville Lounge, where you can hear Nawlin's Queen of the Blues, Marva Wright every Thursday. The Acme Oyster House is located near the Hotel's back entrance. The St Charles street car stops directly across Canal from the Astor and you can cimb aboard for magical stops along the mossy tree shaded streets of the Garden District, such as Commander's Palace, Audabon Park and Magazine St. We found the Concierge to be invaluable, the staff very accomadating and The Astor's extensive amenities will satisfy even discriminaging travelers.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tute
<Content>Not your typical city The Crowne Plaza is very convenient at the edge of the French Quarter and right on the Canal and St. Charles Streetcar Lines. We stayed on the 7th floor in mid January and we could hear the bass from the bands and whooping until 4am during the weeknights even up that high, so i can't imagine how loud it must be in the French Quarter. They give you a bag of earplugs and a blindfold on your beds. I was a little disappointed that the rooms were not as nice as the Crowne Plaza I stayed in San Francisco (which had free internet connection unlike this one) and they are smallish. I made the mistake of walking barefoot to get some ice and the hall carpets feel like they haven't been cleaned for years. This may not be their fault but a fact of New Orleans. The streets reek of sour beer even though the store owners hose the sidewalks down regularly. It looks like one of the previous guests had spilled a maragarita on a corner of the room carpet because it was still a little sticky and stained red. The rooms were a good value ( I paid $90/ night through easyclicktravel) but I probably would pick a hotel a little farther down Canal street toward the Convention center and away from the Bourbon street noise. Walking back to our hotel at night past the strip clubs and the drunks was a little scary.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rkochman
<Content>Only Place to Stay! Ignore the clown who gave this hotel a bad review because of parking. If you talk nice, they'll get your car for you. This place is the ONLY place to stay if you want to hang out in the French Quarter. Everything is in easy walking distance unless you're infirmed. Not noisy like the small hotels that are in the middle of the Quarter, this place is quiet, clean and has a great staff. We never used our car the whole time we were there and we went to the Riverwalk, Harrah's, NOLA Restaurant, Pat O'Brien's, Brennan's, etc. all by foot and easy walking. If you stay anywhere else and then see this place and where it's located, you will kick yourself in the butt!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>szpal
<Content>Best value and accomodations! We stayed at the Astor between the 27th of December and the 5th of January and had a great experience. Here's a critique of our stay:LOCATION: If it's possible to be at the edge of the quarter and in the heart of it at the same time, then that describes the Astor. One door goes out to Bourbon and the other to Canal St. It's great if you want to experience the quarter, but want to leave it and look at other sites as well. This is the perfect hotel if you're NOT driving. We never even needed our car. The Canal St. cable car and the Garden District car both stop right across the street from the hotel.ROOMS: The rooms were exceptionally clean and very comfortable. The sleep amenities are wonderful. They include super pillows, room blackening drapes, eye masks, and some sort of sleep CD but we never saw that while we were there. We were on the 9th floor, away from Bourbon, and even on New Year's Eve it was quiet. The hotel was full during that time for the Sugar Bowl, but it was still really quiet. Loved that! Room had great lamps too, if you like to read.HOUSEKEEPING: Rooms were clean (and I'm a germ freak so that says something). I also loved that the duvet covers were pristine white, so you KNEW that they'd been freshly washed before you got there. It made the whole room feel clean. Housekeeping staff were wonderful--everyone spoke to us and made us feel welcome. Wish I could say the same for the....FRONT DESK: Sadly, this wasn't the highest point of our stay. From check-in on, the front desk staff just wasn't very friendly or helpful. We dealt with them daily on various things and they acted like we were inconveniencing them every time. No smiles, no Good Morning, nothing. It's too bad because I've always felt like the front desk sets the tone for the whole stay. The management seemed great---maybe it's hard to find good help there. Note to the Astor: let your housekeeping department come in and train the front desk on how to make your guests feel #1. RATE: This is the best part. The value was unbelievable. We paid $119 a night for every night but the 30th and 31st (those were around $249). Even when they were full during the Sugar Bowl, our rate didn't go up. In my opinion, this is the BEST located hotel in the quarter, and the rate is better than any other hotel we checked. By the way, we stayed with our 8 and 10 year old, used room service, and found that to be a great value, too.DON'T MISS: There are so many things to see and do, but here are my favorites. THE PRALINE CONNECTION GOSPEL BRUNCH--wow is all I can say. These women can SING! My kids (who thought they were going to be bored) had a great time and got invited up on stage which was the highlight of their trip. DICKIE BRENNAN'S STEAK HOUSE: Best meal I've ever had and right around the corner from the Astor. HAUNTED HISTORY GHOST TOUR: Great way to sneak some history lessons on your kids. SWAMP TOUR: Didn't really want to do this one, but it ended up being a great day--even with no gators to be seen. Have a great time in N'Awlins!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheVacationer2008
<Content>ELEGANT HOTEL, but location not so nice or clean...... I used TripAdvisor reviews to select this hotel. We went at the end of September, 2004, for about one week. The entrance and lobby are very elegant and pretty. The staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge is great! I RECOMMEND YOU USE HIS SERVICES when you are there, and even before you go there; he can guarantee your reservations, and will refund your deposits if you have to cancel--you can't do that if you make reservations directly with a company. I had to cancel one event, and there was no problem getting my refund from him. The rooms are also nice and clean, really soft and comfortable beds. Do get a higher floor if you want it QUIET, though! Music is VERY LOUD off of Bourbon Street. This IS on the corner of Bourbon St. and Canal St. so it is in the middle of all the action. However, my only gripe is that because of its location, the streets are dirty, there is a strong smell of liquor, and the sewer, etc. as you walk onto Bourbon St.; it's not that clean or safe to walk around in at night by yourself; the surroundings of the hotel are not fancy or elegant like the inside of the hotel. However, once inside the hotel you DO feel safe inside.It has a nice, clean exercise room, albeit small. It also has a small pool and jacuzzi, but they are also nice and clean.In the bar, the milk bourbon is not very good, it is overly sweet. The restaurant inside the hotel has good food, but not cheap, and we did have REALLY BAD SERVICE, although the manager did take care of it.Overall a pleasant experience and a beautiful hotel, if only it was in a better, nicer, cleaner location.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Makeithappen57
<Content>Quiet Room at the Astor We stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza for four nights between Christmas and New Years. Check in was smooth and as they didn't have our requested King Room we were placed on the fourth floor where we would receive complimentary breakfast and snacks at dinner time. Breakfast was a choice of cold cereal, juice, coffee/tea, various rolls and yogurt. Evening snacks included two hot appetizer meats and you could purchase beer or wine.Our room on this floor had a view of a parking garage where honking cars lived. I say honking cars tongue in cheek because it seemed the rule there was to honk while driving up or down in the garage to alert other drivers you were coming. It wasn't a huge issue to us, but next visit we will request a view of the city. Otherwise the room was very quiet with a nice bed. We'd stay here again due to the great proximity to the French Quarter (right on the corner of Bourbon and Canal), close enough to Bourbon St. without all the noise. We did a couple things while in NOLA that I'd like to suggest you try. Chef Joe Faroldi has a cooking class called the Louisiana Heritage Cafe School of Cooking (------------------------ ) in the Beinville House Hotel. Chef Joe has lived his entire life in the French Quarter and peppers his class with stories of those days and wonderful cooking suggestions. If you go make sure you're hungry as his cooking class helpings are huge. The menu on our trip included Seafood Beignets, mixed green garden salad with creole honey mustard dressing, Cajun Jambalaya and a delicious Bread Pudding with Bananas Foster Sauce topping (his creation). Yum! We read about Chef Joe in the local advertising book in our room.Commanders Palace is not to be missed, make your reservations before you go as they fill up early. We had the lunch special-absolutely excellent. The bread pudding souffle is superb, and will ruin your taste buds for any other bread pudding. We also ate at Emeril's Delmonico resturant the last night of our stay. I wish we'd eaten there the first night as we agree we'd have enjoyed it more (too much rich food all week). The food was well prepared and the servers were knowledgable and efficient.Mr. B's Bistro is not a place we'll return to. Crowded, the drinks are so-so, and the food is the same. I had the barbequed shrimp which is a messy meal, heads on the shrimp and to me tasted like dirt. Their bread pudding was dry, not to be recommended. Hopes this review helps you in deciding what to do if you visit NOLA.Jill Miller Cincinnati, OH  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints at all !!! My husband  I along with another couple we know were in New Orleans Dec 9 -12  stayed at the Astor Crowne Plaza...It was fabulous  nobody had any complaints.... The location was real convenient to frequent Bourbon Street. About a half block from the hotel. The trolleys to explore certain parts of the city were right across the street. The rooms were very nice  spacious. The bedding felt like you were sleeping on cotton with the down comforter  other accessories. The staff was friendly  assisted with any requests or questions we had... We didn't try any of the food at the hotel but there are many great restaurants in walking distance... Ralph  Kakoo's (not sure if that's spelled right) was great as well as this restaurant called Mother's... A car wasn't really needed at this hotel given the location... Most places were within walking distance  the trolley is on the same street as the hotel if it wasn't within walking distance... We only used the car once to go to a mall in Kenner to do some Christmas shopping  it was pretty quick to get the shuttle to go to the garage...We would definitely stay here again....  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Problems with the Astor Crowne Plaza! My girlfriend and I just got back from a weekend in New Orleans and stayed at The Astor Crowne. We had reservations for one night (Friday), but decided to stay an extra night.As many of the reviews have said, the best thing about the Astor is the location. Located on the corner of Bourbon and Canal, the hotel is located near everything. I was pleased with the hotel. We were there about a week before Christmas and the lobby was decorated beautifully. Our room was just that, a room. Nothing really to write home about, but it was very clean and spacious. I found the bed to be very comfortable. We were on the 8th floor with a pretty decent view of Canal St. I believe the hotel is 14 stories. The Astor also has a work-out room and pool/jacuzzi on the 3rd floor. The work-out room seemed nice enough (although a bit small), and the pool/jacuzzi on the deck would be nice for warm weather. Downstairs in the lobby is a decent sized bar with a flat screen tv built into the wall. I had a beer and watched the football game for about an hour in this area. It was a nice area to relax and just chill in. The bar is a bit pricey. I believed I paid $4.25 for an Abita Beer on draft. But whatever, it's a hotel bar, so of course it's going to be a little on the expensive side. There is also a restaraunt attached to the hotel (right off the bar), that we did not at eat at. The restaraunt also serves breakfast in the morning. They had a Continental breakfast for $9.99 or you could get everything on the Continental plus eggs and a few other itmes for somewhere in the $13.00 range. For what you got, it seemed a bit pricey to me. There's a place called Mena's that serves breakfast, and is located only a few blocks (walking distance) from the hotel which I would recommend. Super cheap and the food was good.If you drive in (and valet park), make sure you get everything out of your car that you need, as the parking garage is 10 blocks away. The valet's exact words to me were Make sure you get everything out of your car cause your vehicle is going in a parking garage 10 blocks away. When we left, a shuttle bus took us and others to the parking garage. A bit of a hassle, but no to big of a deal. We paid $22 a day to park. Not cheap, but it beats driving around New Orleans looking for a place to park on the street.I didn't have much dealings with the staff, so I can't really comment on them.All-in-all this was a very nice hotel that I would stay at again without hesitation! We paid $99 a night, which to me, seems like a really good deal for the location.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel We visit New Orleans frequently and have stayed at a wide range of hotels in the downtown area. The Astor Crowne Plaza is clearly the worst experience we've ever had in New Orleans.First, there were continuing problems with the electronic door lock throughout our six day stay. Even though we had the key reprogrammed at least once a day, it was not until the fifth day when the front desk said they'd send a maintenance person right away. They showed up over an hour later (one guy working and three watching) and after spending an hour on the door, it was no better than before.Second, the parking situation is extremely inconvenient, requiring you to ride a shuttle to a scary place near the projects. The total time to the car was frequently 20-30 minutes.Finally, the food was nondescript at best and my New Orleans-born wife had the worst milk punch of her life. Overall, there are far better choices in downtown New Orleans  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient, pleasant and plentiful. Stayed four nights ending September 22. Great hotel. Very clean. Staff was very friendly and accomodating. Ordered room service for myself and the food they served was enough for two people. Quality of food was excellent.The hotel is located on the corner of Bourbon and Canal. Best location in the city. Close to the St. Charles line and Canal St. line. Walking distance to everything.You get a little noise from Bourbon Street but barely noticeable. Still quieter than an uptown Manhattan hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Oleans at it's best! we stayed here 4 days and couldn't have been more pleased!!!friendly helpful staff!! nice clean Hotel close to Everything in the french quarter!!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FredLambo
<Content>Exactly what I expected + more Date of Reservation: September 10, 2004A few things about me: 30-something, self-employed professional male.My Criteria: 3+ to 4 star hotel, clean and reasonably priced, close to downtown (French Quarter)After reading quite a few (hotel) reviews in Trip Advisor, I felt a little uneasy about booking anything in New Orleans (A recent jaunt to Orlando left me underwhelmed about tourist towns). My past experience with the Crowne Plaza (Windsor, Ontario and Montreal Quebec) helped in my decision.I am happy to say that the other reviews for the Crowne were accurate (except for the 鈥榡ust ok鈥?review 鈥?they must be used to 5-star hotels) and I received exactly what I expected: a clean, quiet room, with a nice view (my particular room gave the long view of Bourbon street) and reasonably priced ($148). All of the staff was very pleasant and they always had a friendly greeting for me. (Yes, ALL)I did not drive, so I cannot comment on parking, but I think valet is 30/night or there are self-parking lots close by (10/night). I did notice that the drop-off zone is quite small due to the hotels location, but my driver had no problem picking me up.Also, I cannot comment on room service (did not order), but there were plenty of very nice restaurants close by that I was quite content with. The casino is a short walk (5-10 minutes) if you are the gambling type, but I would recommend a cab (not to put a scare into any one, I walk everywhere, but I always stay with the crowds and away from dark alleys).Bottom line: I will return to New Orleans and more than likely, unless I鈥檓 feeling a bit adventurous (Hotel Monaco was my second choice based on Trip Advisor reviews), I will stay at the Crowne.(btw, I kept my email secret to avoid spam, but other wise I would be open to offer some more tips on New Orleans).  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended I highly recommend this hotel. It's right on the entrance of the French Quarter. Our room is surprisingly quiet, and very clean and comfortable.Lot of very good restaurants nearby. Acme Oyster House is favorite of mine if you love oysters, poboys, crawfish at very reasonable prices. Across the street is St Charles street car which can take you around town including garden district and CBD. Would definitely stay here again  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exactly what we wanted We stayed in December of 2003 and the hotel was exactly what I wanted. Easy check-in (and there was a crowd of people for a football thing going on, but they moved them along quickly). Our room had a great view right down Bourbon street. Nice and large room, nice water pressure. I remember the elevator being not so close, but other than that, the geography was perfect.It's also nice because it's right at the start of bourbon street so you can walk down that way if you want, or take the streetcar down to explore the rest of the city. The staff was friendly, our room was cleaned well once per day, and no one was knocking on our door to clean the room when we had a DND sign up. My girlfriend and I loved it. It was especially nice the night after a bit of over-drinking... the room is nice and comfortable for those feeling a bit naseous.Check out was easy... I had a cell phone so I didn't make any calls, but I bet the cost was a lot. The only negative thing was there wasn't a cheaper restaurant in the hotel to just grab a quick bite - but plenty of stuff that was local. Quick tip, avoid Arnaud's and the other expensive places on Bourbon street. The food is pricey and you can get much better the further out of the city you go.We paid a pretty cheap rate too - something like $80 per night which was unbelieveable... but i guess New Orleans in the winter isn't peak tourist time. Oh, one more think, check out the dueling piano players!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rowe332
<Content>Great Hotel Could not have been more pleased. This was our first time in New Orleans. The location was great, the staff was very friendly and attentive. The room was excellent. The air condition was superb and it was needed since we stayed there in August. Had an incorrect charge on the bill, however, there was no question and it was immediately removed. Also, got a great deal. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keiardi
<Content>Great Location and Hotel This hotel was fantastic! The rooms were very clean, beds oh so comfy, and it's in a great location if you want to be near the action of Bourbon Street. We had a 9th floor room. We couldn't see Bourbon Street, but we could hear it. (Not too bad though.) I'm sure it is noisy on the lower floors. Check in/check out was very fast and smooth. We arrived at 11:00 AM and got right into our room. The concierge was very helpful also.Eateries - The Gumbo Shop was very good and not terribley expensive. The French Market Cafe was OK. You pay for the atmosphere there because it is an open air cafe. We had a bad experience at the Court of Two Sisters; found a large piece of glass in the artichoke salad. The Cheesecake Bistro on St. Charles Ave. is very good and not as expensive as the French Quarter restaurants. Pat O'Brien's in the Jackson Brewery is also very nice. Great view of the river!Email me if you have any specific questions.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Will stay here again and again! The Astor Crowne Plaza is a wonderful hotel! Check-in and check-out was quick and easy, the room was HUGE, beds were oh so comfy and the employees were very nice and helpful. It's location is perfect...right on the corner of Bourbon and Canal. The street car runs right in front of the hotel on Canal, so you can ride to the Riverwalk, French Market, etc. as opposed to walking or taking a cab. We travel to New Orleans frequently and we will definitely stay here again and again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We were very pleased with the Astor Crowne Plaza. We stayed in the Alexa building, and the rooms were not quite as nice as the ones in the main building, but they were still nice. I have never encountered a nicer or more helpful staff. We will definately be returning to New Orleans and staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK The hotel was OK, nothing spectacular, although the location is prime. Stayed here w/ my husband during a conference at the end of April 2004. (Would have preferred to stay at the Marriott just a few steps next door, but they were already booked and their price was slightly higher). Our hotel room had some sort of leak which made the carpeting near our bed soaking wet the 2nd night we stayed there. We informed the front desk who sent someone up later that day, but we were told it couldn't be fixed during the remainder of our stay. We thought management would have at least offered to move us to another room, but they didn't. Also, I was trying to mail a package during our stay there. I asked about 3 different staff people for directions to the Post Office, and believe it or not, none of them were sure exactly where it was! They gave me 3 different locations/directions, and I never did find it. Finally, I asked another person at the front desk, who then told me that they could mail it out for me from the hotel. So I left the package, which contained highly important information and a check, with the front desk representative. 2 months later, the package still HAS NOT been delivered to the recipient! Quite appalling. I called the hotel and they could not locate the package. I was told that mail wasn't the most reliable in the New Orleans area (be aware). Needless to say, I had to put a stop-payment on the check, but the hotel didn't offer to compensate me on anything. I highly doubt we would ever stay in this hotel again, nor would we recommend it to any of our friends or family.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Comfort  There is a reason why the Astor displays a room replica in the window--the centerpiece being the HEAVENLY bed. Sterile white sheets and a fluffy comforter encased in a freshly cleaned white linen duvet grace the top of what can only be described as the most comfortable bed in the world! While muted music and mild revelry can be heard late at night, the sumptuous softness soothes the senses and provides the catalyst for a superb night's sleep. The Astor's staff is friendly and accomodating. There is a (very small) rooftop pool and spa for taking a break from the afternoon heat. The only thing about this hotel that prevents me from rating it Excellent is its parking setup. It appears from check-in that you are being provided a traditional valet parking service; however, upon check-out you will discover that you will need to load all of your luggage onto a shuttle bus and ride to a parking lot situated several blocks away in Fauberg Treme. To those who pack lightly, this may be of little inconvenience, but to others, like myself, who are traveling with children and must expect the unexpected, it can be quite a hassle loading and unloading. With this in mind, you can organize your luggage in an efficient manner to prevent hazards in the after-check-out transition.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful I was a little apprehensive about making a reservation at a hotel that I didn't get a recommendation. All my fears quickly went away when we walked through the front door. Excellent location, excellant staff.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great service, great value We had a large group visit the French Quarter for Easter and all stayed at the Astor. The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. Housekeeping was immaculate and friendly (although some of our rooms weren't made until dinnertime.) The hotel is in a great location - within walking distance of everything: bars, restaurants, shops and more bars. A side note: we found a great little bar/restaurant across from Margaritaville called Coops - great food at very reasonable prices and the atmosphere is fun, comfortable. Great experience all around!!!! I highly recommend the Astor - I would stay there again and again...  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! The Crowne Plaza was fabulous. Great location, good price and excellent service! We could not have been happier.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dwkestner
<Content>positive Great location, nice room, suprisingly found the housekeeping to be shoddy for this type of hotel. The parking is a joke as outlined below. This is compounded by lack of clarity as to to checkout procedure. We ended up paying cash at the garage (no formal receipt was given, informal after direct request). Staff was pleasant. Pool not as nice as Royal Sonesta which has outdoor bar service and better pool and sunning area.If it was close I would go with Royal Sonesta. I would return to this hotel if the rate was ok.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Astor Crowne over Easter My girlfriend and I stayed for 6 nights over Easter. This hotel has a great location as it relates to Bourbon St, the French Quarter, and easy access to the Riverwalk area. Also, you can catch the streetcar right out front. Only two areas of concern with the hotel. We could not get a carafe for the coffee maker even though we asked at the front desk and called there twice. I think these must get broken and they do not have extras. Also the ice machine apparently leaked and water came into the room under the door. This made the floor near the door wet. We did not make a big deal of these but I'm sure if we complained more they would have moved us. Overall a very nice location and a good hotel for the price.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jockdoc
<Content>A good deal, nice hotel This was actually a very good deal for us. We booked 3 nights over the weekend for $83 each night. Three of us stayed in the room. It was right around the corner from ACME oysterhouse and we had blast. Right in the French Quarter, we walked daily to the French Market to eat and browse. The rooms were clean and actually fairly quiet. The fitness center could handle an update, especially the treadmills. The day we checked out, they were in the process of changing all the comforters and beddings. Checkout was simple. All in all a good stay for us.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Crowne Plaza. Our room was on the 14th floor opposite Bourbon Street; and we couldn't hear any of the noise from Bourbon Street. The hotel is just at the edge of the craziness of Bourbon Street, but just an elevator ride away for those who want to be in the middle of the action. Walked everywhere. Convenient to St. Charles tram, Jackson Square, and French Quarter. Room rate was just $165/night; great price compared to others of comparable ratings. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location but not worth it The hotel location is perfect: corner of Canal  Bourbon. I checked around for the best rate vs. location and this seemed like a great deal. Of course, if I had known about the $22 per day parking fee, I might have re-calculated. The fee itself seems high, but when you realize that (1) your car is parked 6-7 blocks away, (2) you can't go get it yourself and (3) there's no 'valet' to get it for you, one begins to realize just how outrageous this fee is. You have to stand there and wait for a hotel bus, then wait for the bus to fill up, then take the crammed bus to the parking garage. Aside from the parking nightmare, the rooms themselves are not too bad. Ours was very clean, and the hotel seemed very clean as a whole. However, this is one of those hotels that doesn't believe in fitted sheets. They use shrunken flat sheets for bottom sheets, and those come off as soon as you lay down. You end up sleeping partially on a wadded sheet and partially on a bare mattress. Also, there are major water issues. Water pressure is extremely low, and sometimes it stops altogether. I'm not talking about usual hotel low pressure/lack of hot water. I'm talking no water at all. You just have to stand there soapy and freezing until the water returns, and that can take anwhere from 1 to 3 minutes. We were told this problem would be fixed, but it never was, and we couldn't move because the hotel was full. After many complaints and phone calls to the manager, he finally agreed to a partial refund, but not nearly enough to compensate for 20-30 freezing minutes every day just to take a shower. Also, the partial refund only came after a threat to challenge any charges with my credit card company. Overall, there are many other hotels with locations just as good. Go with one of those.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Trip ! I was very impressed with the Astor Hotel. It is in an amazing location, and the rooms are a great size and are nicely decorated. Good in-room entertainment, excellent selection of Pay-TV films and a nice bar and restaurant downstairs. We personally found the maid service to be excellent and the room was always clean and smelt very fresh. The hotel was really good value for money and I would definitely stay there again.No real major negatives, perhaps the lack of mini-tiny bit noisy at night as is close to Bourbon Street. It would also benefit from an indoor pool as in March the roof pool was too cold - even for the English ! But it has the friendliest Bellman in the US (Bull) and we really found it to be a great place from which to discover the real Na'wlins.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans I'm from New Orleans and we usually stay with family when we visit. Not anymore. We stayed at the hotel during our Mardi Gras stay and it was excellent. The staff was so polite and the housekeeping service and room service were the best I've ever seen. We had the best time and it wasn't all the hurricanes we had. It was the beauty, safety, and convenience of the Astor Crowne Plaza. I would highly reccomend anyone who visits New Orleans stay there.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariac223
<Content>Hotel was like a breath of fresh air Before I went to New Orleans I went on tripadvisor to check out reviews. I found it very helpful we booked a room at st. Marie Antoinette and after reading its review we quickly cancelled our reservation and booked a room at AStor Crowne Plaza. We couldnt have been more pleased with this hotel!!!When you walk in the doors open automatically making you feel like royalty,,lol..The staff were OVERLY nice!! (But thats a good thing) The hotel as you have read is located right on Canal and Bourbon. I didnt hear any noise from bourbon st. and the beds were amazingly comfortable. A group of woman stopped us one day as we were exiting the hotel and asked us how much we paid because the hotel was so nice. Truthfuly I've stayed in nicer hotels but for New Orleans this must be one of the cleanest hotels in the French Quarter. THe only thing that I strongly recommend against is the attached restaurant for breakfast,,,,(Horrible) Horrible food and Horrible service....Go to Cafe Beignet or Mason Dupey for Breakfast,, Pretty good there!!! But hey give it a shot I may have just went on a bad day. I highly reccomend this hotel...Dont listen to any bad reviews because its impossible for them to be accurate...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wendyreed68
<Content>Party Hotel! Nice hotel that's located right on the corner of Bourbon and Canal. The hot tub and pool on the roof are nice. Beds weren't very comfortable. Convenient location for partyers! Don' stay here if you need total silence for a good night's rest. The price varies from weekend to weekend. Sometimes it's outrageous, but the majority of the time the cost is satisfactory for the location. I had a wonderful milk shake concoction that consisted of bourbon while i lounged by the pool. It was YUMMY! This would be the place to stay if coming to New Orleans for strict partying!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Central Location but not much charm We stayed at the Astor for four nights over Thanksgiving weekend, which happened to be the weekend of a big football game. Overall, I would recommend the hotel: it is fairly new, clean, centrally located and the rooms are decently sized. We paid over $160 plus taxes per night for Friday and Saturday night, and less than half that for Thurs and Sunday nights. The major negative - and maybe it was the over-crowding in the hotel that weekend - was the maid service which left a lot to be desired: there was a used shower gel in the bathtub when we arrived and one of the pillowcases was dirty; our linens were changed only on the third day (after I had requested it after the first night) and then they put a queen size sheet on a king size bed, which left a portion of the mattress uncovered (either they ran out of sheets or the hotel staff was too lazy to get another one)! The concierge was not helpful at all in terms of restaurants or tour recommendations, but New Orleans is delightful and can be easily explored. The only other caveat is don t pay for an upgrade to the Club Level: when we checked in, the hotel told us that all their remaining rooms overlooked the street and would be noisy, but we could be upgraded to a Club Level room on the 4th floor for an extra $50 a night. Luckily, I had an upgrade certificate, as the Club Level offered is not worth the extra money: alcohol is not included and an extremely limited selection of finger food is served for a couple of hours every morning and early evening, and is OK if you're not vegetarian and like your deep-fried shrimp or sausage (we didn't). Also, the free internet access wasn't working the entire five days we were there, although they did let us use the computer in the Business Center free of charge on the last day. I have stayed in many Inter-Continental/ Crowne Plaza hotels in the US and Europe (hence the upgrade certificate) and this is the worst Club Level I have seen so far. The first room on the Club Level floor the hotel offered us was large, clean but looked at a brick wall and overlooked the hotel air-conditioning generators, which was definitely not quiet. When I complained, we were immediately switched to an identical room down the hall with a small window overlooking the side street, which was an improvement, however it was inevitably noisy at night. Overall, I would stay there again if location was the most important factor.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Astor Crowne Plaza, New Orleans My wife and I spent our 10th Wedding Anniversary in New Orleans. We arrived at the Astor Crowne Plaza on Wednesday afternoon for a three night stay. Valet parking was a breeze and the bellmen were very helpful. We checked into our room with ease. We had a king room on the club level. The room was very well appointed. It consisted of a king size bed, desk and chair, easy chair and foot rest, TV and plenty of closet and storage space. The bath room was done in marble and had all the amenities. The club level priviliges included finger foods in the morning and evening. Alcoholic beverages were extra. The hotel is located on the corner of Canal and Bourbon and close to everything. Excellent restaurant and bar in the hotel. Our car was easily retrieved by the valet anytime we wanted it. The only negatives we encountered were: the a/c was difficult to regulate, the in room internet was not working properly(front desk deleted the charges without question), bad view from the room(parking garage), charge for all phone calls from the room phone and the health club was difficult to find. Even the front dest clerk didn't know where it was. We would recommend the Astor Crowne Plaza to anyone looking for very nice place to stay in the middle of everything New Orleans has to offer.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - Great location - Perfect choice of accommodation in New Orleans. Stayed here in September 03 and was very impressed. The location could not be better, at the corner of Bourbon Street but shielded from all the noise outside. Lovely rooms, with plenty of space. Very friendly staff. The pool on the roof looked nice, but didnt get a chance to use it. Also located across the street from the trams that travel outside the French Quarter. Plenty of shopping available on Canal street and only a 10 - 15 minute walk to the Riverwalk and the casino. Would also recommend that you dine at least once in Brennans restaurant in the hotel, the food is delicious but not expensive. Myself and my husband dined there for our wedding anniversary and the staff really made a fuss of us. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Wish I could stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best location The best thing going for this hotel is the location. Right on bourbon street, in walking distance to the Harrah Casino, the river, lots of bars and clubs. Stayed there for 3 nights over the halloween weekend. Staff seemed nice and friendly. It was very clean and comfortable. The restaurant in the hotel was good but a bit too expensive I thought and the walls were very thin. Was woken up a few times by drunken people talking loudly next door.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location!! This hotel was not only beautiful but located right on Bourbon and Canal, close to all the excitement!! We paid only $99/night for a huge room with views of Bourbon St. The room was very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. I would definitley stay here again! The rooftop pool and jacuzzi were awesome! Staff was very friendly and courteous. There is a bar and restaurant located in the hotel but we decided to grab dinner on Bourbon St. There are so many wonderful restaurants located only a short walk away! Overnight parking is $25.00, so I recommend to not even bother with a car as you won't need it in the French Quarter anyhow!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Astor   showReview(1274133, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quick, HOT, Fun!   showReview(1270802, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but that's it....   showReview(1218725, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend!!   showReview(1139975, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Telephone rip off   showReview(1108545, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location!   showReview(1091577, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven in the heart of New Orleans!   showReview(981896, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly/Excellent Service   showReview(930048, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>totalimage446b
<Content>big easy fun!!!   showReview(917294, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Overall good experience   showReview(682082, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder!   showReview(18530882, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掓湀銆屻優銉儑銈ｃ偘銉┿€嶃伄鏅傛湡銆€绔嬪湴銇棆   showReview(19172249, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇亷銈勩亱銇牬鎵€銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19165479, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伅銈儕銉偣銉堛儶...   showReview(19924301, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

