<Author>thepandas
<Content>ok Difficult to find... far away from san juan...atleast 30-40 min A lot of construction on site....we upgraded to the vip plan....staff friendly and great....great concierge service...got picked up/dropped off in golf carts.....no complaints... the room was gorgeous facing the beach...the beach was not very inviting... VERY NICE POOL....with palapas Great furniture in the lobby...bar makes excellent drinks. The food at the hotel also needs help...breakfast was very blandthe only complaint i have is the BED BUG BITES, i noticed after i got home....i would suggest that they exterminate the rooms, and install dehumidifiers as the rooms are very humid which may be causing the bed bugs to thrive....The ac seems to turn off as you exit the rooms... which may be adding to the problem....The hotel staff is excellent.... and the grounds are gorgeous.......  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bokson
<Content>Enjoyed the stay!       view of El Yunque  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Love2TravelfromVB
<Content>Absolute Paradise!! I don't understand the bad reviews!!!!       The fountain in front of the lobby at night  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flatfender
<Content>Great Resort and Worth the Cost       View of the ocean from our room  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravlerKat
<Content>Perfect Place! I've now learned to take lots of reviews with a grain of salt....I was a bit nervous about the mixed reviews, but I've seen it with my own eyes and LOVED IT!This place was BEAUTIFUL and the staff EXCEPTIONAL! The hotel itself was kept in perfect order. The Pool was nicely kept, the rooms were immaculate and the staff very friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to my family and friends. If you are beach lovers, the beach is a bit rocky and not all that great for swimming. But if you are pool loungers - its perfect!My fiance became ill while we where there and we called the hotel doctor. He was there in 15 minutes! And since we didn't rent a car and it was at night, the head of security himself went to Walgreen's to drop off and pick up my fiance's prescriptions for us! The staff was wonderful!We did end up renting a car the next to last day we were there to drive into Old San Juan for the day. Everything is at the hotel. Car Rentals, excursions, an incidentals and souvenier shop, a small casino and outdoor and indoor event space (saw a wedding, birthdays and a Quincinera). The food was very good, but there really wasn't a large variety - only 2 restaurants (one Italian) and the other either Asian Fusion or Habatchi (one restaurant with two sides). No buffet in the evening - only for breakfast. There was also just the pool bar or restaurant for lunch. We are late eaters, so if you tend to eat late - make sure you get there no later than 9 pm. However, the staff was very gracious when we arrived 15 minutes before they closed for the evening. The bar and lounge is beautiful and large - they have live dancing/music and then a DJ.The only downsides we experienced was the room smelled a bit musty, but it wasn't anything we couldn't deal with. And we were a bit concerned that the person who checked us in didn't explain the extent of their meal plans when we purchased. I.e., there were restrictions to certain plans that we didn't know exsisted until we met and started chatting with another couple there. Again, not a huge deal for us, but if you are drinkers - make sure they clarify at what times the meal plan includes alcoholic beverages.Otherwise get to the Gran Melia - they have a lot going on and lots more going on for them in the future too (Trump bought the golf course and its one of his now. Plus he is building gorgeous villas nearby).  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gruvtrtl2
<Content>Nice Stay at the Gran Melia. We stayed here two days before a cruise in Nov. We paid a little extra for the Royal Service and were happy we did. The breakfast and the happy hour reception at night (drinks and snacks) were worth it. There was also a private pool. Our room was in a great location and was beautiful and spotless. Our room safe did not work at first but was fixed immediately when we brought it to their attention. The resort grounds are beautiful but it is a little spread out. We didn't mind walking and enjoyed being serenaded by the coquis at night. The pools are beautiful. There really is no beach to speak of. The property was a little hard to find as they are doing construction in the area. The staff were friendly and the service was very good. We rented a car and drove to the El Yunque rain forest which is very close by. Parking was $15 per day or $20 for valet at the hotel. We only ate at one restaurant - the Italian one. The food was delicious but the portions were TINY. It was a little overpriced for the amount of food you received. That is our only complaint about the property. Otherwise it was a perfect stay in paradise.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wckdcj
<Content>Beautiful Resort with Issues We choose and paid an extra $1300 for breakfast and dinner. Two daily non-alcoholic drinks were part of that meal plan. Breakfast according to the internet write-up was buffet style. Dinner was also buffet but had two other a la carte restaurants available. Because the resort had virtually a handful of guests, there was no buffets. This meant guests had to eat at the other a la carte restaurants... and they only had one of these open evey other night. In addition, tipping was thus required (where it would not have been with buffets). There was no entertainment. This resort was out of the taxi zone... which was not specified upfront in the online hotel description. Service was not good in general. The beach was not walkable nor the ocean swimable (strong under currents), The main building however is very beautiful.If you go there plan on your trip costing a lot more. And just beware that if you want buffets... you might want to go elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>HappyInTheStates
<Content>Not-So-Gran Melia (Thumbs down for Trump) If you want to get away, stay in one location, and spend a ton of money, then this is your place! I don't want to write a novel, so I'll make this fairly short and sweet.Room smelled like mildew. Was charged $50 for 3 days of parking. The food is absolutely garbage! And definitely not cheap by any means. (We ended up eating McDonald's a couple times - great honeymoon dinner!). Don't plan on bringing leftovers back to your room either.......no fridge in the room.Unless you feel like possibly getting murdered, seeing some farel dogs, or checking out some snails and doves in the lame rainforest, then your pretty much stuck at the resort. Which I wouldn't say is the best thing either. There's not much to do, other than getting [--] face drunk for a pretty penny. If your thing is to just lay around the pool, then you'll be fine. The pool is actually quite nice. That's about the only thing that is.Don't waste your time or money!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	4	3	1	

<Author>needhumidity
<Content>Fabulous! Gran Melia was fabulous. We upgraded to the royal service which is a must for the cost. The breakfast buffet was 7.50 per person and free Cocktails from 6-9 was really nice. Private pool with tiki beds was very relaxing, This is an adult pool only for Royal Service. The Asian restaurant and Cafe Soliel were good at the hotel, tempo was fair. Rent a car prior to going. Alot of great places to eat around. Kiosks 5 miles east of hotel. Restaurants-Obuco, Congas and La Parilla are wonderful. The rain forest is very close and so is San Juan. The staff was great and friendly. We did not want to leave. If you want a rowdy, eat and drink non stop all week, this is not for you.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>717pilot
<Content>Potentially A Great Resort, but not yet At first glance, this looks to be a first class resort. Airport pickup was fast and efficient. Had to wait to checkin even though there were two girls behind desk, only one appeard to be working that day. The rooms are very nice. We immediately noticed ours smelled of mildew. I noticed a large clump of twisted hair on the floor. Evidence of poor house keeping. Also, with every flush of the toilet a cacaphony of sound came from the water line. Air conditioning was also a challenge. There is alot of room for improvement there. However the rooms are very nice just need more attention to detail here. The resort is beautiful and has everything you need except a jacuzzi whilpool. I have a hard time paying 5 star hotel prices and getting 3 star value. If they can bump their game up a couple of stars I will definately stay there again. If they don't, then Hasta La Vista baby.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chicoferhen
<Content>Amazing Time - Shocked at the Horrible Reviews       Beds to lounge in by the bar  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kgshaw1954
<Content>Dishonest, Terrible Service This hotel is very beautiful, but the service was the worst I have ever experienced. It took 1 1/2 hours to check in! Even after this length of time, one of the couples went to their room only to find it preoccupied. Had to go back to the office for another hour to get it straightened out. Next morning check-out took 1 hour. The desk said that we had only paid for two rooms and owed for a third room. We had booked online, but they said they had no record of an online booking. With duplicate paperwork (which they took at check-in) we were able to prove we had paid for 3 rooms. They said they would not charge us for the 3rd room, but When I arrived home from our vacation, they had charged my credit card I had used for incidentals over $700 in unlawful charges. These charges on my credit card were placed without authorization or my signature. I contacted them, and it literally took 3 full days to get it straightened out. Wells Fargo said that these charges were all done illegally because they did not contain a reference number. The hotels explanation was: Someone by a name similar to yours came and checked in a week later, and we accidently charged the wrong credit card. The funny thing is...they didn't have my credit card at all when supposedly this other couple checked in. I had to cancel my credit card because I was afraid they would keep charging it. What a scary Situation. We will NEVER stay there again! We feel they are disgusting and dishonest in everyway.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	2	1	3	5	

<Author>Jgomez65
<Content>Perfect setting for couples       Pond and fountains  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>clorany
<Content>NEVER AGAIN!!! I spent 5 days and 4 nights at this resort. Here's what I found:PROS:Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful grounds. Despite everything being so spread out, there are golf carts always making rounds to take you to your destination (eg: pool, front desk, etc)Beautiful roomEnormous poolGenerally friendly staffAbout $20 / day parking for your rental carNo nightlife except for the casino which closes at 12:30 am.CONS:Nearby construction detracts from the beautyRestaurants are WAAAAAY OVERPRICED!!! Eat out if you can. The local joints are great and won't break the bank. Don Pepe's was one of my faves.You can't bring outside food or drink into your room (HUH!???!?!)The mini-fridge is loaded with their overpriced items. What's the point ?!!?!?! The nearest gas station is a better bet for late night snacks and beer runs.DID I MENTION THE BEDBUGS??? The morning before I was checking out I was nearly eaten alive. When I complained at check out , I was told I'd have to wait at least 1/2 hour to see the secretary of health and security to file a report. My flight was leaving in two hours, so I had to check out without putting anything down in writing. I called the very next day from home, and was told that since I didn't do it at checkout, I really had no other recourse. A few days later I called again, and was promised that I would be contacted by the necessary parties.I'm still waiting.....I have the photos.....  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>delgman
<Content>If you want to be treated like royalty... We had a glorious and outstanding time staying at Gran Melia PR on our honeymoon. Their General Manager and staff made our celebration one that will live forever in our memories. They are all true professionals at this resort. Gran Melia Resort is like a fantasyland. The level of customer service that we were provided was 5 star all the way. We found that every person we encountered from the Royal Service Staff down to the lawn maintenance staff all were polite and pleasant and regularly asked if we were enjoying our stay and if there was anything they could do for us.Our butlers, housekeeping, and wait staff were all friendly people who were attentive to our every need. The landscaping and the physical structure of the resort made every day special and exotic for us. The weather was perfect also. This is a wonderful resort and we wanted you to know that our stay was very special. Some blogs and reviews on the internet have totally bogus information posted. This resort had a caring professional management staff. Do not believe these blogs, as they are meant to alarm potential users. We found that information was all false and not accurate at all. This Resort is 5 Star should be recommended to anyone who wants a great stay in PR.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moochanator
<Content>Held Hostage at the Gran Melia My wife and I stayed at the Gran Melia as part of a conference. We've stayed in many nice resorts and hotels but we've never stayed in a resort that went so far out of it's way to take advantage of the guests. The illusion of luxury is little more than an overwrought resort experience lacquered over modern-day resort piracy.You begin your sentence with a $35/person shuttle to the resort. You can rent a car in San Juan but they charge you about $15-20 a day to park it. Each group's calculus may differ but we should have rented a car in San Juan. The Avis agency in the actual resort charged me a little over $70 to rent their subcompact for the day. In the end, the resort does everything they can to keep there, preferably running up your bar tab.The food was outrageously overpriced and not very good. Your dinner options include an Asian Fusion, Italian, and a sort of Caribbean themed Cafe. (During our stay one was closed each night) The portions were very small and the dishes, while very artistically plated, were substandard. I asked to see a wine list but was dismayed when A) half the wines were not actually available and B) the rest cost almost as much as my airfare. There's also atmosphere problems- you're not close enough to the ocean, the napkins are disposable, and since there's no casual (or cheaper) place for dinner, half the guests look like bums. Olive Garden or Red Lobster would have been a substantial improvement. The waitstaff was polite, but not very charismatic, helpful, knowledgeable, or experienced.While Gran Melia's grounds get high marks for being immaculate, it has atmosphere problems, too. No actual sand was harmed in the making of the beach. It's rocky, silty, and not great for swimming. A walk at dusk on the beach led us to discover hundreds of tiny hermit crabs which was enough to make my inner naturalist jump for joy.  The pool is enormous, which is great, but there's no shade. After seeing the pool at the Rio Mar resort I realized how disappointing the Melia's sun-baked pool was. A hot tub/spa is available for those guests that wish to spend $28 for a one-day spa membership. Gran Melia's lodging sprawls across 16 different multi-room bungalows and a handful of more expensive villas. The rooms themselves are exquisite with marble tile and nice fixtures. The compounds are connected by paths that are adorned by tropical plants, immaculate bermudagrass, and endemic iguanas. (My wife and I found the large iguanas endearing but other guests were a little put off) I liked walking the paths but I grew weary of the golf carts that the staff used, buzzing through and roaring like B-29s while I dove for the bushes. The rooms were nice but there weren't bathrobes or sandals or any of the other sundries you might expect from true luxury establishments. Our unit's air conditioner only worked 50% of the time but I'm not a real A/C-o-phile so it didn't bother me that much. I imagine that it was a problem with our room and not with every room.The Casino was a little anemic-.a Casino without craps is like a prom date without a corsage- in bluejeans.Puerto Rico has SO MANY awesome things to do close together that I don't know why I would stay in a resort that penalized you for wanting to get out and see them on your own.Pros: Beautiful Grounds, RoomsCons: Food, Location, Beach, just about everything else.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	3	4	3	2	

<Author>giyo19
<Content>Loved Gran Melia       Jr. Suite Garden View  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Santiaguero43
<Content>Honeymoon at the Gran Melia My wife and I stayed at one of the Royal Service oceanfront suites #2007 from 11/14/08 to 11/17/08. It was by far one of the greatest experiences we ever had, the service is impecable, the personnel could not do more to accomodate us and overall I met some of the most amazingly friendly people you will ever see. We highly recommend this place to take your family or to have a quiet time as a couple. Everyone of their personnel is very proud of working there and they go above and beyond for you. We cannot wait to go there next year for our anniversary. Alex  Pat  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AustinMcKs
<Content>Enlightened all of our senses: Beautiful resort with Grade A Service! We stayed at Gran Melia for a week Oct 29th-Nov 6th. The location was ideal: 5 minutes to El Yunque, 20 minutes to Fajardo (Ferries, Kayaking) and 25 minutes to Old San Juan where we spent the weekend. After a busy weekend in Old San Juan, returning to Gran Melia was like a coming home to a private oasis in Paradise... The interior and exterior of the grounds are aromatic and illuminary. Exotic, melodic, up-tempo music fills each of the indoor and outdoor spaces. Our room was beautiful and the bed the most comfortable one we've ever experienced in our lives (coming home to what we thought was a nice bed, was a bit of a disappointment)!Spend the money for the Royal Service Treatment, it pays for itself in spades with a free nightly happy hour from 6-9pm, a private Royal Service Pool, discounted services, and truly amazing, personalized service from the staff. We would specifically like to thank our butlers Manuel and Angel, who were amazing! Manuel took the time to call us on his days off to ensure our side trips were going smoothly and truly, gave us extremely personalized attention. As well, Pedro in the RS Lounge was fantastic, Leslie at the Pool was delightful, and Josh the Manager was always on call.The breakfast buffet is fresh and fantastic, Tempo for dinner was above average. Definitely venture out of the resort for more local flavors. With a rental car (highly recommended) access to all points of interest were quick and easy.As well, thank you to all of the proud, gracious, and kind people of Puerto Rico who took the time to ensure we always saw the most beautiful businesses and lands of the island. We will definitely return to enjoy your paradise again...Best~Rachelle  Eddie McKinney  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lelie40ct
<Content>Paradise at Gran Melia My husband and I stayed at the Gran Melia for five days. It was the most romantic and special five days we've had since our honeymoon! We wanted a beautiful quiet resort that was easy to get to and was reasonably priced. We took a direct flight and we did not have to deal with customs or passports. We booked the Royal Service package and as soon as we landed at the airport the wonderful royal service treatment began. Our ride to the hotel was easy and our check in was a snap. We were given a ride down a lovely path in a golf cart to our room. Our room was absolutely beautiful. It overlooked the Royal Service pool and the ocean. It was very clean, the bed was very soft and cozy and the best part to me was the sparkling tile floor. I'm not a big fan of rugs in hotel bedrooms. We had breakfast every morning in the cafe and ate dinner at the asian restaurant. All of our meals were delicious. The gym was perfectly sized for a resort. We never had to wait for a machine. I would go for a run out on the grounds-it's about 3.5 to the front gate and back-when I returned a fresh towel and water bottle was waiting for me. Relaxing by the pool on a Bali Bed was one of the highlights of our trip. With our hectic lives back home, I couldn't think of another way to spend our days. The views from the beds were spectacular and the service was fantastic. We would have our lunch there, we were offered a cold towel and Leslie truly knows how to make a delicious pina colada! Overall, I would recommend the Gran Melia to anyone who wants to take romantic getaway in absolute paradise.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bruingal79
<Content>Had a Fantastic Time       View from Garden Suite room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>sitesabound
<Content>I give it an A-plus I booked my stay thru back to the caribbean. They did an amazing job. the resort was one of the best I have stayed in during my 26 years of much traveling. I have not one complaint. Staff was fantastic,pool the best i have ever been in .(and I was in it at 8am and 11pm) . Nearby beaches are better for swimming.However the pool backs right up to the beach so its palm trees and ocean views as you swim or use one of the many whirlpools .Many of us travelers talked one evening about reviews we had read, and we couldnt imagine what they saw we didnt . I give this a 10 out of 10.I guess if you are like a friend of mine who has a fit if he gets any sand in his exspensive loafers, than no place will ever be good enough.. But if you want a grand, elegant,classy resort this is it.And if you want a place where you can relax, wear a swim suit all day, have a great lunch and drinks at the pool , take out a paddle boat , and watch the beautiful sun set in a hammock on the beach ,this is also it. I agree the resturants are a bit pricey, but my meals were great. I could go on and on,I recommend the spa highly.Use the car rental and excursion packages on site. they saved us money and hassels. For goodness sake go and have a great time, you won't regret it.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>njoy
<Content>Stayed with a toddler and loved it! My husband and I stayed here with our 2 year old for one week in the spring. We were worried after reading earlier posts on tripadvisor about the service at the hotel, but were pleasantly surprised. Everyone was nice and helpful, from the concierge to the wait staff. They helped us arrange babysitting for our daughter so that we could have dinner alone, and arranged tours etc. The beach has a lot of sea grass, so its not the most enjoyable experience. We drove to a beautiful one 15 minutes away. We will definately visit again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>PRPollack
<Content>a 5 star hotel I was very nervous after booking our vacation to see the reviews that were posted. Our plane landed just before Hurricane Omar was to arrive. We rented our car and took off towards the hotel.The traffic was slow because of the rain and the traffic lights. Route 3 has a lot of traffic lights. It took us 1 1/2 hours to get to the hotel, but on the return trip only 45 minutes. The hotel was on shortened staff because of the hurricane, but still we got into our room, which was very nice, very quickly. We were told that most of the restaurants were closing early and that the casino would not be open that night. That was understandable. The next day, the staff was at full force and little by little all the services returned. The pool was clean even after the hurricane. The beach was not, unfortunately. But after a few days, the water cleared up. But a lot of coral, so if you need to go in the ocean, bring water shoes. I heard that Trump is going to clean it up, but who knows when. The beds around the pool are great. We paid $50. for 2 days. It was well worth it. Comfortable, cool and shady. They do have a lot of lounge chairs and umbrellas around the pool, but eventually the sun gets to you. The restaurants are OK. We ate Asian one night, not that expensive,Italian another night, not that expensive, (NY prices) The cafe which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner cost more. They have buffets for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was $15. for continental, which included anything cold, and the regular buffet was $22.00. Not worth it unless you had a very big appetite. Check it out and judge for yourself. We never ate dinner there. It didn't look like it was worth it. We ate one night at Riches, which was a restaurant that would come and pick you up and bring you back. They had a mixture Puerto Rican or American food, so you could enjoy anything you wanted. The view was magnifcent.Bring your camera. If you have a car and want to experience some real PR cuisine, go left on Rt. 3 towards Luquillo. You will see a sign that says Kiosks. Exit on the right and make a left turn under the highway and then another left turn and go into where the Kiosks are. There are numerous food establishments that sell local food. The first place was really good. Well, that is all I can say. The hotel was great, even the casino. We won, but then put it back, but the odds were better here than in the other casinos we played at. The $1.00 machines paid the best. Enjioy yourself, we did.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>krystlev22
<Content>Excellent Resort-Perfect wedding! What a perfect wedding we had at the Gran Melia! All our guests were extremely happy! From start to finish everything was perfect! The hotel transportation was cheap and well coordinated, the food was excellent and the service was better than ever expected! We had royal service and so did many of our guests. We had 55 guests and ALL are still talking about how great the Gran Melia is! The service for Royal Service was amazing. There were out of bananas and the butler went out of his way on his time off and brought some in the next morning for my nephew! They also set up an adorable birthday party for my nephew. They staff treated us all like gold! I just don't understand when I see bad reviews. We have stayed at exclusive resorts before and Gran Melia is still one of our favorites! Its great for families, couples and kids! Our wedding day was as smooth as can be and we will never forget all of the great memories we have! Please feel free to email me with any questions! We hope to go back again for our one year anniversary!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>allanallanMichigan
<Content>Terrible Service!! It was so bad I had to write this review...save yourself. I read the reviews on Trip Advisor before we went and we should have known better. Don't book this hotel -- you have been warned. First of all, they are understaffed. I'm not looking to be waited on hand-and-foot, but you have to wait in line for everything. Did I tell you there wasn't a beach? The water is very cloudy and almost dirty there. One mile away they have a great public beach....they won't tell you that there though.To stop me from ranting I will just include bullet points:- There are no waiters, you have to wait in line to get anything. Wait in line to get a hamburger from the pool bar. You have to wait in line to get a drink at any bar and by the way, they are doing you a favor to get you a drink. Tip them and they don't move any faster (I tipped one waiter $50 -- keep your tip).- The place is very spread out and therefore, once in a while you want to take a shuttle service (e.g., forgot the sunscreen) back to your room. Forget it. The shuttle service is random and almost non-existent. It may be a 8 minute walk to just get to the pool -- don't forget anything!!- We had to wait in line even at the buffet restuarant! The food was OK and sometimes very good. That was one plus. Don't get the steaks - -they are very tough. - The check-in took two hours. We wanted a couple of rooms next to eachother, but we got rooms with our party located in opposite sides of the resort. I called multiple times to confirm we would be next to our friends during check-in. Didn't happen and the staff didn't care.- Don't take the hotel shuttle to the airport. They charge you way too much for this trip. They don't tell you the price and in fact, they act like the shuttle service is free to use. Use a taxi van and you will save yourself at least $100 for a party of four.- The water toys at the hotel are almost useless because the hotel is located on a shelf that has a break reef about 100 yards from the shore. Nobody can pass this breaker wall and therefore, you are stuck in mucky water that is shallow and full of leaves and seaweed -- let alone the rocks that hurt our kids feet and mine.- The beds were soft..huge plus for an island hotel. This was a postive surprise. However, back to the staffing -- the cleaning help barely cleaned your room. They would change the sheets and that was about it. They wouldn't even sweep, or move your shoes, to sweep under them.Overall, the staff takes on the management's attitude. I never complained to the management once, but I heard multiple parties that did call them and complained about the above items. You can join them and go to this hotel, or learn the hard way. This is the first time I used Trip Advisor and I will be sure to update folks of places like this. Good luck.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	3	2	1	3	

<Author>NYLady4
<Content>Gran Melia... Not so grand This resort has the potential to be worthy of accolades. That is, if they: upgrade the management (I would say 2 star management), change the chef and food options completely (we are taking cafeteria food, baby - no less than 6 people at the conference got food poisoning), upgrade the room decor, bedding, amenities (no slippers, no robe, no good bathroom stuff), buy dehumidifiers for all the rooms and fix the mold issues. Why potential? The set-up and landscape and location of the hotel does look like a 5 star resort -- if you squint. If Gran Melia decided to invest 5 million on renovations, I would love to return and see what they did. But I would never return absent that investment.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>rkl1130
<Content>Beautiful Gounds and Service but Far My husband and I decided to stay at the Gran Melia despite mixed reviews because it looked nice and we were not disappointed. The grounds are impeccable, staff friendly, everything clean and rooms spacious and everything gorgeous. The hotel has a beautiful 24 hour pool with a swim up bar and grill. They also have a beach with chairs set out that is great and you can rent kayaks and paddle boats on.I did, however, have a few negative things. The property has few dining selections--some of which were not open everyday. This hotel is far from everything so without a car, you are stuck and the prices are fairly high. There is also no authentic Puerto Rican restaurant on site, which is highly disappointing because when traveling we like to eat local. Again, the property is far and there isn't much to do and they don't provide free shuttles. In addition, I felt like they charged for every single thing which was annoying.Despite that, we still enjoyed our stay but would recommend that you rent a car because it will be pricey to go out.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tlc_cozmo
<Content>Beautiful resort, Outrageous prices       the entrace  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Camil20
<Content>a perfect vacation       lots of water/fountains intermingled with the main lobby building  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>velvetstar2
<Content>Beautiful facility, services lacking This was a good deal for the hotel  flight bargain that I booked through cheapcarribean.comI went on a view of the vacation club with my husband. The elevator got stuck on us. Apparently, it wasn't the first time happening. Thankfully, the guide had a cell phone on him to call for help.My only issues with this place were the fact that I had to keep asking for clean towels and wash cloths. I use a clean one everyday at home but for some reason, housekeeping did not realize that placing the spent items on the floor meant that they needed replacing.Also on my last night there, housekeeping did not clean the room at all nor replace any of the toiletries. Twice during my week stay, the room was not cleaned. The food was not that amazing either. Room service food was horrible. There is a sign saying that you are not allowed to bring in outside food so if you purchased some local delicacies, you have to hide them in your bag to avoid being stopped by security. When I checked out, I signed the room bill with all of the charges. For some reason, after I got home, an additional charge was added to my credit card.The facilities are beautiful. I like the feel of being away from the action but close enough. I liked having a room in a far away bungalow. The restaurants were ok but way over priced and left us feeling hungry. Ask the concierge to call Richies to pick you up for dinner. They're excellent.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	-1	4	2	2	

<Author>YogiTravels
<Content>Starving and trapped at the Gran Melia I have no complaints for the property or the hospitality. My main issues were the lack of Puerto Rican food in a hotel in Puerto Rico!!! There are only three restaurants on the resort and they were all pretty pricey. I don't know about anybody else but when I go to any place new I like to sample the local cuisine. No such luck at the Gran Melia, your only options were Japanese, Italian and a buffet style restaurant that was closed the first two days I was there. There was a pool bar but it closed at 6:00 and I arrived the first night at 6:30. Of course I had the option of room service but that was ridiculously overpriced. There was a food cart that another patron recommend to me for breakfast. The cart had bagels and things like that, and I was able to get something once, but then the cart was closed during the remainder of my stay. So much for the cheap breakfast. I did speak to several of the staff about the lack of local cuisine and they told me a lot of the hotel guests had complained about the same thing, but management deemed the guests would prefer the type of restaurants that were more tourist friendly. Listen if I wanted Japanese or Italian I would have stayed home. So my advice is to pack lots of snacks, or stop in San Juan for food on your way to the hotel.My other recommendation for future travelers to this establishment is for you to make sure that you rent a car if you stay here. It is so far from everything and there is no other affordable means of transportation. I asked about transport to San Juan and was told it would be $80 one way by taxi. So needless to say I was stuck on the hotel grounds for the duration of my stay.I thought the staff was very nice and very helpful and the grounds were absolutely gorgeous, but I would not stay there again based on my experience.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Nyda87
<Content>Very Over Rated VERY DISAPPOINTED. I was very excited to have booked this trip. First off all the telemarketing department needs a whole new staff. I WAS LIED TOO! When I asked to speak to a mangager I was hung on 5 times. This was just the booking part. When I treid to cancel I was told that this was just a small error and that it would be worth the trip.Once I arrived it was ok the incense KILLED ME. EXTREM OVER KILL ON THE INCENSETO MUCH NEW Contstruction. Checked in and was not told of the BIG DEPOSIT I had to leav on my credit card. Rooms are nice. Pool is beautiful. Beach, is only nice to look at. No open resturants and the nearset fast food was 7 miles away. Ordered room service. Two saldes and two tea tip and sur charge $69.00 dollars. NOT WORTH IT!!! PARKING Yes you pay for parking and Friday nights you can not find parking, because guest and out side vistors have to share the same parking lot. Took us 20 minutes to find parkng and I paid to stay at the resort. Very poor organization. I am puert rican and after my visit as a tourist in my home town, I hate to say I wil never return and this resort makes me think what kind of person treats guest and worse allows their employees to have poor customer sevice skills and attitude with guest let alone a native born. I was very disappointed and extremly unhappy with my stay.I WILL NOT RETURN. I RECOMMEND YOU TAKE THESE REVIEWS TO HEART BEFORE BOOKING.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>gipsy61
<Content>Fabulous My Husband and I and another couple spent 5 nights (Sept 14-19) at the Gran Melia and we all had a great time from start to end. We had considered other hotels (Inter-Continental, Ritz-Carlton, Rio Mar, Marriott, and El Conquistador) but in the end we decided we didn't want to stay in San Juan, we didn't want a large property, and we wanted to be close to El Yunque.I read all the reviews as I always do when we travel and I know that you can't always please everyone. I myself am hard to please and can usually find something that isn't up to par however, not this time. Roundtrip airport transportation was included in our package and we were met by a very nice young lady (sorry I misplaced her name) as soon as we came down the escalator by baggage claim and we were at the hotel within 25 minutes courtesy of our driver Cesar. We were introduced to our Butler Hector who told us not worry about anything anymore and we were led to the Royal Service Lounge for check-in and offered cold drinks.Check-in went smoothly thanks to the ladies of the RS lounge, Veronica, Omyra, Sara, and Angelica (I know I've forgotten one or two more names...sorry!) who were always friendly, gracious and helpful. We arrived early and our rooms weren't quite ready so we went to lunch and by 2:30PM, Hector was giving us a tour of the resort on the way to Bungalow #18, when he left he gave us his cell# and said to call if we needed anything!We both reserved Ocean Front Royal Service Junior Suite rooms and although we thought a ground level room would be good either Omyra or Veronica suggested the second level for more privacy with the Jacuzzi on the balcony and we were so glad they did! Our room was exactly as pictured on the website with the canopy over the bed, large bathroom (huge shower with great water pressure and drainage) with plenty of towels and bath amenities, big balcony with 2 person Jacuzzi and a fabulous view of the ocean.Before dinner we had a few drinks in the RS lounge (our rooms were really warm but the RS staff said they would take care of it and by the time we returned to our room that night our rooms were much cooler and we never had another problem with the air). We had dinner at Nami, the Asian restaurant, and we all had a delicious meal and was surprised when the bill came considering some reviews stating that it was expensive, we thought it was quite reasonably! Nami is actually like 4 restautants in one; Hibachi, Sushi. Teppanyaki, and then outdoor dining over the water, we ate there a few times and it felt like a different place each time. We also ate at Tempo and loved it (also reasonably priced). The resorts open-air lobby is beautiful with floral arrangements everywhere, lots of comfortable sitting areas, and a really cool bar, The Avenue, with lounges and palapas. Very relaxing, exotic music is played all day and night, and at night candles are lit everywhere, the grounds are beautiful and are constantly being tended to by the staff. The main pool is huge with lounge chairs partially submerged in the water, a swim-up bar, jacuzzi's in the middle of the pool, plenty of lounge chairs, and palapas (Bali beds) that can be had for the day for a fee.The casino is on the small side but that wasn't an issue with any of us. One afternoon while the guys went kayaking, we went to the Spa, our Butler Manuel made the arrangements. I had the Rain Forest Body Glow Scrub with Yadira, followed by more down time in the spa jacuzzi and pool, it was fabulous!Continental breakfast was included as part of the RS package however, if you wanted the full buffet breakfast it was just an additional $7, we thought it was well worth it. The restaurant's host - Angel, was always friendly and helpful, the staff were attentive and always smiling, and Gregorio the Chef prepared the best waffles, cheesey potatoes, and various Puerto Rican specialties each morning. When we go on vacation I always try to get a deep soaking tub to bubble bath in, my daily life is so busy I rarely have the time to luxuriate in a bathtub so I was really looking forward to our balcony jacuzzi. You can't imagine how thrilled I was when we came back after dinner that first night and my husband called me out on the balcony, it was the best bubble bath/jacuzzi I ever had for no less than 5 reasons . I could describe it but I would rather you go and be surprised yourself, many thanks to our fabulous Butler Mario who made me a wonderful jacuzzi almost night!We loved the RS pool which is exclusively for RS guests (no kids). The pool has it's own bar, is surrounded by palapas, and played soothing music, we loved it so much we stayed all day even having lunch there. Sergio and Leslie were perfect and took great care of us: we loved the cold, scented towels, they were so refreshing, it was heaven!One day we rented a car (thanks Gina, hope your Mom is well!) and went to El Yunque, the light house in Fajardo, and Luquillo. We had a great time, the rain forest was beautiful, went to the tower, hiked to the waterfall and swam in the pool underneath it! The beach at Luquillo was very nice but we thought the beach at the Hotel was just as good. Yes- it was rocky, yes there was grass in the water but it didn't matter, we loved the beach and we found a lot of beautiful shells there (just be sure there aren't any hermit crabs in them).Many thanks also to our Butlers Angel and Marco you made us feel special while we were your guests! Also the Housekeeping staff were great, our room was always clean and taken care of in a timely manner. I think you really have to know what you want or can reasonable expect, in order to be happy with what you get. We loved the two story bungalows, the beautiful grounds, friendly staff, delicious food, relaxing atmosphere, and the RS treatment was so worth it, I would never book this hotel group again without it ! I have recommended Gran Melia to everyone and will definitely stay there when in PR!.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladausa
<Content>Not as bad as some reviews make you believe After booking our stay at Gran Melia, I started reading all the bad reviews posted here, and got a bit worried. However, it's definitely not as bad as others have mentioned. One caveat - we were there during the low season, and the resort was virtually empty. A rental car is an absolute must if you're staying there - there's nothing within walking distance but a golf course. Location: The resort is located about 20 miles east of the airport, on a little peninsula. The location is great if you want to go to San Juan (30 min), rain forest (15 min), Fajardo (30 min) - as long as you have a car.Finding the hotel: It's so new, GPS (or Google Maps) does not have it's street address, however, as you take Route 3 east from San Juan, there's a huge sign pointing to the hotel. Parking:Parking is not free, and on weekend night there are a lot of locals who come to the casino, but we never had problems finding a spot (or parking right alongside the drive if there were no spots).Check-in:There were two employees checking people in, and it took us all of 5 minutes to check in. The do put a hold of $150 a night on your credit card as a safety deposit - never seen this anywhere else. We asked for a room close to the main area and parking, and were placed in bungalow 16 - a 100 yard walk from the pool and very close to the main area and parking.The room: Very nice - roomy, marble floors, nice furniture and art, decently comfortable beds. All rooms have private balconies or patios (depending on the floor). The only issue was the towels - it seemed that every day we had one less than before, and they did not replace the hand towels at all - just took the dirty ones away... Resort amenities: The only amenities we used were the pool - nice and clean, the gym - it's super hot in there - no A/C it seems, the casino - has an ok selection of machines from 5c to $1 and several tables, and the beach - full of seaweed as it is a nature preserve... Food: Restaurants at the resort are expensive as many reviewers have pointed out, so we had to fend for ourselves. For breakfast and lunch - go to Coco Sweets Bakery - it's at the intersection of the road that leads to the resort and Route 3. Wonderful staff, 70 cents for a cup of excellent coffee, $4 sandwiches, and great pastries. For dinner - if you want real Puerto Rican food and ambiance - go to Liquillo Beach - you can see a long strip of shops along Route 3 a few miles east of the resort - these are all bars/restaurants. They may not look like much, but the food is out of this world and it's cheap. Go to the last one (#60) for the best seafood on the island - try their whole red snapper.Staff: Most of them were very nice and friendly - especially security guards by the bungalo area - their job is so boring, they like to chat with guests - they are a great source of local info. The guest concierge desk staff were also helpful - they have info and directions for most local attractions.Conclusion:A nice hotel if little things don't bother you. We had a good time exploring the surroundings since there's not much to do at the resort itself.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Nenagurl
<Content>It was okay! But wont return So When we 1st got there the rain was non-stop. The Resort was not GPS compatible so this was extremely hard to find since we got lost and i have no idea where we ended up in. The Security when we finaly found it was rude and nasty. We just met him so it wasnt feed back. He had a really bad attitude. [During our stay we informed the front desk agent, she was a doll cna tbelieve i forgot her name, she said she will pass on to superiors] The HIDDEN FEE IS TRUE!! $150.00 Deposit per night! So not worth it! The resort is really far from most attractions. Overall experience was nice! the rest of the staff were really pleasant and helpful. The pool not like the other reviewers say it is.. IS CLEAN! and beautiful the beach not the nicest but nothing is ever perfect! 1 - 10 i would give it a 6.5 will i come back?... no.. too expensive too far and just not IT for a vacation in puerto rico.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>drocker
<Content>Nice looking but horrible hospitality I think this place is terrible; the only thing that I found to be fun was of course the casino. They give you complementary drinks and ham and cheese. However they say they close at 1 o鈥檆lock when in fact they start kicking everyone out, and refuse to let people in 30 mins till. I complained to the manager and he gave me some B.S. excuses which I immediately spotted. The manager then told me he would get back to me in the morning after talking to his manager, which he never did his name was Joe. Getting back to the beginning of my trip and after a lengthily check in process, which I feel like they have 2 security guards for every 1 person. But for check in only one person which took us close to 30 mins to check in. After settling into our room we went to the pool bar which closes at 6 pm. We arrived at 5:50 and when turned away for food, we were directed toward the cafe which didn鈥檛 have any selection and were told to order room service which is expensive as hell, plus they conveniantly put a 17 percent tip on. I argued to the manager Rafael which understood and compt our food. Was the nicest manager in the world. However the next night we arrived at 540 pm at the bar thinking that this would be ok. Nope got turned away again saying they turned the gas for the grill off while 4 hamburgers where being grilled. My girlfriend was complaining about getting bitten on her leg and foot, and I saw little red spots on my feet. THERE FREAKING BED BUGS. I thought maybe mosquito bites but after reading other reviews she was right.The beach looks like crap, terrible terrible beach, the pool is nice and big, but after walking around it at night it had this huge build up of foam or slim. Disgusting.Comps at the casino where said that they were going to be given to us, since our attendance there was every night almost. We had to ask multiple times what was going to be compt. Finally after a 45 min check out we found out that it was a breakfast for two and there was five of us.After already talking to the manager multiple times and nothing was changing, I felt it better to stop complaining and to try and salvage what I had left of my vacation trip.Couple other things, no outside groceries allowed into the place, double check things and make sure you get people鈥檚 names because nobody seems to have the same information. That is a totally different story. I am reminded about the stay that guy had in that movie Ocean's thirteen. Watch that, and you will have a little idea of the stay.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>KeishaWashington_DC
<Content>Pleasure in Paradise My family and I vacationed at the Gran Melia PR September 13-19th and what an awesome time we had. I鈥檝e been a lot of places, but this resort by far is one of my favorites. I would highly recommend placing this resort on your top 5 places to vacation list. Please allow me to take a moment of your time to share my experience at the Gran Melia with you. To begin, when you enter the resort, you鈥檙e going to think you stepped into a place like bath and body works. They have these scented oils all over the place and they smell great. The scenery is beautiful, the people are very helpful and friendly, the rooms are spacious, and the pools are huge. If possible, I recommend upgrading to the Royal Service. The Royal Service includes a private butler ready to tend to the most detailed request (Thumbs up to Mario), free happy hour everyday from 6:00-9:00pm (Thumbs up to Pedro) to include alcoholic beverages, evening hors d'oeuvres and cocktails, free all day coffee and tea in the lounge, free continental breakfast (you can upgrade to the hot buffet for $7 if you鈥檇 like), and if you'd like to relax feel free to lounge at the exclusive adults only Royal Service pool and beach area. Believe me you will feel like royalty during your stay. I wish I did not have to return home.While on the resort, you can take advantage of the casino, the spa, the gym, the restaurants, the pools, and the beach. If you鈥檇 like to get off the resort Dragon Fly Adventures can assist you with making reservations for New  Old San Juan City, The Rainforest, Carabali Horseback Riding, Mountain Bike Challenge, Four Track Extravaganza, Catamaran - Snorkeling, Bioluminescent Eco-tour, Deep Sea Fishing, Bacardi Tour, Belz Factory Outlet Tour, and Bubble Maker for Kids. Since we were at the Gran Melia for a week, we did a little bit of relaxing and activities. This is absolutely a wonderful resort to visit.I would like to give a very special thanks to Felipe, Yahdira, Mario, Pedro, and Temary for making our vacation worth every penny.Many Thanks,The Lewis FamilyWashington, DC  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Omari1977
<Content>One of the nest experiences       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>edbeverdavidson
<Content>This is PARADISE!! Although I do NOT reccomend using price line EVER again!!This Resort was The Bomb The people are sooo friendly and accommodating! They cater to your every whim, the grounds are PERFECTLY maintained, the food (although pricey) EXCELLENT!I've been to alot of places, THIS IS BY FAR MY FAVORITE!!If you take any tours, ask for George! he ROCKS!!Take the rain forest tour through the resort NOT ON YOUR OWN like some sugguest!! TRUST ME, you do NOT want to go there alone!Take the Old San Jaun tour with Bacardi distillery (with George) he's sooo nice, so informative!!The ONLY negative I have to say (besides the pricey food) the ocean/beach! there's LOTS of seagrass and it's not really good for swimming, BUT, with all the BEAUTIFUL pools, ya really don't need the ocean!, beautiful for walks, just not swimming!!!I would HIGHLY reccomend this resort! it by FAR exceeded our expectations!!Thank you Gran Melia! it was PARADISE!!!Mr. Davidson! rm 901 lol  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jagermasters
<Content>If you don't have a passport....Purto Rico       Excellent Food  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	3	5	5	3	3	

<Author>latinasalva48
<Content>Too far and too much       Gran Melia garden  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Beaurex212
<Content>Beautiful Property, Service a Disaster       lounge chairs in lobby  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	3	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>littleone10479
<Content>Do not believe all of the negative reviews We have just returned from a wonderful stay at the Gran Melia! I can not say enough about the property...beautiful pools, spacious rooms, most comfortable beds I've ever encountered in a hotel, serene and stylish lobbies, nice fitness center and spa. Biggest tip of the year... pay the extra for Royal Service! Butlers to draw a bath (nightly if you wish) in your own jetted tub on your balcony with candles and flower petals, aromatherapy pillows with your choice of scent, free drinks from 6-9 in the royal service lounge, free all day coffee and tea in the lounge, free continental breakfast (you can upgrade to the hot buffet for $7), free palapas at the adults only Royal Service pool (these rent for $50 a day at the main pool). The staff are wonderful; Hector, Sergio, Angel and Leslie you all rock! Thanks also to Yahdira (sorry if I spelled your name wrong) for taking the time to answer many questions before we arrived. A very special thank you to Joshua, Royal Service Manager. I have never encountered someone who truly cares about the service of his guests the way he does. I hope the Gran Melia management realizes what a gem they have in him. About the food...we ate at Nami twice. Dinner the first time was good and the sushi was awesome and very reasonably priced. The Nami roll was outstanding! Veggie wrap, chicken wings and the burgers from the Wet Bar at pool are all good choices! I would skip the dinner buffet. Unfortunately did not get to try the Italian restaurant. If you are looking for a lot of beach activity this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for a beautiful resort to relax and regroup with Royal Service (they literally make you feel like royalty) then I would highly recommend the Gran Melia. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>travlemom
<Content>the good, the bad and the ugly Suggestions:!)Rent a car! It's an American territory - most signs are english or easy spanish, roads nothing different than lots of other places.2)Get used to the idea of bugs - there are even cockroaches-it's the tropics! Bring some Deet -ingredient bug juice if the biting ones particularly like you!3) Appreciate that this is a travel experience, it's not going to be what you have at home - or else, why travel?We are a family of four - with two late-teen daughters. We were celebrating our 20th anniversary and a daughter going off to college. We looked forward to a place away from the Waikiki of San Juan party environment. We found that the resort is lovely - and although far away from most everything - we enjoyed the peaceful, lovely atmosphere. TRANSPORTATION We had rented a car, because 1) in doing the research, including these reviews, the fees for the transportation to and from the resort to the airport were as much - or more than - renting a car for a week!! This was a great decision , EXCEPT that the DAILY FEES for parking were NOT DISCLOSED TO US IN ADVANCE ,by the resort or Travelocity, and this added an unpleasant surprise of an unbudgeted expense for a week! (unless we had used AVIS - they have an office at the resort -and rental charges probably include those fees) 2) Also, the car allowed us to explore on our own; the east end of the island offers quite alot of activities! (the rainforest is great and so close, the luminescent kayak trip is work but SO worth it, and several swimming beaches close by) and we could get our own food - good  cheap restaurants nearby on the hiway or in other towns - instead of paying the exorbitant prices at the resort! And we could go into San Juan when we wanted (*take the toll road - for $1.50 TOLL it saves MANY slow miles of stop light travel)We did eat one dinner at the resort @Asian restaurant $20.00 - 45.00 pp range, very good and 'gourmet -type (small delicious portions)but very $$$$! Also the breakfast buffet there $25.00 pp / $16.00 for continental(=no hot food)ROOMS: The resort was not particularly busy the last 2 weeks of August, but we still were relegated to the units farthest away from everything (bungalow 7) we figured it had to do with booking through a discount broker, although they denied it. The rooms were great; the musty, tropical air is what you find in the caribbean- it's very much expected. AND bugs of all kinds are also tropical, I doubt there were bed bugs(claimed by another reviewer) -because I didn't get bit, but my husband did- and he always gets bit wherever we are) more likely it was no-see-ums that are everywhere in the tropics in the late summer !If you want exterminated and sanitized accomodations - stay in the 30th floor of a high rise american hotel!I did object to the fridge- apparently electronically controlled (ie: they know when you pick something up) filled to the brim with outrageously priced waters  booze ( no room for your stuff) and the candy tray -out on top -with equally exhorbitant prices $5.00 for a .75 cent candy bar.The walk was pleasant when we did walk to the main pool, sometimes hot if it was a muggy day, but sometimes breezy!The golf cart transportation was fairly regular and the staff running the carts were very attentive - or possibly it had more to do with having two cute blonde young ladies with us! The pool was great -almost too warm- and since we live in Calif, we were not looking for A Beach like we have, (again, we read the reviews) we were satisfied with the wonderful snorkle beach they have and the many colorful fish we saw!! All in all we enjoyed our stay and did not want to leave as soon as we had to..The Parker familyCamarillo, CA  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>i-heart-travel-too
<Content>IF it wasn't for.... Our stay at Gran Melia was just okay... the grounds appear well maintained, rooms are ample size and have great amenities. But here are the true things that you need to know about the hotel. 1 - the rooms are entirely too far away from the amenities, you'll have to walk back and forth to access any and everything on the grounds, there were supposed to be carts running every 5 minutes but we never saw any. And calling the front desk was a joke.2 - there is no beach on the grounds... although the resort is surrounded by the ocean the water is not really suited for swimming seaweed, and other growing organisms will discourage you from doing so. 3- there is nothing to do in the area for miles...so you're better off renting a car so that you can drive if you plan on doing anything off of the resort. 4- the restaurants are overpriced and not that great of quality. 5 - the main pool is just nasty! Looking at the stuff floating around the family pool turned my stomach and with so many children and babies in the pool there's no telling what that foamy stuff was. There are two other pools on the property one which is only accessible to Royal Service guests and the other for people who choose to indulge in spa services. We were stopped from entering both of these pools although no one was actually in them 6- BED BUGS! The morning after our first night I noticed that I had several bites on my back...thinking that they were mosquito bites I went to stock up on the Off. The next morning a few more bites...it wasn't until the plane ride home with I noticed the strange looking bites on my feet and ankles and realized just what they were. Needless to say I really probably wouldn't recommend the hotel to anyone unless your willing to shell out the cash to pay for Royal Service, then they'll probably kiss your [-] to make sure that your stay is excellent.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	3	3	2	

<Author>bostonangela
<Content>Gran Melia Puerto Rico is paradise My husband and daughter stayed at the Gran Melia in Puerto Rico for six nights in August. Having stayed in a number of hotels in Puerto Rico, I believe this is my favorite. I truly did feel as though I was in paradise. I loved the fact the highest buildings are only two stories. The beautifully manicured grounds and ocean views are so peaceful and relaxing. The rooms and beds were extremely comfortable. The management of the hotel does all that it can to create a positive stay. My daughter did not want to leave! I highly recommend this resort for a place to unwind and relax. I recommend getting a car and visiting the rainforest.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>noahbrain
<Content>met my expectaions I rate this property at about 3 1/2 stars, which means that it offers a number of amenities that are pretty good, but not exceptional. The beach water was not crystal clear, and there was a growth of seaweed underfoot. The shoreline was long at about a mile, so there is potential for privacy. The only water activity that I saw was 10 small boats and kayaks that were off limits because (they claimed!!!) that the water was too choppy. The pool was large, with a swimup bar/restaurant...that was pretty nice. The room was nice, but lacked a view. I dined in only one venue (there was a hurricane watch and the hotel was virtually empty) ... the restaurants were closed. The food was ok. The buffe dinner cost $35 pp. I passed on the breakfast because I wouldn't pay $25 pp. I rented a car so I could sample the local cuisine. The staff was friendly, except the front desk who wouldn't give me a more choice room, even thought the resort was empty.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cjlos
<Content>Deception in the Paradise Wow, what a deception! It is fthe first thing that comes to the mind when I think about my stay in the Gran Meli谩. I was in this hotel from the 8/21 to the 8/24. The reservation was done with two months of anticipation. It is really hard for me to think that such a beautiful and elegant hotel has been of such deception for me. Next I will summarize and expose my points of view having used this order: Value, Hotel and Facilities, Front Desk/Activities/check in /check out. A little about me, I was born in Puerto Rico. I have been living in Philadelphia, PA for more than 18 years. I studied in LaSalle University. I travel constantly inside and outside the USA. I consider that the value by money of the hotel is absurd due to the reasons that I will expose ahead. The right price by stayed in this hotel should be $70-$95, not more. The hotel does not work as four stars rather work as two stars top. Moreover, 80% of the employees have a lack of courtesy and respect towards the guests.The facilities are gorgeous, elegant and clean with an enormous swimming pool that is opened 24/7. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable you can accommodate up to four adults and you can request to prepare the sofa bed for you if you needed. The rooms are far from Front Desk. The resort has golf carts that run throughout the grounds to transport you to and from your room every 5 minutes.I do not recommend using the room鈥檚 towels they are dirty and stained. Bring your own towels. The rooms are equipped with a ridiculous electronic candy bar right under the TV set. This potentially will ruin you vacation if you brings kids, the prices are extreme.The resort is near the ocean but, you cannot swim in the beach. There are so many rocks and, seaweed on the beach that make it impossible to swim on it.You cannot use the beach volleyball court because the sand is very hard. I assure you that if you fall on it they have to take you to the hospital with big lacerations. The restaurants are expensive and there is no restaurant with a Puerto Rican flavor. There is an absurd parking fee of $16.05 per night. The resort never told me about it until I arrived. This, I consider is a robbery and a disrespect to the guests that not only have to pay this fee but, to make matters worse a 22% of tax or IVU, whatever.Let talk about check in; when I arrived to the resort an employee made me wait 45 minutes for the check in, first she did not find it in the list since I am member of MAS and soon she requested to me to be seated while she resolve the situation. After 45 minutes and feeling that they forgot me I decided to look for another person in Front Desk. I decided to look for another person in Front Desk. I finally found an excellent employee Jose, who helped me. In the Front Desk most of them are rude and slow with the exception of Jose. We decided to stay at the Gran Melia because we wanted to relax and stay away from all the action. I have to say the Gran Melia ruined my wished vacations planned with months of anticipation because they never informed to me about one of the worse event I have never seen Heineken Fantasy Island The hotel made me spend an horrible day WHERE Not only they restricted the entrance to the main swimming pool but, in addition, they constantly harassed with stupid questions. The security of this event was very rude, and constantly obstructed the flow and freedom to walk inside the resort. In the event djs and singers were constantly using obscene words. Do not take kids to the resorts if you know the resort will held an event. The swimming pool could not be used because not only was full to the top also were people drinking, smoking and apparently some of them making sexual things the Djs constantly found it funny. The security never acted on the matter; they were worried only for wrist bands. A Lots of drunken people. In that night the only thing that matter to security was to received money for the event and drinks, not to the security of the hotel, nor of the guests. In less than 30 minutes I observed to leave drunk and unconscious with paramedics to more than 2 persons.The check out was long. It took me over two hours to check out. Most of the time they only had 1 representative working and there were a lot of people in line.In conclusion: Thursday and Friday were excellent days of relaxation and enjoys outside the mishaps with Front Desk. Saturday and Sunday were the most horrible of my life. I strongly believe that the hotel must warn everybody in case of any event or celebration where they would limit the use of the facilities. The best thing of the resort is the physical beauty. Unfortunately, I cannot say that I will be returning to this resort.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	5	1	1	1	

<Author>WebGirlUsa
<Content>Bad experience all around I just returned from this resort with my family. We attended a wedding there. Unfortunately even though the place had natural beauty the staff and service were deplorable. I tackled bed bugs, mildew smelling rooms, overpriced food, nasty service, slow bellman and overall service of low quality. I would not recommend this place to anyone at all.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>maysbelline
<Content>Not the perfect party spot but its sure nice..       beautiful spots around the resort  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>lifeexperiencer
<Content>Awesome/Beautiful Vacation--just a little in the boonies We stayed at the Gran Melia for a week vacation, and we had a wonderful stay. We were a little worried after reading reviews, but we like to keep an open mind and experience it ourselves, and I am so glad we did! Some people must just want to find something wrong with everything or have impossibly high standards. It was a great place!!! The resort is amazing, totally beautiful, with lots of amenities. SERVICE: We did NOT get the royal service, and didn't notice a problem with a regular room. It was perfect for us. All of the staff is soooooo friendly. I will say though that service is NOT always fast. We checked in super late at night, when everyone was sleeping. When we got to our room we had absolutely NO towels, we called, and they said they would be sent right up, yet it took over an hour to get them. That was a bummer because we just wanted to go to sleep. That also happened one other night, but that night took 2+ hours. Just make sure if you need something you call the front desk at least 2-3 hours in advance. That was our only problem. SECURITY: There are security guards everywhere! You have to go through two gates and 13 huge speed bumps to get on premises. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. LINES: We were there when it was really busy, yet the check-in and check-out lines were fine. You can also call the night before you check-out to do the express check out. If you do self-parking, you have to validate your parking every time you leave. It is kind of annoying, but it only takes a minute. It would be nice to have a parking pass instead for however long you are there. ROOMS: The rooms are spacious and comfortable. The beds and pillows are amazingly comfy and lush. Everything you need. VERY nice! POOL: The pool is the most incredible pool I have ever seen, and it is open 24/7. There is something for everyone in the pool area. We were there when the resort was booked solid, yet the pool never seemed overcrowded. Night swims are beautiful with all the lights. BEACH: The beach on the resort grounds is NOT good for swimming. Not a whole lot of sand. No waves at all. BUT we did go snorkeling there, and that was fun. The water is incredibly warm, and you can see some cool tropical fish if you snorkel. Great beach chairs, fun to lay out at night and see stars. RESTAURANTS: We ate at two of the hotels restaurants. We had lunch at the Wet bar near the beach area and pool (it is also a swim up bar). They had great food and reasonable prices. The service is slow though, so make sure you are not in a hurry. We also ate supper at Nami (their Asian/Latin blend restaurant) one night. It is pretty pricey, but great food. They will ask you if you want rice, like it is included in the meal, but it is actually an additional $7. Try the desserts there.... totally amazing. We got our food pretty quickly there. TENNIS: They have 3 tennis courts (but only 2 actually had nets), and they were really nice. They have lights, so you can play anytime of the day or night. They also have awnings on each court for shade from the sun with a bench and cooler of drinking water underneath. PARKING: Parking was $16.05 per day for self-parking. Parking there is crazy... I will say that. One night they had us park under a construction crane. It is always really full at night. Also, make sure your car is locked. We had about $10 stolen one night when we forgot to lock one door. CAR RENTAL: If you want to experience more of PR, I would definitely rent a car. The Gran Melia is definitely in the middle of nowhere. We were so glad we had a car. Eating all meals at the resort could get expensive. We rented a car near the airport, not at the resort. Charlie's Car Rental is great, friendly, and inexpensive. LIZARDS  ANTS: As far as the pestering animal life that I read about in others' reviews, I would say there was no problems. There are some really cool iguanas near the man-made lakes early in the day, but there are definitely not lizards everywhere. You see them sometimes, but they are not bothersome. There were a few really tiny ants in our room, but only in the bathroom, so be careful what you set on the bathroom counters and floors. They don't bite and are probably harmless. OFF-SITE DINING: If you want to save some money or try authentic PR food, here are some great nearby options. There is a great bakery (Sweet Coco Bakery) at the beginning of the entry road. They have amazing donuts and awesome sandwiches, all with great prices. Down the road is a Church's Chicken. They have an amazing dessert for only $2.99. The Vulcan de Chocolate. Down the road the other way is Madre Tierra's. This restaurant has amazing food with great prices and great service. ONLY ANNOYANCES: 1. Any service up to your room (towels, etc) is very slow. 2. I don't know if we were just worried after reading reviews, but we weren't always sure what was off limits to people without Royal Service (like the lounges, internet use, etc). Just make sure to ask right away when you get there. 3. The beach does not have waves at all and is not great for swimming. The water is extremely warm though, and it is fun to snorkel there. 4. The location is kind of a bummer, you are way away from everything. We struggled finding sites and places to see for the first few days. There are no brochures or signs for anything anywhere. I would recommend planning and booking everything (all extra excursions) before leaving on your trip. Vieques Airport has good brochures. You can also pick up tourist info at Madre Tierra's restaurant.One more thing... we got home and checked our credit card. We had an additional charge from the Gran Melia to our credit card. The charge was quadruple what we thought we were going to pay. We knew this must be a HUGE misunderstanding. Turns out Travelocity charged us but didn鈥檛 pay the Resort. The Gran Melia was a little hard to get a hold of, but both companies were very cooperative and kind. It took several weeks to figure everything out. Pretty sure Travelocity was in the wrong, not the Gran Melia. Just make sure to check your credit card when you get back.Overall, this was an amazing place to stay. We would definitely stay there again. It was beautiful, friendly, and had everything we could want and more.EXTRAS: Here are a few sites and attractions to see in PR:1. El Morro in Old San Juan (it closes at 5:00 though--we didn't know that). 2. El Yunque Rainforest. It is free if you bypass the visitor center. Hiking to the very top has the same lookouts as below, but is pretty. 3. La Playa Azul is an amazing beach (right down from Luquillo beach). So sandy and fun waves. Not populated at all. 3. Bio Bay in Vieques. WOW! That was totally amazing and totally worth flying over for. Unbelievable! 4. Flamenco Beach on Culebra. I have never seen such a beautiful beach in my life. Awesome! Must see! Great sand and very blue water. 5. Chartering a small flight verses the ferry. We were hoping to take the ferry to Vieques and Culebra, but lines started at 1 am the night before, and were always full. We chartered flights to both. Definitely more expensive, but less hassle. Plus, if you have reservations on the islands, the ferry is not a guaranteed mode of transportation.I would definitely recommend this trip to anyone! It was great!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Joaquinsdad
<Content>Go Royal Service or don't go...       Main lobby  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>phillychic928
<Content>ehhh...if u want to RELAX and SLEEP, this is the place for u + i am a vaca club member so i had a villa, it was beautiful and HUGE..however the sofa bed for my daughter was heinous, held together by white ties, no sheets, no blankets..+ maid service made the beds but thats it..+ if u like to party THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR U, we arrived @ 9pm (flight delays), had to rush to dinner and then we wanted to unwind with a few drinks and last call was at 1130p...THEN there was electrical work going on so we had NO cable and the property was DARK...we had no choice but to sleep..+ remotely located and taxi's are $$$$$..so your stuck on property unless ur willing to rent a car or pay out the nose for a taxi to take u god knows where..+ if you are a beach person DO NOT COME here either, the beach is lousy, and i never ever saw the activity person or anyone in the ocean+ staff was helpful but nothing earth shattering+ italian restaurant was great and cost was average, better than eating at teh pool bar...i would never PAY the addtl all inclu cost though+ landscaping RIGHT by my window at 7am, i literally jumped out of bed to an employee at my bedroom window, i was furious and let him have it..  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frmorris
<Content>The Bad Prevails       Waterfall in rainforest  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>madmanmarty
<Content>Fantastic       Our room  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LexingtonNYC
<Content>Horrible!!!! My experience at this hotel was dreadful from the moment I arrived! The hotel room and the lobby are beautiful but that is all. I have been traveling to Puerto Rico since I was a child. I have been a guest at various top notch hotels, paradores and modest hotels too. I vacation at least twice a year. This has been by far the worst experience of my traveling life. I paid alot of money to stay at The Gran Melia. I paid alot because I wanted to see my eighty year old grandmother who lives there and have her visit me. The first night I arrived, we both got food poisioning from one of their restaurants. The next morning I needed something light since I had a bad night. I walked to a food station, the hotel has on the premises and was told, we ran out of breakfast. I couldn't believe it. The employee gave me attitude while sarcastically informing me after I asked,  where do I get breakfast. She answers without even looking at me  you can go to the restaurant and then walks away. It cost $25pp to have a very limited buffet breakfast. at their restaurant. You also have to wait a long time if you want eggs. The guy preparing the eggs skips out for a break when he sees a line forming. At the pool bar, I witnessed one of the employees handling food with his bare hands. It was repulsing. The employees have major attitude. They seem more interested in socializing with each other then in assisting guests. I have never experienced such low quality service. I have gotten better treatment from modest unknown hotels. This place is also boring!! BORING!! Besides the pool and casino, there is nothing to do! I felt like a hostage in this prison. You pay Japanese prices for everything. It's not worth it. Trust me. As a result of my experience, I checked out of this prison in the middle of my paid stay. I felt it was more costly to stay then to lose the payment for the rest of the hotel stay, which was another four days. My advise to anyone visiting Puerto Rico and wanting to stay at a nice place, try the Paradores if you want culture, nature, woods, authentic experience and real Puerto Rican cuisine. If you want a tourist experience, try the Old San Juan Hotel and Casino. I have stayed there and love it too. You can eat at the hotel or just outside of the hotel. There are so many wonderful eateries and restaurants just outside of this hotel. It is close to everything. Stay away from the Gran Melia Resort unless you want to be bored, crave substandard service, and want to be charged and arm and a leg for fast food which is trying to pass as gourmet cuisine.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	4	1	1	4	

<Author>supasta88
<Content>gorgeous place but whats the point.... let me just start off by saying that i am not a travel snob by any means. when i go on vacation i like to keep it simple and fun, so when i saw the reviews for the gran melia hotel and the problems that some other guest have had i just assumed that they were being ridiculous. The Gran melia is one of the most gorgeous places i have ever been, so much so that i was considering getting married there. the pool is open 24 hours, the room was amazing,the grounds are well groomed, the view from my window was stunning, and if you have a car the location isnt too bad, but thats where it ends. Parking at the hotel is $16/day which wouldnt have been a problem if there was anywhere to park. the hotel bar and casino are open to the public and there is no seperate lot for guests so if you want to leave the grounds not only will you lose your parking space but you will more than likely have to walk about 15 minutes back to your room. the second day we were there we were told by the parkin manager that if you rent your car through Avis (which we did) parking was free so you can imagine my suprise to see 4 days worth of parking on our bill at the end of the trip (along with 5 bottles of water from the mini bar that we didnt drink). when i told the front desk clerk what i was told by the parking manager she informed me that i would have had to park in the avis parking lot to get free parking, and when i asked why no one had informed me that there even was an avis lot she replied  I dont know and walked off. so i went to get a manager, but convieniently all the managers in the entire hotel were in a meeting and no one knew when it would be over. Add this to the constant fire alarms in the middle of the night, and the ridiculously expensive room service (which is the only way to get food after 10:30 because you cant bring in outside food or drinks) and it was just not a pleasant experience. I thought that once i got home the dramatics would be over but when i went to check my online banking the gran melia had charged $150 to my card when they were just supposed to put a hold on it and when i called them to get my money back i was told that i was wrong and that they hadn't charged me it was just an authorization. when i explained to the hotel accountant that i work for the bank and that i know the difference she laughed at how upset i was getting and put me on hold for about 20 minutes before she came back and told me she had returned my money. I know i've been rambling but i guess i'm just upset that this place is so gorgeous and i had such high hopes but none of it matters because of the staff.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>GQGeneric
<Content>Awesome Experience...Fabulous... Loved it After booking at Gran Melia Puerto Rico and then reading the reviews, I was very apprehensive, to the point that I emailed them ahead of time to share my concerns, as this was for my wedding anniversary... They responded promptly via email AND phone assuring me that everything would be fine... they were right! Upon check in (which took all of 5 minutes, no waiting, maybe because we checked in on Sunday afternoon) they upgraded us to an ocean view suite which was AWESOME! The place is GORGEOUS! The staff was VERY friendly and many of them called us by name in their greeting. We had ZERO problems... the first night our air was not blowing cold, in 10 minutes they were there and fixed it promptly. The only thing BAD was the food and the mini bar, which we avoided... food was bad and WAY overpriced! RENT A CAR AT THE AIRPORT AND PAY FOR PARKING, as we did. We drove out for all of our meals and LOVED the local food.. try Beebo's BBQ by airport in SanJuan for best local food. The whole island is beautiful and we spent a whole day just driving around it looking....AGAIN, I cannot stress how wonderful our stay was, I am not sure I believe the extent of all the bad reviews, if you are apprehensive as I was, contact them ahead of time....  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>naw5080
<Content>The Good, Bad  Okay - I just got back from this hotel a few days ago and can give you the entire scoop as it is quite fresh in my mind...First: There are a series of bungalows on the property and the property is QUITE expansive. We were in Bugalow 6/7 which was the very farthest one from the main club house, restaurants and pool. They have golf carts that supposedly drive by every 5 minutes... but its not nearly that frequently and they tended to be full many times when they passed us by. Make sure you are aware where your bungalow is and you are NOT so far away from the main area of the resort. Walking constantly in the PR heat gets annoyingSecond: I had no idea this would be the case. We rented a car with intentions of getting snacks, sodas, etc to consume IN OUR ROOMS (not at the pool or on the public areas of the property) and they continually stopped us from visibly bringing it in. That is ABSURD!! If I want a bottle of water, a granola bar or a can of coke in the middle of the night, how dare they tell me I cant bring it into MY room that I paid for. They actually have guards that stop you when you try to do this. The trick? Just empty a suit case and do it anyway. Still VERY annoying. We are not 3rd graders and should not be told what we can and cant eat in the rooms we PAY for.Third: This resort is remote. IF you want to do anything (Rainforest, Loquillo, eat elsewhere, etc.) you MUST rent a car. Its far cheaper to do this at the airport than at the resort. The rainforest and an amazing beach (Loquillo) are all within a 10 minute drive, so do rent a car and dont waste your $$ for the guided tours.Fourth: The front desk is a NIGHTMARE. OMG! It takes them 20 minutes to check one person in or out of the hotel. The inefficiency is absurd.The Beach: Okay, it is beautiful but very natural and not the beach you tend to think of when PR crosses your mind. The sand is not white, there is a lot of seaweed and there are rocks and boulders everywhere. I still found it to be highly beautiful, but nobody was swimming or really out in the ocean. There are also NO waves, its more like a bay.The Pool: The pool is beautiful. There are 3 pools (the main pool, spa pool and Royal Service pool). The main pool is expansive - during the day they have loud enjoyable latin influenced music playing. There are lounge chairs built into the water (amazing), there is a swim up bar (pricey - but nice), and there are rentable cabanas. They have pool waiters to grab you drinks and food. The restaurant at the pool is VERY reasonable with decent sandwhich-y foods.Restaurants: There are 3 main restaurants on the premises - an Asian Fusion, Italian  a buffet. The buffet is mediocre  somewhat pricey. We also ate the Asian Fusion which has a Hibachi option. The food was good and somewhat pricey. I was actually pretty impressed by the Asian restaurant. As I mentioned before - the pool bar is your best bet for lunch. A meal is only like $10. There is also a breakfast stand with bagels, coffee, etc which is reasonably priced and much cheaper than the restaurant option.The Room: I found the cleanliness to be mediocre. They ration towels and at times we would only have 2 new towels replaced in our room. The beds are AMAZING. Some of the most comfortable beds I've had in a hotel setting. The bathrooms were also nice... but the maids always closed the doors after cleaning and it smelled musty  like mildew constantly. The staff: For the most part, I found them to be pleasant. The golf cart drivers were very sweet and should be tipped. Bring singles on you to tip because I constantly needed them. I found the front desk workers to be somewhat rude and at times not helpful. My key kept losing its strip and it would take me 20mins at the front desk to get it reactivated. We also had a fire alarm in our building go off once at 3.30am and once at 11.30 pm. When I would call the front desk sometimes it would ring unanswered. Then when I would get someone they were unapologetic and somewhat rude. The alarm was supposedly a glich in their system - but nobody wants to be awaken to that.Nightlife: Other than the casino this place turns into a 'pumpkin' by 10pm. The pool bar closes at 6 on weekdays and 7 on weekends. Although the pool is 24hrs, I think its ABSURD that the bar closes that early. They need to keep it going for at least 3 more hours. There is also the 'Avenue' bar which has some nightlife, but its average at best. The casino is small and simple, but it'll do if that's your thing. When I was there they had BJ tables for $10 a hand and lots of slots. Not too bad. The resort is WAYYY off the beaten path, so you cannot walk to anywhere close by for nightlife. We took a shuttle to the nightlife of old san juan. I wasnt all that impressed for the cost of the shuttle ($45pp).Its a nice resort - but its got several flaws that are not (in my mind) worth the price or going back to.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>aes2167
<Content>The Worst Service Ever!!! Let me start with the fact that I booked this hotel (2 rooms) three months in advance, and called several times to confirm the reservations; I recieved assurances that the reservation was booked and that we can arrive at the hotel on Jul 31 at 3:00 pm. Well needless to say I arrived to the hotel at 4:30pm expectign to have my room ready, however was told initially to wait in the lobby ( I waited for 45 mins-1 Hour). I was then told by the front desk that the hotel had overbooked and that we would have to move to another hotel 15 minutes down the road (mind we had gotten lost finding the hotel and was the reason we were late gettign to checkout). The front desk clerk assured us that we would need to stay in the other hotel for just one day and they would accomodate. After waiting another 30 mins for manager and were set with the fact that we would only need to stay at the other hotel one night we were asked to sit and wait for a van to pick us up; another 20 mintes later the manager told us that we would need to stay in the wyndham hotel 2 nights instead of the agreed upon one night. The manager (Isabella) then stated that we would be accomodated for each night we spent in the other hotel spa and/or free meal when we came back to Gran Melia. It was hard because when you go on vacation you want to relax and unpack once not have to pack again, unpack, have your vacation interupted etc. Needless to say the other hotel Wyndham had much better service, better casino and a better attitude towards their guests. We fel so much apart of the hotel not a number or cattle to be shipped around. Evening though Wyndhams' rooms were not better than Gran melia the service made up for it--This was the most we felt on vacation and they even have a better beach than Gran Melia. When we returned to Gran Melia there was a mix-up with the accomodations we were to recieve because of the move, Isabella initially told us that she did not say that we would be accomodated for each day, causing a mix-up and some what of more disappointment in the Gran Melia system. She allowed it and then on check out day there were charges on the bill that we did not spend, although they took the charges off we had to prove that we did not use some of the services and items in the mini bar (which an attendant went to the room to check-which felt like we were discredited or not trust worthy), If any one is not trust worthy it is this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	2	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Relax-at-Max
<Content>Great experience although room for improvement My husband and I stayed at this resort for the second time to celebrate yet another wedding anniversary. First time we stayed at a Royal Service Garden View Jr. Suite; this time we stayed at a Royal Service Garden Villa. I must highlight that the accomodations were extremely beautiful, very comfortable and clean. Living area, outdoor gazebo, private pool in the villa, nice king bed, 2 tv's, great dressing area  closets, huge enclosed shower and indoor jacuzzi and lovely outdoor shower we will mimic at home!When we got to the room 2 hours after our luggage was delivered to the room, the A/C was not working. We called for help and 10-15 minutes after someone came and fixed the problem. The buttler services are great. Our buttler, Mario, was top notch. He quickly catered to our requests which were ice (several times), wine glasses, a corkscrew and take my husband to the parking to retrieve something from our car. I noticed that on all dining venues there are small pretty flower arrangements on the tables but the flowers at that moment, were some kind of a white orchid which smells so pungent that inteferes with the food experience. At all times I had to request waiter to remove it from the table. I noticed in some instances that although we were receiving excellent service, others were not and I think it could be because we were wearing a distinctive wristband that ID'd us as Royal Service guests vs regular room guests. I think everyone should get equal quality of service.During our 2nd night, the fire alarms in the room went off more than 3 times and it was at 3am when finally operator answered and explained that this was being caused by guests who had already been intervened by Security. Must be true as they never went off again. Room service was quick but food can improve - at least the temperature. Soups and desserts were very good, entrees can improve.Tempo restaurant was very nice, impecable service, good wines. I would decrease light intensity in this restaurant to make it a little more intimate just like the Nami. Lights are too intense and you feel like you are in a store window. At Cafe Soleil the items at the lunch buffet should be identified as there are items that if you are not familiar with, will never know what they are. I served a chicken breast with a sauce that turned out to be jalapeno sauce. Hated that one. I am allergic to many things and having food identified with little signs, would have made my lunch time a lot easier.The check in and out process at the Royal Lounge was good. A couple of things charged from the mini bar we did not consume, were immediately removed from the bill. Be careful, if you pick up something from the mini bar just to see it and then put it back, if this takes 30 secs or more, your bill will be whacked for it automatically. Watch out.The music at the Wet Bar at the main pool was too loud! If you want to realx and read a book, this won't help.But overall, the experience is good and plenty of opportunities to relax. I had a company event there on July; booked approximately 90 rooms and only had one minor complaint of one guest waiting more than 30 minutes to check in on Royal Service. That's it.WIll definitely return for company events and private stays.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>EasyPhysics
<Content>Family Reunion at the Gran Melia We recently returned from having a large family reunion at the Gran Melia in Puerto Rico. As a family we have traveled to many Caribbean islands and experienced a large selection of hotels. Our Stay was fantastic, the accommodations were very comfortable and we felt as if the staff went above and beyond the call of duty. Given that some of our family members had never been to the Caribbean before, I found Puerto Rico to be an excellent first Caribbean experience island. ( Make sure you visit Old San Juan ). Vivi Puerto Rico  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fcouve18
<Content>Could have been better The hotel itself is very nice. Unfortunately we were there during a convention of a company called Econo and the attention was focused on these people. For example we'd come downstairs to the waiting area where the golf carts transport you to the parking area and they would first ask if we were from Econo. Many of them did not give us the ride and would tell us we had to wait for the next cart to arrive which at times took as long as 10 minutes. There was one day we left our hotel room around 11am and didn't return until almost midnight and our room had not received housekeeping services. The beach is not good for bathing, too many rocks in the way. On our first night there it took the front desk almost 45 minutes to get us checked in and we had reservations several weeks in advance. And since we were there during this convention many times we'd get there late in the evening and could not find a parking which by the way is not free. The hotel staff is not very warm and many of them need to learn some manners.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>fperojo
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay Ever... No kidding This hotel perfectly fits the description of looks can be deceiving. The property is located in the north east part of the island about 45 minutes from San Juan. The resort is beautiful, but the service is the worst I have ever experienced.My wife and I traveled to the island to join my parents and siblings for a small get together. In all we booked 4 rooms for 3 nights. The booking process alone was an ordeal. We showed up at 3pm and were immediately directed to a ball room for checking instead of the front desk. There was a line of about 30 people waiting to check in with only two hotel employees handling the reservations. After 2 hours we finally were given our rooms but without the room keys.It turns out the rooms were not ready yet. I demanded to speak to a manager and after demanding to get some resolution I was given keys to two of our rooms only. The explanation for the delay was that the hotel did not have any clean sheets available and we would have to wait for new ones. We ended up getting the other two rooms two hours later. In all the checking process took 4 hours.When we got to our room we noticed the bathroom did not have any hand or face towels. Upon inquiring about it we were told there were none. My guess is either the hotel is short staffed or they don't have enough supplies for all the guests.Another issue is the charges for room service and meals at the resorts restaurants. My mother ordered breakfast for two in her room and she was charged $100. Needless to say, during our stay we bought our meals outside the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>prchic65
<Content>Really nice! I stayed at the Gran Meli谩 the last week of July and had a really great time. My sister and I took my parents there- who had never stayed at a hotel before- and we are sooo glad we chose it! It has 1st class accomodations and service.Beautiful pool and we really enjoyed the water aerobics class, since it was more for fun than anything. The atmosphere at Ave Nue Bar was great ,except that we wished they'd had the live entertainment- batucada- that was printed on the schedule. Loved the indoor gazebos at the bar and the beautiful furniture alll around. everyone was very friendly and helpful. Highly recommend it! Do go out to eat since the food is so expensive for a party of 7.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1RedShark
<Content>Grand Melia or Grand pain? The Grand Melia was a grand painful experience for my wife and I. First and foremost, the hotel failed to advertise or offer transportation vouchers back and forth from the hotel. So before we even left the airport we had to eat a $35 dollars each ($70 dollar for 2, $140 dollars round trip, Taxi's were the same price) transportation fee to get the resort. This was using there shuttle service.. To there credit, the resort architecture is extremely elegent with a mix of art deco and comtemporary designs. The rooms were incredible. However, all of that deminished due to the lack of service. We experience numerous and consistant issues with service from the time we arrive until the time we left 4 days later. My wife and I were part of there so-called vip service called Royal Service. The Royal Service was a joke, There was not one piece of the VIP service that was satisfactory. Even after discussions with management, poor service continued. After the second day we basically had to fend for ourselves. We had to bushwack house keeping to get them to provide us towels so that we would at least have enough to take a shower the next day. They struggled with basic services like room service (took an 1 1/2 to bring a pizza to our room, when it can it was already cold).Royal service included a butler which introduced himself and was never reachable the whole time. They charged you for everything too. I won't waste your time complaining about the resturant food and service, grounds transportation, pool services, and etc. All of it was terrible. Ever couple we met complained about similar experiences.Stay way!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FloridaSunshine2008
<Content>Beware!! I went to the Grand Melia a month ago with my family and we had a terrible experience. We waited for more than 40 minutes to check in! (Only 4 people were in front of me and they had three clerks working).Besides their poor service not only at the front desk and pool area, it was repulsive to find blood in our bed sheets and pillows. The beds were made without changing them!! And blood on white sheets!!!!! It was disgusting!!!! We complained of course and waited forever to have the room clean, it was after 10 PM when finally they changed the bed sheets and acted like it was no big deal. The bathroom was also filthy and had a hole on the wall. This hotel it not a 4 stars hotel!! If you want a pleasant stay and a real 4 stars hotel Gran Melia is not the one for you! We have stayed in the past at El Conquistador a real 4 stars hotel maybe check that one and stay away from this one!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>nolatele
<Content>5 star prices, half star service The place is clean and beautiful, but the service is unbelievably bad. On the first day, our room wasn't ready 'til 5:30 pm. While we were waiting for the room, we waited an hour and 20 minutes for 2 hamburgers at the pool side restaurant. They don't let you bring any of your own food in, but all of their restaurants have awful food, worse service and ridiculous prices. $9 bottle of water anyone? (from the mini bar). I strongly suspect the calamari in the Asian fusion restaurant was really fried rubber bands. The sampler platter, which was supposed to include grilled chicken, beef, shrimp and eggplant, was a plate of chicken with two bites of beef, and the waiters couldn't care less when they screw up. The staff zooms around the property day and night in very loud, gasoline powered golf carts, so it always sounds like a parade of lawn mowers. They charged us $70 to pick us up from the airport and $85 to drop us in Old San Juan (a 20 minute ride). The ice machines are always empty and they're always out of towels. Even the car rental desk charges twice what the rest of Puerto Rico does. Gran Melia also makes extra money by letting non guests pay to use the pool, so the place is crawling with kids during the day. We really felt like they went to great lengths to squeeze every last dollar out of us, but made no effort at all to deliver even passable service. We travel a lot and don't mind paying for something nice, but this place charges 5 star prices and gives you half star service. They nearly ruined our honeymoon. Puerto Rico is great, but stay away from Gran Melia!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>amcConnecticut
<Content>Beautiful resort, Inconsistent service My cousin and I stayed at the resort the last week in July. Upon our arrival greeted by a very friendly and competent bell man, Dario. Dario immediately made us feel welcome. However the experience went downhill from this point on. Our room was not ready, which was understandable as check-in was not until 3pm and we arrived at 2. there was a room availabe with a king size bed which was not what I had reserved so we chose to wait. The woman checking us in at the front desk was apologetic, however could not give a time frame for when the room would be ready. She advised us that we could change and leave our bags in the hospitality suite, took my cell phone number and said we would be contacted when the room was available.A different person took our bags to the hospitality suite. This person was rude and acted as if this was an imposition.Upon going to the beach area no towels were availabe for three and a half hours. After all this time I finally went back to the front desk as at our 8th try at towels the girl there told us our room was still not ready. We went to the front desk to inquire and the girl told us the room was ready and offered no explanations as to why I was not contacted. When the card keys were handed to me, it looked like there was only one. When I asked the firld for two she rolled her eyes and flipped the cards apart and thurst them at me. At this point I was so frustrated I didn't trust myslef to say anything to her.The suite was beautifully appointed. The bathroom was huge with a suken tub. There were no complaints as to the accomodations.The next day we had breakfast at the hotel. There was one person making omeletes, one at a time. The food was standard fare you would get at any hotel.My cousin wanted several treatments at the spa but no one could explain the services to her.We went to the beach and again no towels were available. After the 7th or 8th try (and 2 hours later) at towels, my cousin was so frustrated that she complained to a manager. The manager listened to all her complaints (some which to this point I have not mentioned) and comped our breakfast for the duration of our stay. We had a problem with the light being out on our terrace and after 4 hours and another phone call someone came to fix it. A follow-up call from the hotel was made to our room and appreciated. Our last full day at the resort we got towels at 8am with no problem. However on this day both keys to the room were deactivated for some unknown reason.The parking situation at the hotel needs to be addressed as there are not enough spaces for guests.Upon checking out we asked to speak to the manager. We spoke to Felipe Cervantes who attentiively and patiently listened to our complaints. Mr. Cervantes apologized and promptly comped all parking charges. Mr. Cervates assured us that if we chose to stay at the resort in the future he would personally see to it that our stay there would be comfortable.All in all the resort and grounds are beautiful. However a resort of this caliber should not put there guests through the hardships we endured. When you go to a 4 star resort you expect to be pampered, not have every day with thoughts in your head of what went wrong. Hopefully these issues will be resolved as this resort has great potential. The service we received was either exceptional or horrendous. There was no middle ground. I would love to come back when the staff is better trained.A. CuretMilford, ConnecticutM. NegronBoston, MA  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>fotografikdesign
<Content>Beautiful!! Loved It!!       sunset  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brianh898
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful!! Let me start by saying I'm a 30 year old guy and I'm not one of these people that have never traveled before and then come straight home to write a review about how wonderful there vacation was, because lets face it, first time in the Carribean, how could it be bad? I've been all over the world, and have stayed in many 5 star resorts. The Gran Melia is world class. The staff was amazingly helpful, the restaurants were some of the best I've ever been to in my life ANYWHERE!! The rooms were absolutely perfect. Even the beds were top notch with plush pillow top mattresses, down comforters and large down pillows. If you need to get out and roam, this is not the resort for you, as you are miles away from anything, however there is so much to do right there at the resort I can't imagine why you would need to go anywhere. If you want to rent a car, rent it at the airport, not the resort! They wanted over $300 for 4 days, and we ended up renting at Enterprise for about $125 insurance included ( after driving in Puerto Rico I highly recommend taking there insurance). Taxi fares are not cheap! To get from the resort to the airport was about 30 miles and cost $80 dollars each way, but remember, you're still basically in the United States. Wages are the same, and cost of living is very high here unlike most destinations in the Carribean, so don't expect to come here and rack up on some over priced brand name purses, because everything is priced basically the same as in the states. Through the resort you can contact a guy named Angel for some of the best scuba diving I have ever done in my life. All day tour for about $175 per person, lunch and beer included! Great value, great guy! Oh yeah, Donald Trump is building a couple hundred condos on the same property as the resort (Don't worry, you don't even know the construction is going on, this place encompasses over 2000 acres), and Trump also has two 18 hole golf courses (PGA tour 2008-2011) on the property. As I said I would recommend this resort to anyone wanting to relax, be totally pampered, and enjoy some of the benefits of the good life. By the way, I read somewhere that the place was overcrowded with locals paying only a small daily fee to get in. This is somewhat true, but undestand that these people are paying abut $50 dollars per person for only the use of the swimming pool and a few of the other pleasures of the resort. A family of 4 cost about $200, so your not dealing with a bunch of out of control kids running around with one adult trying to wrangle them, these people are paying very good money for the day use only of these things, and are not a problem at all. Oh yeah, the casino is very nice, and drinks thre are always free (Hold'em tournament every Saturday Night)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boraboralover
<Content>Very bad service The property itself is very lovely (especially at night when it has gorgeous candlelight) but be prepared to hike to your rooms. The beach is not very appealing but the pool is nice. Did not appreciate the cabanas-to-rent signs for only something like $100 a day but my daughter tells me this is commonplace.The staff are all very friendly and I hate to write a negative review but I must. There was a dispute over our bill and they said it would be taken care of but I was not contacted by them just saw the bill on the charge card and have no clue as to how they arrived at that figure. When we first arrived there was apparently only one bellman on duty so we had a 30 minute wait to get to our room. There was no in-room safe so I waited at the front desk for assistance. By the time I got to the counter itself, it had been a long wait and then I was told that I would have to wait for security to show up to escort me to the safe. The whole episode took over 50 minutes at the least- I was pacing in the lobby and went up twice to beg for a time update, it was that bad. When it was time to check out we called for a bellman and waited. Finally I got fed up and took my own bag out to the car. And then waited and waited for the rest of my party. Eventually I drove up to the check in/check out area, got out and inquired. As this was taking place my son and his friend finally arrived in the cart. I let the staff know that I felt I could have crawled to the car with the baggage in my teeth and made it quicker than their service!The casino is pathetic. Some machines were not programmed yet to pay out in paper so if you wanted to cash out you had to wait for an attendant, who was on break...One lady pointed out to me that the bingo game is only for the locals as it is all in Spanish, she was disappointedThe restaurants were fabulous but only 2 open at a time and very overpriced. It cost me over $120 every meal for our party of 3.I must say that when I wanted to use the internet at the business office I noticed a sign giving their rates. I was prepared to pay but the woman at the desk said no charge. I went back during their business office hours before we checked out to print up our airline tickets but the office was closed. Thank goodness the staff at the Royal Service were able to help.Overall a very nice place but be prepared to wait and don't plan on any time frame.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>aceit
<Content>Fabulous Nothing short of perfect. A small piece of paradise. Girls trip, we stayed 5 nights, 6 days. The people were incredibly friendly and always wanting to help. You really got the feeling they enjoyed working there and they were all a team. The property was open and airy, well thought out for everyones needs from beach side lounge chairs to poolside comforts to indoor reading nooks. The ambiance was superb. The rooms were inviting, clean, comfortable in size and quiet. Unlike a hotel, each bungelow gave you privacy and no door slamming. Safety was never a concern. There was always plenty of suttle lighting, security personnal visibly on-site and patrol. We felt we had the best of both worlds, we were enough of a distance from San Juan to really feel the resort atmosphere but close enough to tour the island comfortably. Instead of paying for the tours we rented a car and went on our own. We got around easily and were able to do and see a lot on our own time frame. We spent a day in Old San Juan, saw the Fort Castillo San Cristobal-El Morro, shopping, lunch and dinner and even the Baccardi rum facility. Another day we went to the El Yunque Rainforest and loved having our own car to get around, (hint, wear your bathing suit and a cover-up and walking shoes) after leaving the rainforest we enjoyed the nearby Luquillo beach. There is an Avis car rental on site at the Gran Melia and Gina who works there is wonderful. She used to be a tour guide. One day she sent us on a scenic route to Ponce, south west/central, carribean side of the island. It was beautiful. Saw the eastern exterior, beachs and the interior mountains. We toured a coffee plantation just outside Ponce, (we got the 2 hour tour because they only harvest in October, which is when they offer the 4 hour tour) then we went into the city and toured the Serralles Castle, a beautiful mansion that sits high above the city with an awesome view of the caribbean and city of Ponce. Visited the town square (the trolly's end at 4:00 so we were to late to take a trolly) but after that we went to the boardwalk, five minutes from the city square. We had dinner at El Paladar Bar  Grill right on the boardwalk, very obscure but we had the the freshest, most delicious, seafood meals. We took the interstate back to San Juan and on to the Gran Melia within 2 hours. This day away really made us feel like we had experienced Puerto Rico, because we saw so much outside of the commercial and resort area. One of our favorite memories will be the Coco Sweet Bakery. It sits at the red light entering the road to the Gran Melia. Every morning we had breakfast here. Fresh island coffee was 70 cents, 3 scrabbled eggs with vegtables and fresh baked bread was $3.00. Cuban style, egg, bacon, cheese sandwich was $3.25 (great to go). It opens at 5:30a.m. and closes at 10:00p.m. Donuts were superb. We sun bathed Sunday afternoon, Tuesday after the rainforest, all day Thursday and Friday morning before heading out to the airport. It was truly a great trip and yes I would return and visit the north west side of the island and the caves. I will always stay at a Gran Melia hotel when it is available for future travels. It was a very hospitable and welcoming experience.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jayant98
<Content>NIce Hotel, Very Poor Service My husband and I were recent guests at Gran Melia Puerto Rico, where we stayed for four (4) nights (July 12th -July 16th), and I have to say that for being a four (4) star hotel it sure did not meet our expectations service wise. The quality of service was extremely poor. During our stay I was told by at least 4 different employees that they were unable to fulfill my services being that they did not have time or were too busy鈥?this is something you do not tell your guests especially when they are paying $265 per night!!!!! The hotel should be prepared for any given number of guests on any given day. I鈥檓 sure the hotel gets a list of the number of guests that will be checking in/out on a daily basis in advance. Therefore, they should have the proper staff to cover the number of people staying at the hotel. Now I will go into details of the services that I was totally disappointed about: 1. When we first checked in, the check in procedure went smooth; however, we had to wait around approximately 40 minutes for a bellboy to escort us along with our luggage to our room. That took away from our first impression of the hotel. How are you going to have your guests, who are trying to get away from stress and finally relax, get aggravated and waste time sitting around waiting as soon as they begin their vacation??? Obviously the hotel did not have the sufficient amount of bellboys needed for the number of people checking in. The least they could鈥檝e done was given us some guidance on how to get to our room and around the hotel this way we could鈥檝e enjoyed ourselves upon arrival rather than wait around and then bring our luggage to our room when possible.2. Housekeeping was good the first day, then after that it went downhill. The 2nd day our room was never made, we had to call for clean towels and was told that they did not have clean towels cause they did not have time to do them?!?!? How can you say that to your guests???? Finally, like two hours later housekeeping came by (at 9pm) to make our room and after we had already showered provided towels. The 3rd day, again they came pretty late in the evening to do our room and did not even bother to take the dirty dishes that were sitting on the table, which actually stayed there till we checked out.3. There aren鈥檛 refrigerators in the hotel rooms; therefore I was unable to store several items that needed to be refrigerated. Yet, I figured I鈥檇 get enough ice to keep them in the ice bucket and that should keep them cool. Well all the ice machines were out of ice throughout my entire stay and when I called 鈥淪erviExpress鈥?to have them bring ice to the room once again I was told that they did not have ice cause they did not have time to make the ice?!?!?!?!? EXCUSE ME???? No ice in a 4 star hotel??? As a result my husband had to walk the lobby bar almost every night to get ice; mind you it was approximately 1/3 of a mile walk since our room (911) was almost at the end of the hotel.4. We had a tee time to play golf at 3:45pm, however from previous experiences we decided to call the bellboy to pick up our golf clubs at 2:30pm, figured an hour and fifteen minutes should be enough time, specially since the golf course is only a two minute drive. Well good thing we call with plenty of time in advance cause after 3 phone calls and a 45 minute wait the SECURITY GUARD, NOT THE BELLBOY, came to get our golf clubs. Wait, there鈥檚 more to it鈥?when we were done playing golf, we requested for the hotel to pick us up, so we gave them enough time to come by walking around in the clubhouse, since we know they are never prompt. Well as we are walking out of the clubhouse the guy is driving away, he never even bothered to come inside and ask who needed a ride back!!! Ok, so then he finally turns back 鈥?well the guy doesn鈥檛 even work for the hotel, the bellboy ask this guy (the driver) to do him the favor since they were so busy!?!?!? CAN YOU IMAGINE????????5. Our last night we had our children stay with us since we were flying out the next day and figured they can sleep on the sofa bed, after all we only needed extra blankets and pillows鈥?well once again it took them almost 3 hours (past midnight) to bring us the blankets and pillows. UNBELIEVABLE!!!Overall, I do have to say it鈥檚 a beautiful hotel, great ambiance, nice rooms, good location and decent food. However, due to its lack of service I鈥檇 give this hotel 2 1/2 stars and would only recommend it to people who do not really care for good service.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>Citychick_0274
<Content>Fabulous Time! I almost didn't book this hotel based on the not-so-great reviews but I am super happy that I went with my gut and booked the Oceanfront Royal Service. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and relaxing. My only disappointment is that we were only there for two days as we traveled all over the island on our trip. If you can swing the Royal Service, do it!! It's completely worth it.A lot of reviews have complained about how long the drive is to the resort and how far away it is from everything. Considering it only takes approximately 2.5 hours to get to the southwestern municipality of Guanica from Rio Grande, it's not that big of a deal. However, unless you are only staying in Old San Juan you definitely need a car to fully enjoy PR.After a long red-eye flight we stopped for lechon asado and batata off the freeway (OMG! Amazing) and a Medalla at a roadside bar a bit further up the road from our meal. We were on vacation after all and in no huge rush to get to the hotel. It is true that the resort is a bit of a drive from the airport and about 3 miles once you pull off the main road but the view is so stimulating you don't even notice it! The plants, golf course, flowers and birds are pretty and vibrant. When we finally pulled up I took one look at the parking lot and it was decided we would spend the extra cash for valet. Totally worth it! The last thing I wanted to worry about on vacation was finding parking. Check-in at the RS lounge was quick and easy; it should be noted that when I called three days prior to arrival they did not have a reservation under the booking number I was provided by the website. Two phone calls later it was fixed. Save yourself the hassle and call ahead. We were greeted with cocktails and our fab butler, Manuel, picked us up and gave us a tour of the property all the while providing us with useful information about the resort and surrounding attractions. Our room was right next to the RS pool and was big and beautifully appointed. I loved the huge shower! Manuel took care of everthing we needed, whenever needed, and my boyfriend loved how close it was to the beach. The outdoor whirlpool was so relaxing at night with the sound of the waves lapping the beach and the coqui chirping. *sigh* I miss it already! Another big complaint that I read about was that the beach was rocky and full of seagrass. It totally is, but we thought it was fun that you could walk out super far and the bathtub warm water is barely thigh deep. We enjoyed looking for shells and playing with the colorful hermit crabs. Again, you are on vacation and walking along the beach in Puerto Rico, enjoy it and stop sweating the small stuff! HAHAHAWe only ate at the resort twice. Once for dinner and again for breakfast. Although the food is a bit salty, it was still pretty good and coming from San Francisco we thought the prices were reasonable. Service is a bit slow but our waiter was personable and accomodating at dinner and the waitress at breakfast was awesome as well. Our big thing was to eat Puerto Rican food so we only ate at the resort when necessary. By choice, we did walk alot on the resort but there were always carts going by. When we did want a ride back to the room it was not a problem catching one. All in all this hotel is beautiful, the staff is amazing and we had an AMAZING trip. I am so glad that the Gran Melia was apart of our grand time and I can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>shar0n_and_jeff
<Content>Loved the Gran Melia, we highly recommend it We stayed 7 days and 6 nights at the Gran Melia in Rio Grande, Puerto Rico and had the best time. The Gran Melia upgraded us to an ocean front room (which was beautiful and even had a jucuzzi tub on the balcony), sent champagne to our room on our 1 year anniversary night, upgraded us to the Royal Service which includes a butler and happy hour every night from 6-9 p.m. They set us up with a rental car for 5 days at a great rate and the employees even helped us find a Catamaran/Snorkeling trip not even affiliated with the Melia. They could not do enough for us. The hotel is beautiful, the Room Manager was the best, the FB Manager also treated us like we were the only ones at the resort. Everyone at the hotel from butlers, to chamber maids to waitresses to golf cart drivers treated you like kings and queens. The restaurants had good food, room service was good and very prompt. We had a great time there and have already recommended it to our friends (6) who have already booked for September. We are looking forward to going back and if you can stay longer, do it, there is plenty to do and see, I highly recommend this hotel and if you can stay longer than a week, I recommend at least 10 days.........  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>greenbeltdan
<Content>Loved the Grand Melia! I've been to Puerto Rico, many, many times, and always like to try newer hotels. I didn't want to stay at the Grand Melia when it was an all-inclusive resort, but was very interested in trying it out when it became a regular hotel. For comparisons sake, I have stayed at the Rio Mar (when it was a Westin) several times and the El Conquistador many times as well. I'd put my overall experience at the Melia up there with both of those resorts.The hotel is located about 7 minutes from the main road and there's a lot of construction going on before you get there, but once you get to the hotel, it's beautiful. I stayed in the Royal Service part of the hotel, so you have a dedicated check-in desk away from the masses, although they don't tell you that (I waited in line for about 15 minutes before I was shuttled over there).My room was spacious, marble-laden, and luxurious. I appreciated the private pool and cabanas that are reserved for the Royal Service clientele. The restaurants were very good, and the sea bass at Nami, for $22, was a relative bargain and outstanding.I had a late flight, and they accommodated me with a 3 p.m. late check out, even though the hotel was completely sold out that day. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat, especially if you can get a deal.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>berend2nd
<Content>5 Star quality the staff is Excellent !!!       Garden view  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jonesa67
<Content>Don't believe the reviews My wife and I stayed here from 29 Jun - 5 Jul. First of all, as I have learned from many reviews off Trip Advisor, don't believe everything you read. The only thing I have read consistently with any accuracy is the need to get a rental car.Let's break it down. Rooms were spacious and well kept. The first night we arrived the maid never came by, but it was minor to us. We had plenty of towels and only slept in our bed for a night. I gave them the benefit of doubt and never complained, and to there credit we never had that problem again. They called us daily to see when we would like housekeeping to come by. Yes, the room had a bit of a musty smell, but it wasn't due to the lack of cleanliness. A candle fixed that. We even had an extra fridge in our suite so we were able to keep our own supplies readily cold in our room for consumption. Property was awesome. We were in villa 924 with ocean view and yes, it was a bit of a walk to the main resort and pool, but that was how we liked it. We enjoyed our daily walk to and from the pool/resort. The scenery was amazing so we enjoyed taking in all of it during the walk.There was never a time that as we walked to and from our room, a staffer with a golf cart stop to offer a ride. Never ate in any of the restaraunts since we had a rental and wanted to experience Puerto Rican food while in Puerto Rico rather than Japanese or Italian. We ate daily at the pool grill for lunch and it was decently priced. C'mon folks, a $9 Cheeseburger with fries is the norm. If you want a value meal, then stay close to a McDonald's. Same goes for the drinks. I don't know where some of the reviewers normally go, but where I am from and where I have been $5-$10 for a drink is norm. Bartenders took care of us and never skimped on alcohol content. Try to stay during the week if possible. Service is different when the volume increases, but that's to expect anywhere. One thing I was frustrated by was the parking situation on the weekend. There was so many guests and so many people visiting guests, parking was non-existent beginning on Thursday and no one in the hotel seemed to care whether you found a spot or not. We ended parking on the other side of the resort. A small discrepany, but definitely something that needs attention. That Friday we had a problem at the pool grill too. The servers didn't have a grip (nor cared) on who had what tables so several families waited for some time to even get to order a drink. A couple next to us called management and to their credit the grill was swarmed with management and additional staffers within minutes. They personally stopped by our tables, took orders, and comp'd drinks and food for the inconvenience. Every resort working on that scale is likely to have problems. It's how they react and attempt to wrong the rights it is what counts!There it is. Don't let such a great place/deal be overlooked because some people expect way too much even though they got a great deal. We thoroughly enjoyed it and because a few good reviews, we were prepared and it made our vacation so much better.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelClarion
<Content>Great...rent a car for a complete vacation!       Gran Melia snapshot  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>islandhopper629
<Content>Great, Relaxing Resort I have traveled twice to what is now called the Gran Melia. The first time, it was a Paradisus which is run by the same company. I loved it on both occassions! At the time, it was an all-inclusive and I couldn't have asked for better food, service, and drinks! Condido, who bartends at the pool bar, makes the best drinks and is very attentive! He really wants the guests to have a great time. The restuarants were very romantic. Since this time, my boyfriend and I have traveled to other SolMelia resorts and still love Puerto Rico the best! The cons for this resort is the lack of beach (it is very rocky) and the distance to everything else in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico has many wonderful beaches and places to visit. If you don't rent a car, it is very, very expensive by cab.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelhappy029
<Content>mixed fellings the hotel itself is quite nice, the grounds are beautiful andthe room was very clean, nice size, but not a good balcony; verytight, not too attractive. The personel of the hotel were extremelynice, always ready to please, and extremely helpful.However, the rooms are too spread out and walking to eacharea, i.e. pool, lobby, restaurants, is a pain. They provide cartservice back and forth but of course, where is a cart when youneed one! Now, for the interesting part. The restaurants are quite terrible!! The so called Italian one, TEMPEO is disgusting.They charge an arm and a leg, and the food is horrible. Theportions are way too small and all in all, not a good experience.This hotel MUST upgrade the quality of the restaurants in orderto adequately compete in today's market. The Sol Melia restaurant serves buffet all the time, and not very good. Theydo not keep the trays full, and the food always looked re-cookedand way too abused. I think the hotel feels they have you heldcaptive, so too bad, eat what we offer. DON'T GO FOR THE TIMESHARE.........BIG TIME RIP OFF. BEWARE.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JavierDiaz4
<Content>Never Again, shame shame shame Ok, so I have a list I made up right in front of the manager, I walked the guy through each issue I had. All he said was thank you and dropped it in the comment box. So here's the list in no particular order;1. Don't touch the minibar in the room. Each item has a sensor, the second its moved, you are charged. The minibar is a small tray under the TV, on a Desk and also a small refrigerator. The second something is moved, you're charged about 5 times the average retail price. MM's was 3.50 and Water was 4.50. We didnt want it, we just picked up the MM's but them back, and the water was hot, went back later for the same water to see it was colder, and was charged again, for the sameeeeeeee waterrr. Had to wait until someone could come to the room and verify I didnt actually consume the items.2. Our room was exactly 1/3 of a mile from the lobby. So they have these trolleys that take you to the room after you check in right. Well that's about it, after you check in you're on your own to walk back and around the grounds. If I wanted to walk two miles a day I would have stayed home and gone to the Gym. Finding a trolley at night is impossible, we couldnt actually. After arriving from dining or from outside of the hotel, we had to walk, and much further because at night you have to park really far because parking cant be found since there's a casino and a lot of locals come to play at the casino and they take up much of the parking that the guest could use.3.Ohhhhh, don't use their public bathrooms near the pool, they are broken, doors wont open if you can manage to get in, and the toilets are disgustinggggggggggg. I complained each day I was there, Arent you guys going to clean those bathrooms, send someone for crying outloud.4. So we were told of this great vacation program that we wereeligiblefor. My fiancee said sure, no problem, especially since the hotel employee advised us that we would get 3 nights free in Dominican Republic in their hotel if we went. So the next morning we went. A gentlemen by the name of Toby showed us a video, made us walk around a fancy hall with pictures of their other hotels around the world, and then asked us if we would like to stay in them. We said sure why not, then he mentioned to us that for $24,000 with 15.99% for 10 years we could own a timeshare. Whattttttttttttttttttt? I didn't go to no stinking hotel on vacation to think about buying a timeshare. So he bugged us and bugged on, we told him thats not what we came there for, he didnt want to let us leave, until we decided to just ignore him and walk out while he kept talking.5. No parking at night, dont leave unless you want to take a hike at night back to your room or risk waiting for someone to leave. That kind of sums it all up. Remember, no trolleys at night. Also total mess with the parking tickets, you cant leave without going to the lobby and having them stamp your parking ticket so that they can charge you etc. 6. Oh so they have this VIP stuff all around the hotel, VIP lounge, VIP pool, VIP internet. No one explained this to us. So we decided to ask, its a royalty service they provide. Mind you, this Royalty Service you have to pay extra which is the same service you get for free at a regular hotel. Why in the world would you pay extra after paying close to 300 a night for a room.7.Ok, our room door was broken when we got to our room. So we called up to have our room switched as we wanted to head back out to enjoy our brief vacation and we wanted to leave our stuff nice and secure. They advised us they couldnt and they would send a maintenance guy. That took over an hour to happen and we had to wait till he fixed it, so we wasted about 3 hours waiting for a freaking door to get fixed. The problem with the door was it didnt lock, so anyone could come in and take our cameras and passports.8. Ohhhh, towel card, Cant get a towel at the pool without it. And if you loose the card, like we did, its thirty dollars for a little pc of cardboard credit like card. Its one towel per guest per card.. Once youre done with the towel, you have to return it, and before 6. Cant take it to your room, cause you need the card. Again, nothing like other hotels.9.Check in was a mess, they had something called a precheck in to make check in when the room was ready nice and easy. Well we did that for nothing, because we still had to do everything again when it came time to really check in. Waste of time. We're like we already gave you guys all of this info, why are we doing this again?  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PapiHenry
<Content>Gran Melia Puerto Rico--Do not waste your time or money, read this review.       Pool Photo  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>MaratMiami_Florida
<Content>Very Nice My wife and I spent the 4th of July weekend at the resort. The resort was beautiful and the staff was very attentive, polite and helpful. The pool area was great- the beach is rocky and sea grass near the shore. A car is a necessity to get out, the restaurants are OK- make sure you have a reservation if you plan to eat on site. As you leave the resort not much there or pleasing to eat, we tried Martin BBQ chicken on C-3-it was very good. If you are going for Beach and Pool I would recommend the Dominican Republic all-inclusives, $5 a can of beer, specialty drinks, breakfast, lunch and dinner it all adds up at Gran Melia. If you like the mountains, rainforest and relaxing in the pool this is a perfect location.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessng83
<Content>Great 3 star hotel could pass as a 5 star hotel! We honeymooned for a couple of days at this resort and could not have asked for a more relaxing time here. This resort was huge with a great golf course and spacious rooms. We did not use the royal sevices but still felt the service was excellent. One problem that we did have was the check in and check out times were considerably longer then we expected. They seemed to be short staffed and created a long wait for rooms and then again at check out. But after that the conceirge was excellent and proficient in making sure that we were comfortable. The rooms were large as well as the bathtub and all were immaculantly clean. And our beach view was excellent.The pool is luxiurious with a swim up bar and lots of room to be comfortable. The beach however is not so hot. This is not one that one would like to swim in. The sand is rocky and unpleasant without shoes and the man made beach was not something I would recommend to swim in. The lobby, and other common areas of the hotel were lavish and beautiful! Had an exotic feel in the evening with candles lit everywhere. The restaurant was beautiful but lacked the service at the outside terreace seating and the food at Tempo the italian rest was mediocre at best. But overall the experience here was wonderful and would def come back again!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	2	5	2	

<Author>mlunsford
<Content>What a fantastic vacation!       The main pool  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Boomer1102
<Content>Beautiful...but worst service ever My wife and I stayed here for a family members wedding. The rooms were beautiful, the ceremony was perfect. We then went to the reception area and enjoyed an open bar. After the ceremony and open bar, the food service was...ok. The servers started taking full glasses of wine and champagne off the tables as guests were getting food from the buffet or just going to the restroom. They seemed to be in a hurry to get us out of the reception area so they could clean up. The next day we had diner in the Italian restaurant(can't remember the name) on the prpoerty and the service was horrible. We were constantly waiting for the server and I mean we did not see him for 20-30 minutes at a time. A table next to us was not even greeted by a server for 45 minutes and then they had to get the hostest to find a server to take their order. The resort was beautiful, the service and managment need a lot of work. Poor communication between day and night shift made check out a nightmare. Be ready to stand your ground on your bill and rates.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	1	4	

<Author>amazingvacation
<Content>Highley recomended for romantic couples! WE JUST RETURNED ON MONDAY THE 30TH OF JUNE WE WERE THERE FOR A WEEK,The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. The employess were very nice asked if we were ok all the time the food is expensive if u but it form your mimi bar in your room (bottle of water $7.00, coke 12oz $4.00) but we rented a car, its the best thing to do and we headed into San Juan on of the largest city's there and ate,shopped and even went to a club called brava nice please to go and drink and listen to every kind of music, and you have to visit the rainforest it is amazing and eat rice and beans the best out there when you leave the rainforest.this hotel is on its private island so its about 25-30mins from town but there is alot to do and the big pool is so awsome i highley recommend it. don't listen to the reviews listen to your instict i read alot of bad reviews but i wanted to see for my self.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maryella61
<Content>Gran Melia Fantastic 5 Star Resort My Husband and I just returned from Gran Melia in Puerto Rico.The trip was a little bit of business and pleasure. I can't understand some of the negative reviews on this resort. The resort is absolutley beautiful and everything is extremely clean. The rooms are incredable and also spotless. We did not meet one singel staff member that didn't have a smile on their face and were always asking if there is anything they can do for you and how are you enjoying your stay. They were terrific! The main pool is great. It as extremley large. You never had to fight for lounge chairs. We booked direct with the hotel and got an upgrade to the Ocean Front Royal Service Suite , which is well worth the additional money. Included with the Royal Service is complementary cocktails from 6 to 9 each evening in their private lounge. It also includes breakfast each day. The Royal Service guests had their own private pool. In the evening the resort has candles lit everywhere. They play very exotic / relaxing music all day and night. They have beautiful couches and comfy lounges through out the resort. The pools are spectacular. Their restaurants are very nice bur are expensive. This is to be expected at a 5 star resort though. The drinks are around $8 a drink.. Beautiful Golf Couses. The whole resort focused on complete relaxation. I just can't say enough about this resort. If you do go to Gran Melia you must have dinner (or lunch) at Richies Cafe. Richie picks you up from the resort and brings you back. The cafe is high up on a cliff with a wonderful view. The food is excellant!. the view and the food were so good we ate there three nights in a row. Richie is a wonderful host. I would reccommend the Gran Melia Resort to anyone who is looking for a relaxing pampered vacation.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SusanfromSoCal
<Content>Exceedingly poor service and mildewed rooms mars otherwise decent enough resort We just got back from a trip around Puerto Rico in which we had the misfortune of staying at La Gran Melia Resort in Rio Grande on two occasions over the course of two weeks. The combination of over-the-top ostentatiousness, exceedingly inefficient service (with the exception of that which is offered to Royalty Service patrons), mildewed rooms (we stayed in 3 of them, all of which had the same problem to differing degrees) and being nickel-and-dimed for everything (including hi-speed internet access - they give you the dial up for free) made for an overall unpleasant stay in what would have otherwise been a decent enough place.Check-in (we arrived at 4:00) took several hours - there were no rooms available with 2 beds and we are a family of 3. At 6:30 we were finally given a room that reeked of mildew. The delay in check-in meant that we were unable to make it out to Fajardo to go to the bioluminescent bay as we had planned. I complained to management the next day an we were upgraded to one of the Royalty Service rooms, which was a significant improvement (in fact, I would never stay there again unless I were to have Royalty Service (which is how *all* of the guests should treated - not just those who fork over the extra $$). The grounds are fairly spread out, which was a huge problem fore me as I have limited mobility due to a disability. We were told that carts circled the property regularly or that all we had to do was call and someone in a cart would come to pick me up whenever we needed transportation. The only carts circling the property regularly were security/landscaping/housekeeping. I called to request a cart on THREE separate occasions and no-one came after more than 20 minutes of waiting!! (The night before we were leaving I even arranged in advance to have a cart pick us up in the morning and it never came!! (In addition to the prior arrangement I made the night before I called in the morning to make sure they would send it to no avail). I should point out, however, this was not the case when we stayed in the Royalty Service quarters, as they have butlers available for transport, etc. at all times. Again, this is the treatment that should be offered to *all* of the patrons, not just those in Royalty Service.The inefficiency with which the place is run is staggering!! In addition to the outrageously long wait for check-in, each time you leave during your stay you have to get your parking ticket validated (for which there was generally a line). On our check-in for the second visit (a week after the first), we requested that express checkout paperwork be sent to our room to avoid the interminable and unavoidable line. The paperwork was never sent.The tendency to nickel-and-dime the patrons for everything from lying on the canopyed beds by the pool to using the high speed internet was rather annoying. Another *huge* problem for me were the polished marble floors all over the place (very slippery when wet (and it rains a lot in Puerto Rico) - I fell on two occasions).I would not stay there again unless I were in Royalty Service (and even then, I'd have to think twice about it).  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>RNurse94
<Content>Wonderful resort A beautiful hotel with great accomodations and staff. Food was fantastic, location was nice. Close to some activities, not too far from San Juan. The only complaint I have is the pressure to sit for the time share pitch.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Upstater31
<Content>The facilities were lovely but... I have to agree with others who said the restaurant choices were limited and over priced. We also had a problem with a fire alarm going off several times in the middle of the night. When we called the front desk to let someone in authority know no one ever answered. It seemed like there were a lot of worker bees at the hotel but no one of any real authority. The beach was disappointing but we did enjoy the pools and the spa. The taxi service was very expensive and everything was so far away. Overall, i think this resort has a lot of potential but they seem content to be mediocre. I would not recommend it to my friends because for the money it was not worth it.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>csf2024
<Content>A great honey moon       waterfall in the rain forest in puerto rico  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vm22
<Content>Beautiful! Beautiful hotel and great service, the rooms were very clean. The pools were great as were the restaurants. The environment was very nice. The hotel experience overall was expensive but fabulous, I will love to stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>honeydew324
<Content>Gran Melia is a beautiful resort Ok the Gran Melia was a beautiful hotel however there are things you should know while staying at the resort. First of all, when you get there if you've booked through Cheapcarribean.com MAKE CERTAIN that the resort applies your RESORT CREDIT if applicable or else they will nickle and dime you for everything while staying at the resort. That's the only issue my husband and I had was them charging you for everything and not disclosing that you may or may not have credit to use while visiting. Also, Hector was great!! He's very professional and has a good attitude and know's the hotel, and area quite well. While in your room DO NOT PICK UP ANYTHING FROM THE FRIDGE OR BAR as they have sensors on each item and once you remove the item, your room is automatically charged!!!! The Royal Service is great as we had the pleasure of being in the VIP suites of the hotel. Overall, I would say we had a great stay the hotel is beautiful and well kept.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mslittlelappy
<Content>Don't believe all the negative reviews..... Honestly, Im not sure what standard some of these people live on or expect.. but you really can't believe all the negative reviews you read. Prior to going on our trip, we read these reviews, after we had booked our trip and got alittle skeptical thinking Uh oh, did we make the wrong choice in resort?We checked into Gran Melia on 6/13. We called in advance for an early checkin, as we arrived at the hotel by 12pm. The front desk 'said' they knew nothing of this, when we personally spoke to someone 3 days before. So as you can imagine, we thought, oh no, here we go. They said if we waited till 3pm, we could change and they would hold our bags, and B-12 would eventually be our room. If we wanted a room immediately, B-7 was open but it was on the furthest part of the resort. Then they offered for an additional $75 a night, we could be upgraded to Royal Service, and in room 2013, which was directly next to the pool (the private royal service pool). This also included butler service, Pillow menu per evening (which I will say was really nothing different than the pillows we already had), free continental breakfast (which is a HUGE plus since its $15 per person per day), complimentary happy hour every evening from 6-9pm (which is huge when drinks cost $10), private access to the royal service pool and many other things....We took it and can honestly say, it made a world of a difference in our stay.The rooms were great. COMFY bed, couch, nice sized bathroom, flat screen TV's, marble floors, outside area.. Our rooms were cleaned every day by the time we came back in (around 4pm) - except one day where we called and they were there in 5 minutes. One thing, our bathroom smelt like Mildew here and there when we went in, but it wasnt that big of a deal. Overall the room was extremely clean. On our first night, we even got a complimentary bottle of champagne which we thought was awesome. Private pool made a huge difference since the mail pool was crawling with loud kids all day long. RENT A CAR ( a jeep if you can). If you just want to go and lay at the pool all day, then dont bother but if you want to get out and do whatever you want... We drove around the island, went to different private beaches, ate at the roadside shacks, spent time in Old San Juan, hiked the rain forest.. It is SO worth it to get out and do your own thing and not be dependant on cabs, and shuttle buses. Definiately made our stay 75% better. The resort is sort of located in the middle of nowhere.. and you can't walk to surrounding areas.. so it makes a big deal.There is no beach, you are right... not a huge deal to me, because I read that in the reviews before going.. Im a pool girl anyways. We found a small beach that you could defintely go in the water if you wanted, down the road from the resort so it wasnt a big deal.. but if you are a beach person, red flag for you.Food was good yes, but overpriced.. but what resort isnt? When they know that most people come, dont have a car to get out and do what they want, why wouldnt they charge up the food/drinks? Thats just common sense, and no reason to down the hotel about... its no different if you want to a resort in Puerto Rico, Jamaica or Mexico. But was it overpriced? Yes it was. What can you do.Butler service and staff were never once a problem to us. They were attentive, called us to check in on us, there were golf carts riding all the time back and forth to take you from your room to the main house (the walk could be long to some)... no negative things to say about the staff. Very accomodating.Overall, would I go back to the Gran Melia if the opportunity arose? Of course, or Id stay at another one of their resorts around the world. Overall, beside the few negative things that I mentioned, everything was awesome during our stay and I will highly recommend the resort to others.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rolojee
<Content>Beautiful Grounds .... terrible service Went to the Gran Melia for a birthday celebration with a group of 15 people. The grounds and the layout were superb but the rest of the trip was marred by poor service. The food was expensive and at best poorly prepared - we went off site and had great meals. Our group had similar problems to previous bloggers with regards to room maintenance and check in problems. Everything just seemed disorganized with most of the staff indifferent at best. Additionally they do charge extra for everything. I normally don't post negative reviews but in this case the lack of attention to even the most basic fundamentals of customer service really disappointed me.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	1	4	

<Author>Lucy3114
<Content>Save your money! My friend and I came back from this resort last week.....The staff for the most part were unfriendly and not very helpful. The first full day we were there....our room was not cleaned until approx. 6:30pm after calling to find out why. When it was cleaned.... when I say cleaned..... I mean we got clean towels and the bed was done...thats it! The mini-bar was not replenished, the floors were not swept, etc. To add to that, there was no price menu for the mini-bar. I called for the prices and they assured me someone would come bring me a list. Three days later.....no list. The bed was VERY comfortable and the room was nice. I lost a sandal out of my bag on the long walk to my room...I could not find it. The next day I called the front desk to see if anyone had found it......I got transferred to six different areas...then they hung up on me without an answer. The restaurants were very expensive. The japanese restaurant was worth it, but I can't say the same for the italian restaurant. The casino is shady people! If you do go to gamble...please gamble with caution. I might suggest to stay away from the free boos....  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>The_busy_traveler
<Content>Gran Mila, hmmmmm As with other reviewers, I think everyone is agreement that this place is extremely over priced. The room rates are priced decently. How so ever they will nickle and dime you to death. There is a fee for everything, and I mean everything. Drinks average 10 a piece. (not all that bad). How ever the food is extremely overpriced for what you get. $15.00 for a McDonalds quality Cheeseburger just seemed a little on the high side. Also, pre warning. You can not bring any type of food or coolers on the grounds. everything has to be purchased from the hotel.  If your looking for action, you may want to consider somewhere else, on the other hand if you want a laid back experience this is the place. Also there are no suitable beaches, you can't enter the water, it's nothing but rock, coral and sea weed.If you do come, stay at the pool bar, cheapest food , best service and most action.The place is beautiful and the rooms are nice, but thats where it stops.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>mecass3
<Content>Good (not Great) stay at the Gran Melia I rely on tripadvisor reviews, so I feel it is only fair to write my own.The Gran Melia is a beautiful property, like others have said, that needs a little tweeking. The first thing - rent a car. Absolutely, without a doubt, the best thing we did. Puerto Rico is really easy to drive around and we used our car to drive into San Juan about every night and drive to local bakeries to get lunch etc. Without a car, i think we would have been really unhappy.The pool is gorgeous. very big, lots of built in beds, very clean, great temperature. It was packed with kids over the weekend (we do not have kids) which was a little loud for our taste but they were just kids being kids, so we can't complain. Monday and Tuesday the pool was very quiet. Our room was nice, always cleaned promptly, very comfy bed, great flat screen tv with all the american channels. We found service very friendly and willing to help. We did not like the beach at the property (full of rocks, like the pictures show) but we took our rental car a few miles down the road to Luquillo Beach which was beautiful, easy to find and almost empty on a Monday. Highly recommend that.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to families much more than singles and also I cannot say enough about having a car to leave the property. There is a lot to see in Puerto Rico. The Gran Melia served as a perfect suitable home base but the beach on property and lack of diverse restaurant options made our rental car worth 10x what we paid for it.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DVKTexas
<Content>Great Stay!!!       El Morro Fort in Old San Juan  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wwanda_2217
<Content>Dirty rooms After a great day at El Yunque National Forest, my family were exhausted to arrive at Gran Melia. The structure is impressive, but when I went to 612 room a lot of mildew in bath linen, no air conditioner and no vacuum my room. My husband was very upset and called several times to front desk and a great, customer service employee came and solved the air conditioning problem. In addition let him know about bath curtain that was with a lot of mildew, he called to correspondent area, but at today, nobody went to my room to change the linen. I suffered with a lot of allergy and my vacation was a disaster. As a matter of fact, the prices are too ridiculous. We pay on dollars instead of euro. A coke cost $3.57, a nuggets with fries for a kid cost $16.00, a buffe without lobster, only creole food cost $37.00 adults, $18.00 kids, that is a ridiculous price due to my kids only eat one or two nuggets. My room never was clean. I will never go to Puerto Rico Gran Melia, is dirty and dusty.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>southernbell7777
<Content>Sol Melia vacation member (Loved our room/condo!) We just got back yesterdayWe were there for 10 daysWe had 2 hot tubs! one in our bathroom and the other on the balcony! our view of the ocean was wonderful. we had the over-advantage b/c we are vacation club members so, check-in was different from regular visitors. check-in was a breeze, staff was friendly and courteous, internet access was available. information was readily availablethere was many to doSan Juan was greatgreat shops!the restaurants in Puerto Rico are great! very impressedit's nice to travel to Puerto Rico b/c u don't have to go through customs, etc...... which can be a headache, sometimesbetter rent a car while u are there! a taxi is expensive! really expensive!oh, and do the el yunque rainforest :)the downs- it rained off and on every single day we were there, the beach-rocky, not swimmingly.(?*not sure if that's a word- LOL)the resort is not all inclusive anymorei wish it was thoughThe phone in our room had some serious issues. lolHousekeeping came around a wee bit too early some days. I would go back to Puerto Rico but, I don't know if I would stay here againBut, the overall experience was A OK :)  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tpalep
<Content>Great stay I have been visiting Puerto Rico every month for the last 5 years. This might be the nicest overall property on the island. Even rivaling the famous Conquistador.The staff here are very friendly and seem to strive for great service. Somethng I can't say for the rest of the island.The property itself is beautiful. The rates during the summer are pretty reasonable, but they do get you on the food - a little pricey.Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stxvigirl
<Content>Relaxing Vacation The resort is beautiful. The facilities are well maintained. The lagoon pool was awesome- it has a swim up bar with great mojitos. There are three good restaurants. The bread at breakfast rocked. The boutique casino was also good to us. The rooms were more than we imagined. A great escape to paradise.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cranburytravel
<Content>Went for our Honeymoon and was very disapointed. I am a little late writing this review - Last year we took our honeymoon here. The place was beautiful, only thing is there was so much construction going on outside by the pool. I think they were building a new bar or something. Every single day we went out by the pool all we heard were jack hammers and on the other side they were building new condos. So between the jackhammers and the forklifts we didnt really get to relax to much. We tried to voice our opinions about this but the staff didnt seem to care and only tried to sell us timeshare properties. Which would have been great and we would have been interested in but why should we buy if we are not getting treated right? We met some friends while our stay there and all the other couples we met were not happy at all with their stay. Its ashame because it was our honeymoon and I thought this place was going to be so relaxing - but was not. In the past year I have been traveling and have recently become a travel agent - I just wish I could recommend to my clients this place but since the staff did nothing for me (like TONS of other places have when there has been issues - like noise) I cannot and will not recomend this property to anyone. It just would have been nice for them to do something for us instead of ignoring us.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	5	5	2	1	1	

<Author>reichspot
<Content>Mixed on the Gran Melia We booked our stay with Gran Melia's Royal Service, which includes a private check-in and lounge and pool, cabanas and a butler. When we first arrived we were taken to a room that wasn't ready, so we were moved. It took more than 1 1/2 to get a new key- so we were stuck in the room. The room was beauitful. Large, comfortable bed, flat-screen TV, ocean view and a jacuzzi on the balcony. I'm a big movie fan and we didn't have the movie service the entire stay. Too, our room wasn't cleaned 3 of the four nights we stayed. Because it is a resort between San Juan and Farjado, without a car, you are stuck eating at the hotel. They have 4 restaurants, including the pool grill. In the evening, your only choice is a full dinner. Not always my choice on vacation. I would have loved somewhere to get a burger and a beer. In the restaurants, which are expensive, everytime we chose an entree, they were out of it.The beach is beautiful. Bring beach shoes to protect your feet. It's great for walking and exploring the tide pools.The woman who did my manicure was nice, but it was the worst manicure and pedicure I've ever had. I could tell she was trying to do well, but she was just filing and painting. I doubt she was trained.We listened to the 90 minute sales pitch for the time shares for the free 1 hour massage. Seemed to go ok until the used car sales tactics at the end of the presentation. Casino not as nice as I thought it would be, but the real nickle slots are fun.As I said, its a mixed review- some things were nice, some need improvement. All in all, too expensive for what it was.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>mseeke
<Content>So much (wasted) potential What a beautiful place, but they really need to tweak a few things if I were to reccomend it to anyone.I was there on a business conference for the week. My girlfriend joined me on Friday night and we stayed until Monday morning.During the week, I was very busy and didnt really notice anything one way or another, other then the sheer beauty of the resort.We checked in late Saturday night and I was floored. The lobby smelled and looked amazing. I almost couldnt contain my excitement that THIS is how I was spending a week at work. Turns out they really need to address a few things.YOU FEEL LIKE A HOSTAGE:RENT A CAR! They charge you rediculous amounts of money to take a cab anywhere off the resort. I was tempted to walk to the nearest grocery, but the driveway is like 4 miles long. I would have felt a little better about the whole thing if I had control over where I could go. Plus, they charge by the person to go anywhere ($80 each way per person to old san juan), which sucks. I actually spent $120 for a 10 min trip to the rainforest (which was cool), but again overpriced.THE FOOD IS MEH:There is not a whole lot to choose from and it is very overpriced. I do not mind spending $30-$50 on an entre, but the food was only so/so. The pool bar is your best bet for the price, but it is only so/so. I have been to Puerto Rico a couple of times and the food is one of the true highlights the island has to offer. I was really dissipointed I did not get to show my girlfriend how good Puerto Rican food really is. Again, if it wasnt so crazy expensive to get a cab out of there, I could have taken her to many better places to eat. I actually played a few hands of blackjack for the free sandwich (hot ham and cheese) which unfortunately was just as good as anything else I had.My girlfriend did get the seabass one night and liked it.KIDS ARE EVERYWHERE:Be prepared...INCONSISTENT SERVICE:Sometimes it was good, sometimes not. We once ordered our food and never saw are waiter ever again. We got our food from the sushi chef and our check from the manager...no lie. Expect to wait a good 15 min for your check wherever you go.The maid service was strange. At times they were overbearing and could not comprehend that I left a DND sign on my door all day. I was working and by myself, I really didnt need any pillow fluffing. But a 2 maids and a large man visited my room in the span of two hours to see if i wanted service. By the time the weekend hit, I came back to my room at 4pm and nothing was done. Very strange indeed.THERE IS NO BEACH:Just know that and accept it.Overall, I did not have a bad time. I spent one full day at the pool and it was lovely. The pool is spectacular. Its big and the has tile lounges that sit half in the pool. My pina colada was delicious and my sunburn was worth it. The senery is to be marveled at, I was really blown away by the beauty of the place.Unfortunately, I felt they were getting me comming and going. I dont mind spending money for good food and good times, buit you know that feeling when you feel as if your being ripped off a little and there is no doubt I felt that way. (You know its bad when you are pocketing food from the breakfast buffett for lunch! lol) If the resort was all-inclusive (i have seen here that it used to be) it would be really nice, but Puerto Rico has too much to offer to be held hostage on a resort with mediocre food.Please Grand Melia, You are so close...fix the problems please.PA  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	5	3	3	2	

<Author>newtod
<Content>Not the best I went with a friend as a last getaway before I got married (a more chill 'bachelorette' weekend) and we debated between staying at the Gran Melia and the Ritz...big mistake choosing the Gran Melia. They started off acting like you were very special (we put down the extra $$ to get royale service - definitely not worth it) and took you on a tour of the grounds before your butler dropped you off at your room. We went to dinner at their italian restaurant because the sushi place was closed for the evening and there were about three other couples there and no outside dining. The next day we kept making reservations for the sushi place but each night we would show up and they would say that it was closed and would be open the next day - with all of the so called royal service we paid for, wouldn't someone contact your room and let you know that your dinner plans were cancelled? Also, we kept getting snubbed by the Royale service - no one was in communication with anyone else. We called three times to get these special pillows they offer for their guests and each time they said they were on their way but we never received them. I felt like i was staying at a poser luxury resort. They also give you the royale service that has appetizers and drinks from 6-9. the appetizers didn't come out until 6:30 and it was a plate of crackers with some sort of olive paste... not my idea of appetizers since you get that for free at the italian restaurant. Also, the crowd was less than exciting - one night we were at dinner (the same place we had breakfast - depressing in and of itself) and a clown came over and started doing tricks for us - super awkward. the only good thing about this place was that with the royale service you get access to their RS private pool and extra towels (if you don't have RS you have to keep a card and get one very warn towel to use per day and you have to give it back or else they charge you $30) you can try to snag for free one of their palapas - however, they didn't even bring over water which i was surprised at as most luxury places in hot areas (carribbean, phoenix, california) have pitchers of cold water.All in all we'll be staying at the Ritz (same price) next time as I know they know how to treat customers.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>priscilla568
<Content>great food,great service,beautiful,beautiful atmosphere Puerto Rico,Gran MeliaTo Whom It May Concern:I cannot express the wonderful experience I shared with my daughter who treated me to this wonderful vacation here in thisbeautiful hotel.Food was wonderful ,Service excellent,Atomosphere beautiful.I will tell all of my experience to everyone and anyone whowill listen.thanks again!!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTtravelgirl
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly Just got back from a 5 day stay and in retrospect, I really should've paid better attention to the not-so-hot reviews on Trip Advisor. I booked it because the resort looked beautiful online and I got what I thought was a really good deal. But unfortunately, I can only give the experience a 2 out of 5 rating. The Good: The grounds of the resort are undeniably beautiful. Large, lush and quite romantic...and it's easy to find a quiet little spot as long as you're away from the pool. That's about the extent of the good... The Bad: The food was WAY overpriced for mediocre quality. I'm always prepared to pay a lot for resort food on vacation- but this was ridiculous, especially considering that it wasn't even very good. The pool was loud and crowded. The beach was pretty much non-existent...it's certainly quiet there, but too much sea grass to swim. The rooms were just ok with myriad problems (ants in the room, safe didn't work, clogged tub drain, sink stop broken, etc). The kinds of things a nicer resort would ensure were all in working order BEFORE check in. Also, the golf carts that were supposed to shuttle you around the resort seemed to never be around...we ended up walking everywhere and it takes a good 15 minutes to get from your room to your car. The parking is another nightmare. Hard to find a spot, very tight, overpriced, far away and a pain to have to get your card validated everytime you leave.The Ugly: The service was AWFUL!! The hotel lost our reservation...even after I had confirmed 3 days prior to arrival! After an hour of arguing with the front desk, we finally got a room...but the price was nowhere near the rate/package I had booked online. It was a nightmare...and the front desk reception was the rudest, most difficult staff I've ever had to deal with. Consider yourselves warned...In conclusion, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It was ok...but given the rate I ended up paying...I would've been better off at the Ritz, Marriott, Intercontinental...anywhere but here.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>carlos_a_c
<Content>Thi Hotel Is Beautiful But... The hotel is gorgeous and Ttheir rooms are big and beautiful,even do they gave us the room late (2 hours late) and then wrong romm(it was already occupied??? ),the spa is really excellent the best thing in the hotel for me.they need more employees and with some sense of humanity, i'm not saying that all of them are like that because some of them gave and excellent service, the service of the carts is perfect but there were some employees will pass by you and would not ask where you where going...The hotel needs employees that entretain the guest whit some good shows.The problem is that like us we like to go to diffrent hotels here in the island and out and we compare them and it's not the same attention.I hope you can work this because is a really nice hotel and we will like to go back if we know its better.THANK YOU.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>leasing1
<Content>Amazing! I recently stayed at this hotel for a special trip with my mother. The people here are so friendly, helpful and respectful. The Spa is one of the best I have ever been to and the grounds are absolutley beautiful. Room service is great and with in 30 minutes. The Pool and pool bar was our favorite. This hotel is very close to the rain forest and there is a lot to do right at the hotel where you don't have to even leave the resort. If you are looking for an amazing relaxing get away, I would definitley recommend this resort. Just for the staff alone - they make you feel so welcomed and that you are truley on a vacation!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JTCBMN
<Content>Absolutley Gorgeous The resort is gorgeous. We stayed on Memorial Day weekend.We booked 2 Garden View rooms. Room 0810 and 0811. It was my dad, my sister and I. Our maid service was great. Very nice lady. We had no problems in our room, no bed bugs, room was clean. Always a fresh supply of towels. They have balinese beds everywhere inside the hotel and outside by the pool. The nightlife was good. The people working at the resort were courteous and helpful. Our bellman Jose was a definate cutey and sweet. The beach itself is small and natural. it is part of an ecological system and they do not disturb it by raking the sand. They let nature take its course in the cleaning process. It is great for trekking and exploring the nature of it. It is very long to walk and discover the sealife and plants. The room service is quick and is actually cheaper than the restaurants itself. We ordered it twice, the Turkey Club Sandwich and Alfredo pasta was good. The pool water was warm like a bathtub, it was soothing . The spa was beautiful, we were running late for our treatements by ten minutes and they still took us. Our massages were excellent and use of the hydrotherapy was fantastic. They provided us with great service. Our Massueses were Tahiri and Reuben and both were excellent. Very professional. Tahiri was soft gentle and Rueben applied good pressure and worked out those knots.Overall, we had an excellent time. I wouldnt hesitate to come again.......pictures to come.......  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnchantedVacations1
<Content>Absolutely awesome! I am a travel agent and stayed at the Gran Melia from May 6-11th, 2008. My husband and I, and my son and his wife were celebrating my 60th birthday. We were very impressed with the astonishing beauty of the resort, the service, the rooms, the gorgeous pool areas, etc. Admittedly, the food and drink prices were very high, but we still found that the quality was very good. We rented a car and would suggest this as a great alternative to find more affordable restaurants for those interested in saving money. Since I was celebrating my birthday, Gran Melia made a genuine attempt to make this a special occasion and indeed it was. I have read several negative reviews on the Gran Melia, but other than the cost, as a travel agent, I would not hesitate to recommend the Gran Melia to my clients. In fact we plan on going back to Gran Melia at the end of the year.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lconyers
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful This was our honey moon and the perfect place for lovers to share everything. The service is absolutely wonderful and attentive. The facilities are gorgeous and serene.May was the perfect time because we had easy access to everything without a lot of people. You must experience this place and the hospitality.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MJRTZ
<Content>Great Hotel The Gran Melia Hotel is absolutely beautiful. We visited El Yunque tropical rainforest and bathed in the waterfall. It was excellent. The hotel in itself is well manicured and the staff very friendly. The rooms were very nice and spacious, although the tub in the bathroom was a bit below standard. There were also some minor details that were not completely cleaned; very good overall. The pool is magnificent. The beach is pretty much unusable. We went to Luquillo beach 10 minutes away and had a great time. The food in the hotel is EXPENSIVE and just average. Rent a car and right on the main road there are many local and american restaurant chains. You will save about $700 during the week with 3 people dining. The casino is small and not really great. It's just there.The beds are comfortable and the area very SAFE. It was very relaxing. I will recommend this as the best hotel in Puerto Rico based on the five that I have stayed in prior trips.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>CaribbeanVacationn
<Content>Great trip - better than expected Just returned from the hotel. Much better than expected after reading some negative reviews before I booked. Resort was not busy at all and we felt as if we were on our own private island. Accommodation was clean, very comfortable and upscale, and much better quaility than my recent trip to the DR. Sol Melia does a good job with the ambiance and general chic decoration of all public areas and rooms. Hotel is no longer all inclusive, BUT, we had the breakfast buffet and never eat lunch. Food was excellent in the restaurants. There is a walk from some of the further villa units, but there are golf carts that will whizz you around. We booked online and were given a promo code to use that took $200 off the value of the vacation. Some type of sale. They say it has never been cheaper to go to Puerto Rico and this 4 star hotel. We had a great time.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ATLBeauty
<Content>Nice Time, but...T I stayed at the Gran Melia May 2nd - 6th. A friend and I went to enjoy a relaxing few days for his birthday. First, I must say that everyone must view each person's comments as relative. As it is relative to how many other places and experiences you can compare this to. Also, you CANNOT compare some place else to your own home comfort, especially when you are visiting another culture or country. Each culture and country are very diffrent especially when it comes to food. I would only agree with one thing and that is that service should be at high standards no matter where you go. Remember, your ATTUTUDE can predict what type of service you receive. We did not have a problem with service.All if this to say, The Gran Melia was a nice resort, however, it is a little distant from some things you may want to do, (so rent a car - cheaper from the airport). The rooms were a little musty, however I always take scented candles everywhere I travel as you just never know and I have had a smokers room. The people were very nice. As with any place, you can have a hit or miss with service, but we did not experience and bad service. Now, I will agree with one thing, the food was pretty bad. However , we rented a car and was able to get out and about , which we enjoyed a lot. We did enjoy the habachi restaurant, but we knew what to expect there. No it was not sauce on everything, but if you are looking for healthy eating this is not the place. Try this type of restaurant in your home town to see if this is something you like. I cannot say that this place was anymore expensive than any other resort /place I have visited, St. Lucia, Grand Cayman, Bahamas, hell, Miami to name a few. Again, that is relative to what you feel is expensive. To some, $2.50 for a hamburger is expensive; yes it is if you are only are use to eating on the dollar menu. Yes, it was not a beach resort, however some places in Hawaii is the same way.Lastly, we left our I-pod there. I called and they had it and sent it to me. They made an effort to get it to me quickly.I would stay again.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Merchants08
<Content>Extremely disappointing experience Perhaps the most disappointing vacation our family has ever taken- The inefficiency, incredibly poor service, mold in the room, faulty equipment and failure to respond to these problems made this experience extremely disheartening- Add in the healty cost of the staying at the resort and the anxiety and disappointment becomes almost Biblical in its scope- Would not return to this property if the trip were free-!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovePR1
<Content>Loved it... We stayed at the Grand Melia from April 23rd until the 1st of May. After reading reviews on this site I too was a little hesitant about what our experience would be like, but after arriving my concerns vanished. Not to discredit previous reviews, but I find it odd that not once did I hear anything about 鈥渂ed bugs鈥?during our stay from the 30 other guests that were staying here. When you visit a tropical island there are mosquitoes and bugs that come out, especially after rain. Some people may confuse these bites as 鈥渂ed bugs.鈥?Anyways, from the moment we arrived everyone treated us with a warm smile. There was one minor incident where we needed something brought to our room. I was told that it would be there in 5 minutes, and after waiting a little longer than that I decided to call the front desk again. They quickly apologized and immediately sent the item over to our room. Other than this, everything was perfect. The employees quickly remembered our names and greeted us every time they saw us. It was a very relaxing stay. I would also like to add that after reading reviews on here, I don鈥檛 understand why people continue to complain about taxi rides into town or to the airport. If you plan on venturing out of the hotel, like we did, save your self some time and money and rent a car. Thrifty offers medium cars at $25 a day. We enjoyed driving to Luquillo everyday, to enjoy the fresh coconuts with a couple of empanadas. The beauty of this hotel is that it is away from the city, but still accessible with a car or taxi ride鈥?I will defiantly return to the Gran Melia in the future!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>eddievelasquez
<Content>Ruined my honeymoon Disgusting rooms, previous travelers room service tray stayed by our door for 5 hours. Employees were rude and didn't care about our requests. Toilet flooded bathroom twice. $50 to go 5 miles down the road. $80 to San Juan airport. No bell boy to help us. Food was cold, overfried and disgusting. Grease and old food on ice tongs, mold on ice bucket. Never Again at this resort.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>jen82898
<Content>Bedbugs!!!!!!! I just got back from the Gran Melia in Puerto Rico and let me tell you it was a horrible experience. Yes the grounds are beautiful but it all ends there. The bungalows are infested with ants that bite. The rooms are dirty, dusty, moldy and stink of mildew. I went 3 days without any housekeeping, thank god there was a maid's closet right outside my room so I was able to take clean towels. I called 18 times and still no housekeeping, for 3 days! The service is despicable. To top it all off they have bedbugs. I am covered in welts on my arms and legs. They offerred me some ointment and to have housekeeping change my sheets. I dont think they understand that bedbugs live in the mattress. They were not at all helpful and truthfully could not care less. I travelled with a large group and there were about 30 people who also had bed bugs. I do not recomend this place to anyone, save your money and stay home.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DSantana
<Content>Bad experience I stayed with my family for several days. I was wanting to show my kids what the eastern side of Puerto Rico looks like. So we went sight seeing the El Yunque forest and so many other places around. Also enjoyed the pool at the hotel.Overall, we liked the setting, atmosphere and ambience. People were very cordial but keep in mind you are staying in a hotel.Yes, food and everything else was way pricy, I echo the complians of other reviewers.One thing was very dissapointing to us. The day we left, my daughter forgot her gold bracelet in the security box. We inmediately called (less than 2 hours after) and notified the security office. They promised us promp expedient service and follow up call. I am still waiting for that courtesy call of them. They were helpless and did not make any effort to provide extra help.For that reason, I would NEVER stay there again. If I recommend it, I would make it clear that it is not safe to leave anything of value around. Perhaps your car at the parking lot is better, even though it is dark as a moonlees night.D. Santana  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cavanlo
<Content>great place, loved it!! I am presently staying at the gran melia, and I have to say that we all were hesitant about coming here with all of the bad reviews that we were reading on the web site, but I can honestly say 110 percent, that this place is BEAUTIFUL, we have had nothing but nice people wanting to help us and get us drinks, and take care of us. We arrived on Thursday April 17 at about 2 am and the pull out couch in our room did not have sheets or blankets for my kids to sleep on, we called the front desk and within 5 minutes there were two ladies at my door with the sheets and blankets, and I told them that I would fix the bed, and they said no that they would do it, then they went and got ice for us, all of this at now about 2:30 am. I can't say enough about Rafil at the wet pool bar, he is the absolute BEST!!!!! We were playing volleyball down the beach a ways, and he came down with a tray of ice water for all of us, we had about 8 kids with us, and nobody told him to do this, he took it upon himself to do this. Manuel is another one that is great in the Royal Service lounge , he will get you whatever you want whenever. The only thing that I could agree with regards to some of what other people wrote was the restaurant service, we went to cafe solei and it took about 1 hour to get our salads, and the whole process took about 2 and half hours, and we had 9 kids with us. But you can eat up to 6 pm at the pool bar and that was great, you just tell Rafil what you want and he brings it right over to you, and your lounge chair. We are traveling with a group of 18 people and we all feel the same exact way. We all give it two thumbs up and like I said earlier we all can't say enough about Rafil at the pool and Manuel at the royal service lounge. Don't believe what other people are writing, it is them not this place, and we are from New York, we know good service.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mommy67massachusetts
<Content>looks aren't everything When we arrived at the resort the main building was beautiful, the pool was beautiful. When we got to our room, the floors were dusty, and the shower curtain had mold inside. The service just killed the whole beauty of the resort. Housekeeping could show up anywhere from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and never replaced the towels, face cloths or hand towels consistantly (2 one day 4 another....), same with the toiletries. By the pool all employees would be standing around in the wet bar waiting for us to go order drinks from them rather than them coming to us for our business. As a matter of fact, my daughter did go to order a burger one day from the bar and they told her to come back in 15 minutes to get it! When I questioned the manager about it he was quite embarrassed. I don't know if this resort is all inclusive any more, if it is for some, we were not, and the staff needs to realize that they don't have everyone's money beforehand. There's still lots of money that can be made if they make an effort to treat their guests right.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BXPR
<Content>Hits and misses Gran melia grounds are beautiful. I enjoyed my stay but you really need to know what you are getting yourself into. Renting a car is a must. The prices of food are extremely high and you would be missing alot if you didnt venture outside the resort. There are some great typical puertorican restaurants up the road, such as antojitos and don pepe. Luqillo beach is also 10 mintues away. The service was hit or miss. Some people being extremely helpful while others were not. My biggest issue was the hour it took to check in due to an error between my cheaptickets reservation and the hotel. All in all if you are willing to get a car and venture out....its an enjoyable stay since the hotel itself is very pretty. The staff needs some re-training.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	1	3	4	

<Author>lucernoPuertoRico
<Content>valet parking service stole property left my car during the check in rush 2 days later there was property missing The windows and doors were intact so who ever did this used my own key!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>read_the_reviews_1st
<Content>Best hotel ever for families or couples       a 1' baby pool and 2' toddler pool!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cdd64
<Content>Beautiful Getaway I'm just really shocked of all the bad reviews and pettiness I've read prior to and after our visit to Gran Melia. Granted, there were some issues, but not major enough to complain about. We are people who realize nothing in life is ever perfect. We were not looking for the mistakes or mishaps during our stay as it seemed many who read these reviews and traveled there did. My husband and I travel quite a bit and have stayed in some wonderful places and we consider Gran Melia one of them. The resort is beautiful and very relaxing. We did not have a problem with the food. We ate both at the resort restaurants and outside of the resort. Yes, prices overall at Gran Melia were quite expensive, but I agree with the other reviewer that it's due to the importing of items. You have to pay for convenience. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Particularly Miguel from the concierge desk. He was very consistent in making sure our visit was comfortable. I do recommend that you rent a car because it's a great convenience to be able to explore towns and local restaurants outside of the resort. Miguel had recommended Pasion Por El Fogon in Fajardo (www.pasionporelfogon.net). It was excellent! In fact, we ate there 2 nights in a row. He also recommended Richies's in Rio Grande. Can't see how the one reviewer talked badly about it because it has a great view, menu and Ritchie was nothing but friendly and accommodating. Gina from the Avis desk was also a wonderful person and very helpful. My husband had mentioned it was my birthday and we were going to drive into Old San Juan for dinner. We talked about finding some good paella and she recommended Rosa de Triana, a place that she frequented often in Old San Juan. It's a great casual local restaurant which also has a Flamingo show. When we arrived, Gina was there dining and had arranged for the Flamingo dancers to sing happy birthday to me. Very special and sweet of her to do that for me. Gina was right, the paella was excellent. As far as the pool being too cold. Well, I don't know about you, but while I'm sun bathing in the hot tropical sun, I want a cool refreshing pool to step into, not a warm pool. The activity and towel center staff were also very accommodating. As far as the distance of the rooms and everything else in the resort鈥?we didn't mind the walking. There were carts to use but we found the walking a plus after having such wonderful and filling meals. Good advice as far as signing up as a Sol Melia member (which is free). It's gets you a 2 for 1 breakfast, as well as a discount off your restaurant tab. The drive into and out of the resort didn't bother us. Yes, there is construction near the resort itself, but that didn't take away from the beauty. We didn't use the Royal Service package and felt we really didn't need to. Our room had a partial ocean view and sat behind the Royal Service Pool, which was just fine. Very spacious and clean room. We never encountered any bugs, bites or attitudes and had a very pleasant stay. So, rest assure that you will enjoy yourself at this resort, unless, of course, you are one of those people who look for problems.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>aek
<Content>Work in progress I had visited with my spouse and 19 month old kid.Lobby decor - Wonderful. Commute from the main road to the resort - a little long. The road goes thorugh the golf club area, and ends in to the Gran Melia resort. Nice view and setup, but long distance from main road.Internal commute from the main lobby to the individual resort rooms - they have travel carts that take you back and forth between your rooms and the main parking/ lobby area, but wihout the carts and if you have to carry stuff to your rooms, it can be a pain.Restaurants- Internal 2/3 restaurants - A little expensive, but the food/ decor is ok.There is a inhouse casino, but I never went inside.Room - We did not have the ocean view room, but it was nice and quiet. Much bigger than the regular hotel room at a Days inn or likes. Bed was real comfy, and the room cleaning service was regular for the all 5 days that we stayed in the resort.Room service for food- Ok. No microwave in the room offered or available. There is a small refrigerator to keep maybe 5-6 beer bottles max. I personally thought the room service was a little expensive. 2X2 egg omelettes + tea = $45Beach - The resort has beach access to the coco beach, but corals and rocks are in abundance, so cannot go in the beach. So the beach access is pretty much only for the view. There is one area with net to play volleball. I think the Marriott next door seems a better option, and that does have a beach access with a beach that you can actually go into. Nice pool area, actually one of the best pools that I have in terms of size, layout etc. No hot water area or heated pool, so the water can feel much colder.Kid area- there is a kiddie pool and a playing area for kids, with slide, swing and toyhouse. There is also a parrot in the main lobby, my 19 month old loved this exotic bird :)They do have an AVIS rental office, so you can pretty much get picked from the airport and then rent your car from the AVIS office in the resort itself.People in the resort - Very friendly and warm. Tourist desk - they have tours to the El Yunque forest and other tours. They do have 2-3 people for tour desk information. The desk opens at 8am.Reception was nice - They did let us checkout late, even though the rooms were getting booked heavily because of the Puerto Rico open going on.Overall - A Nice resort, but like someone mentioned - it is still a work in progress.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Skye21
<Content>Paradise! This hotel is absolutely lovely! The decor and surroundings are beautiful. As with anywhere- it depends on what you're looking for. I went with 3 other people with varying tastes- and we all loved it. The restaurants are pricey- but excellent. The service is great. Really something beautiful to see....  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barslip
<Content>great location - horrible restaurants This property is stunning. I can't say enough about the beach, which is so large that we rarely saw anyone else. There was a lot of seaweed, but the ocean life swimming through it was amazing. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My only problem was the dining. The breakfast and lunch buffets were fine, however the dinners were the worst I have ever experienced. The first night we were there we had to share a single menu among two couples, and waited an hour and a half for any food. There was no bread, and we had not eaten sense breakfast. When they brought our food it was not what we ordered, but we were afraid it would take the rest of the night to get our correct meals. The second night made the first seem like fine dining. I won't go into more details, but I was actually embarrassed for the staff, and we were not the only couple to walk out of the restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Henri26
<Content>Fantasy Island       View from pool area  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKSurfandTravel
<Content>Staff are rude and incapable. The Hotel is fantastic! Great location, beautiful scenery, I really could not ask for more, however the staff are rude and incapable of providing the most simple of services. Room service 鈥?It seems impossible to have the correct order delivered within the hour. The room  bath room needed to be cleaned, one day we were left without any towels, and had to ask 3 times and wait 2.5 hours before we could have any delivered.This is a real shame as the location and hotel is beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	

<Author>ced2108
<Content>Amazing in every way! I can not believe what some people will complain about!  This place was amazing! I booked my destination wedding there without ever visiting and I was extremely nervous about it once I read the reviews! I had 20 guests in 10 rooms and not one of them had a complaint! They kept telling me how friendly everyone was (grounds crew, service staff...every one) and I agree! The food at the pool bar as good and reasonably priced for a resort...obviously people think they are going to Mexico where everything will be dirt cheap but this is America people and the prices are comparable..except remember it is an island so things have to be imported so they are more expensive. Stick to what is native, RUM, FISH, Plantains...etc and you will be ok.Yes, there were a few minor things that happened, such as my brothers room kept blowing a fuse with the AC but it was quickly fixed. You can't expect perfection but you can hope that any issue is resolved quickly and efficiently, and it was. As for people complaining about musty odors or a lack of shopping should go to the mall for vacation. It is an island, surrounded by water and guess what?...things get humid and damp. Try to remember you're on vacation and have to be a little less stressed and go with the flow. Rent a car and explore the island if you don't want to stay at the resort the whole time...it's not like they advertise being in the shopping district..stay in San Juan if that is what you are looking for...or go 7 minutes down the road and the is an entire outlet center!A few notes on other things: BEACH: natural wild life preserve, excellent for shelling and we did some fun snorkeling too. We found starfish, a living Conch, and sea urchnants. Don't plan on riding the waves...because there are none....if you have water shoes bring them, but enjoy the beach none the less! FOOD: we ate in all 3 restaurants and l liked them all. The Habachi was very fun and delicious, Italian, very good and The dinner buffet (Cafe Solie)- ok for adults but excellent for kids. We had two 10 year olds, a 6 year old and a 4 year old and they all ate well that night! For breakfast I skipped the buffet and just grabbed something from the Cart (Kisok)...it was a small wagon with juices, muffins, breads and eggs and coffee. All we needed.Pool BAR/GRILL - any one who complains about this has issues. There are lots of people and they serve you as quickly as they possibly can. You can see the guy cooking behind the bar so it's not like they are being lazy...just busy. And the drinks are about $10 but any one who has been to a resort knows this is the going rate! And they were strong and good. I recommend sticking with the Mojitos!!!!!!!!!! (rum, fresh mint, club soda and sugar)If you can, go with the Royal Service (but if you have kids you will probably stick to the main pool and thus not enjoy all of the benefits) but the special lounge, pool and little extras were really nice. My guests didn't have the Royal Service and they all still LOVED the place and all said they would return.Over all this place was beautiful, the staff extremely friendly, Very helpful (if treated respectfully!) and we had a great time.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LovetoVacationAlways
<Content>Nice Enough but there were issues... My husband and I just returned from Puerto Rico last week (2/23-2/27) and we were quite concerned with the Gran Melia after booking with CheapCarribean.com with some of the postings on this site. We were expecting the worse, but we had a great time nonetheless! Here are some of our experiences: The Good: - Beautiful property and friendly staff. Although, it was peak season in PR, the property was pretty empty so we enjoyed the resort immensely. - The Room: Although, they couldn't give us an upgrade since the resort was at capacity - the front desk agent was nice enough to put us in a room with a living room and kitchen! It was one of the nicer rooms we had stayed in for a while. We really enjoyed having the extra space and fridge to stock our snacks and refreshments.- The pool: Really nice and clean! Unlike other resorts we've been to, we didn't have to get to the pool extra early to fight for a chair. There were plenty of lounge chairs around the pool. The not so good: - The Food: We only had dinner one night at the Asian restaurant (we had Hibatchi) and were utterly disappointed. We had reservations at 8:00pm and didn't get seated until 9:15pm. We understand that the prices were going to be expensive considering we're at somewhat at a luxury resort, but the quality fo the food was just plain bad. Our hibachi chef smothered everything (we had steak and seafood hibachi) with butter and terayaki sauce. Our dinner for 2 people came out to around $110 including tip (not bad IF the food was decent). Word of advice - don't EAT in the resort. The other nights we ate in Old San Juan and Fajardo and had much better luck! - The Beach: All the complaints about the beach are TOTALLY warranted. There is NO BEACH. The sand is rocky and you can't really swim in the water since it's so shallow. My husband and took several day trips out to Luquillo Beach and Culebra - totally worth it. - The drive into the Resort: Waaaay too long. It will literally take you a full 15 minutes to drive from the entrance of the resort to the highway. Plus the ticket validation process is really annoying.All in All we had a great time! The resort served it's purpose as a place to sleep and chill out, since we were not at the resort most of the time. Renting a CAR is a MUST in PR (however DO NOT rent from THRIFT - we had a miserable experience with them when we left PR and they charged me 2x on my credit card).  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobInCleveland
<Content>So-So       Nobody in the cold pool.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	4	2	1	

<Author>Thisisstupid01
<Content>So much wasted potential... The one and two-star reviews on this site are accurate - BELIEVE THEM! The resort itself is beautiful and the grounds are expansive and well-kept. Unfortunately, the food is extremely disappointing and service is inconsistent at best. The staff was frequently inattentive and service took much longer than necessary in nearly every aspect of our stay (restaurants, bars, room service, housekeeping, checkout, etc.)The beach was a small and uninviting strip of sand covered in stones and jagged pieces of broken coral, so we stuck to the pool area, where we were subjected to a cacophonous racket from two different sources. While the poolside grill blared salsa music over their PA system, the activity hut speakers alternated between Latin-flavored techno and a live singer performing a hackneyed karaoke routine for anyone who happened to be within a 100-foot radius. Imagine listening to one radio station in your left ear and another in your right and you'll get the idea.With the quality of the beach notwistanding, the Hotel Gran Melia could be an amazing resort destination if the management were overhauled and the staff were rigorously trained to focus more on the needs of its guests. Unfortunately, the current lack of customer service makes this place nothing more than a waste of money. We actually received better service and had a more relaxing time when we stayed at the Courtyard by Marriot directly across from the airport last year - for about 25% of the price.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HateGrandMelia
<Content>The WORST hotel in Puerto Rico First got in before checkin (3:00) and told the room was not ready (understandable) told our room was next to another couple who also traveled with us (we each have 2 kids) and had an ocean front view (all was on our confirmation). We went back to the desk at around 2:30 told not ready they are still cleaning up the adjoining rooms. Went back at 3:00 told to wait 10 more minutes for the adjoining rooms to be ready. Went back 15 minutes later told the rooms would not be ready for at least 2 more hours. They did not offer us hospitality suites. Also, told the rooms were not adjoining and not ocean front. They did nothing for us and made us feel like an outsider (if you know what I mean). The so-called manager at the desk basically made us feel like you are here and there is nothing else you can do so deal with it. Well we did and went somewhere else and the staff bent over backwards to help us. I would recommend staying at a hotel that actually has a beach and a staff that wants to help people who pay a lot of money to be relaxed not annoyed.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>martaharii
<Content>We'd return to the Gran Melia anytime!       beautiful pool, clouds and El Yunque in background  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>longislandtravelalot
<Content>Could have been better For the record, I am not one to complain. I travel every Winter, and Spring Break, with my children. I like to visit new places and usually go for the All Inclusive type of resorts. I have been to too many places where you get a $2,000.00 surprise at the end of the stay. Guess what? I received a $2,300.00 surprise from the Garn Melia.Having relied so heavily on reviews from this site, I felt compelled to write about my experience. I realize that I am to expect a few problems, but this place was riddled with problems. To be fair, the staff is friendly and they seem to care. The problem is that no one corrects their mistakes. They make the same mistakes over and over. Here are my complaints:* Restaurants are totally mismanaged. This is not an inexpensive resort. To make a family wait (2.0 hrs) for dinner is unconscionable. I complain, they apologize and the next night I wait 1.5 hours, after our reservation, just to get a table. 20 minutes b4 someone takes a drink order, and so goes the story. The only place that we did not have a problem was in the Italian restaurant (Tiempo). Our reservations, in that restaurant, were for 6pm, which is when they opened, so everything went smooth there. * Even though the Resort was close to capacity, they only had a small area of the main eatery (Cafe Sole') opened. The line for the omlette station, and the line for the prepared food, was the same. One moring, it took us 45 minutes just to get prepared eggs. I resented spendind so much time waiting.* The kids camp was haphazard. Waste of money...Although Chritine was a very nice person. It's unfortunate that I cannot say trhe same about the management.* There is no real beach here. You have to swim out about 100 yards to get to an area where it is deep enough to swim. BEWARE!!! You have to swim through grass that smells like sulfer, and coral beds, before you get to an area that is 4' in depth.* One of my boys became sick on the first day. We went to see the Doctor and he needed a prescription. They told me that there was a $50.00 chage just to pick up the medicine. The charges weren't an issue. My son needed his medicine. We saw the Doctor at 10:45 AM. They told me to expect a (1) hour wait for the amoxicillan. After about 2.0 hours , I tried to call, but no one answered the phone. I called the front desk and asked to speak to a manager. A few minutes later, a security guard came to my room and told me that the prescription, and service charge to pick it up, had to be prepaid. No one explained that to me when we saw the Doctor. So I promptly gave the security officer the cash and he told me to expect a 20 minute wait. That was at 1:15-1:30. After a few hours, I called the front desk to complian. I received the prescription at 5pm. The label from the phamacy had a computer generated labeling system that indicated the prescription was filled at 11:42AM. Since it needed to be refrigerated, and it was warm when I got it, I realized that these folks didn't care about us. I even tipped an extra $20.00 to expedite the process. This situation really upset me.* Since my flight was a late arrival, I called the night b4 to confirm that there would be someone to pick us up, and our rooms were confirmed. Guess what? When we were at the airport, there were reception people from every other hotel, except ours. I called the hotel, spoke to Angel, and he told me that the shuttle stopped running for the night. I took a van ($100.00) and was promised reimbursement...Never happened! In fact, upon check out they tried to charge me for an extra night on one of my rooms. Since I had prepaid through my travel agent, I complained. They told me they would reverse the charges. Let's see if that one happens. They even charged me for the internal calls to check on my son's prescription. ($2.00/call)* The spa was my only solace here. Sharon was a great massage therapist, and her treatments probably kept me from losing my cool.If you like terrible service, mediocre food, and a facilty that looks half closed, then this is the place for you. Any questions? You can email me at jvsodano@aol.com  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>w/thekids
<Content>More than I expected I was pleasantly surprised when I got to the Gran Melia. I had read some of the reviews and was expecting the worst. Since we got a great deal I figured we would give it a try. The hotel is beautifully decorated and very romantic at night with all of the candles. (though a bit dark) Our room was big, clean. It was cleaned daily. The pool was a bit cold but I found that in other hotels in PR. The only problem with this hotel is the service in the restaurants. They are SLOW!!!! Waiting an hour for lunch is ridiculous when you have hungry kids to feed. The place is pricey but as is expected. The breakfast at Cafe Soleil was bad but dinner there was very good. Their crab cakes are delicious. The people at conceirge were extremely pleasant and really go out of their way to help. We rented a car so getting around was not a problem. Richie's is a nearby restaurant that they suggest which is just as slow as the hotel in their service. Food was o.k. Would I go back? yes if I got a good price. The grounds are big but nothing out of the ordinary. You do not have to wait for a cart. Walk your on vacation and the weather is great.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>intrepidious
<Content>Both good and bad... The property is very pretty, even though the road to get to it is long and full of construction work. I have seen a number of reviews here complaining about the expensive food - I think everyone should realize that this is a premium property, and that prices are not cheap. $22 for the breakfast buffet, and $38 for the Italian dinner buffet. Lunch is OK with about $20 a head at the poolside cafe. If you don't want to pay so much for food, rent a car at the airport and drive in, so you can go off property to eat. But mind you, it is $20 a day for the valet and $15 for self-park.One huge complaint - the waiter in the Italian buffet altered the bill to give himself a $35 tip when I had clearly marked only $15 - I pointed this out when I was checking out, and the reception desk tried to brush it off. After I insisted, they spent 30 minutes of my time looking for the signed bill from the restaurant. Of course they couldn't find the bill because the cheatin' waiter didn't dare to send it to the reception. He was clearly hoping I wouldn't notice the extra tip in the overall bill. The idea that I would tip $35 at a buffet is ridiculous, and eventually they refunded me the difference. So watch those bills closely. I suggest you write the tip in words on the receipt underneath the numbers, so they can't rip you off. Really left a bad taste as we were leaving, but otherwise the stay was fine.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ross6585
<Content>Gran Melia -- Overrated and Overpriced As an avid traveler, I can not recommend this property or see that it has any redeaming qualities. To begin with, the service was slower then (in all areas of the hotel) any hotel at which I have ever stayed. Lunch by the pool, typically took about an hour to complete. In my book, to wait 45 minutes for a hamburger and fries is unacceptable. While we are on the food, the breakfast buffet was horrible, lunches were ok, and the dinners were somewhat above average, but very expensive for a hotel that at best is a two star property. Half of the amenities and dining facilities were closed and I couldnt get a straight answer as to why (my guess is that with few people at the hotel, they were saving on the cost of staffing). The rooms were reasonably well appointed, but the downside were the pillows and linens were terrible and I spent sometime killing spiders in my room. Finally, dont even think of going to the casino -- its a joke.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A_very_old_student
<Content>Beautiful resort, and tasty food, a little expensive       The swiming pool  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>micatrump
<Content>Deeply Disappointed! The Good: Beautiful resort with outstanding outdoors. Very romantically lighted at night. Good sports activities during the day, including yoga and pilate lessons performed outdoor in beautiful marble/wedding chappel style dome. Very relaxing.The Bad: Filthy rooms! The visually beautiful room was filthy and it smells like humidity all weekend long. Marble floors, luxurious bathroom and extra large tub lacked of detealing cleaning.The Villas are far from the main building, you need to wait for the golf car/taxi service to get around. There is no night life, no shopping and restaurants are ridiculously pricey and closed most of the time. You need to rent a car to get into town. The Ugly: Lack of service! For two consecutive days, they didn't clean our room. After our third complain with the housekeeping manager, they sent a crew at MIDNIGHT only to make our bed and to set the bathroom with clean towels. It was a nightmare. The Worst: We never got an apology from the hotel management, although they promised one. No one took responsability for the lack of service. We can't understand how such a beautiful, luxurious and expensive resort didn't deliver these basic essential services. At the end, they told us that there was nothing they could do to make our experience a better one. Deeply disappointed!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonBostonTravel
<Content>Perfect! This is a great place to have a vacation, and I would recomend it to anyone. The rooms are beautiful, the staff is very attentive and professional, and the weather is perfect!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mi48301
<Content>Nice Get Away I would say that just about every reviewer has this right. It all depends on why you are going here. You would probably hate this place if you are looking for night life and high energy. You would think it was pretty bad if you just wanted a beach to swim in. But if you are looking for a beautiful or romantic place to relax, you may have found a gem. I took my fiance for a long weekend, and it was a lovely experience.THE GOOD: We had an ocean front suite with the jacuzzi tub. The main area of the hotel is very beautiful, lots of marble, candles lit every night, open air, fountains everywhere. The royal service pool was perfectly quiet, we had an amazing bed looking out at the pool and the ocean just beyond. We enjoyed the fact that the pool workers weren't coming over every 15 minutes asking for another drink order. When we wanted something it was a short walk or an armwave. We ate at the Asian restaurant and watched the cook on the grille in front of us. Fun to watch, fun to meet people, and the food was just fine. Cafe Soliel had a great breakfast buffet that would tide you over until dinner if you ate around 11:00. The grounds are nice, above average but not like a Ritz or Four Seasons.The service was acceptable, nothing special but certainly not to the point of complaining. When we wanted to go off site for a local dinner, our butler, Marcos, recommended TACO RICO, which is just east of the resort road on 3, past the shell station about 2 blocks. You will probably pass it the first time, but it is worth the trip! We were the only non-locals and the owner is the only one who speaks english. They do not serve alcohol, but if you want a beer or wine, the owner will go to the bar down the street and get it for you. The food is awesome...let the owner set you up with appetizers and your meal! You won't regret it! The BAD and UGLY: While the beach is very picturesque, everything you have read on previous posts is true. It looks great! But what is pictured is like a hard clay with lots of rocks and coral that they groom in the morning so it looks a little like sand. Gorgeously landscaped, with chairs and hammocks but not very friendly to bare feet. There is a line of rocks that separates this clay beach from the sand beach. The sand is very coarse and is more like broken shells than sand. If you have water shoes or plastic flip flops, this is a nice beach to walk, and you can go pretty far. We were with people who saw an octopus, an eel, and a manta ray in the water from walking on the beach. I think you could have some fun and see some fish snorkelling here as long as you don't need the water to be really deep and sandy, but unfortunately the one day we tried, the water was too cloudy.The only other complaint is that the road into the resort is long and with a lot of construction. It detracts from the beauty of the resort to see all the dirt and mud and the lack of landscaping. Overall we had a super relaxing experience. Went to the rain forest and walked to see mina falls and tall tree trail. Saw Luquillo beach where people were surfing on giagantic waves, and spend a lot of time reading books and enjoying the sounds of the surf at the resort. And enjoyed some sunsets over the tree line to the west. Finding the information about the $250.00 food credit on the puerto rico forum pages made the food taste even better, since most of it was free! :)  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>pforgebobby
<Content>Not Worth The Price My wife and I stayed for five days in November, 2007. We were part of a conference booking, so that may have made our experience above that of the non-conference guest.The room was well below standards for the price. It was clean. The sheets didn't fit the bed and ended a foot above the bottom of the bed. The bath tub drain wouldn't seal -- a wash cloth helped there. The rooms are in separate buildings and are pretty far removed from the front desk. They have golf cart type vehicles that circle the sidewalks. They run on an irregular basis. We rode one to the room and walked the rest of the time.The hotel was probably less than 50% occupancy while we were there. The pool always had sufficient chairs/towels. The beach is very small. The part of it adjoining the pool is not wider than ten feet and has rough shells/rocks. The part of the beach down toward the more expensive rooms is wider and more sandy. There was plenty of room there in November. We had the beach to ourselves (the whole area) for most of one afternoon.BUGS! Thankfully none in the room. But the conference had a cocktail party on the grassy area between the beach and pool one evening and no-see-ums ate exposed skin. Take insect repellant with you! The store on property ran out and it was only available at the front desk at $10 a can. Don't expose too much skin -- that will help, too. The bugs were there during the day but not nearly as bad.The food IS expensive. We rate it 6 out of 10 overall.There was major golf course construction going on during our stay and the earth moving equipment ran all day long in sight of our room. They were trying to get ready for a major golf event. The pool gets an 8 out of 10. It was dirty near the swim-up bar -- an area that seems to attract debri.We would never stay there again. The bug bites were the biggest reason. My wife was sick for a week after our return.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonnydallas
<Content>Can't believe this place is still in business First the positives. This is one of the most beautiful resorts I have ever been too. Now the rest. All food here carries a rediculous high price. Be prepared to spend $1000s a week for a family of four just on food. If you rent a car you could go into town and eat but you can never bring anything back without being stopped by security to check you bag or package. There are signs that state no outside food or drink. If you have been to an all inclusive resort in Mexico be prepared for disappointment unless you have unlimited funds.I remember a beer was $6 and soda $4. If any of the restaurants are open which usually they are not be prepared to spend about $50 per person for dinner without drinks. Lunch and breakfast are the biggest problem though. I have never spend $30 on lunch before just for a sandwich and drink.Scan you bill on check out as we were finding the staff was writing an extra 1 in front of the tip amount we were writing so tips ended up being in the teens for a single beer.Finally since there were so few people staying there in August I assume they are hurting for more business. You would think they would attempt to attract more repeat business but with the prices they charge that is not going to happen.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>badluck
<Content>Very Good Experience After reading reviews of this hotel I was skeptical, but it was not at all like any of the negative reviews. The hotel and grounds are beutiful. The place was empty so it felt like we had the place to ourselves. The pool is great, especially the swim up bar. If you are a beach person, forget it, this isn't the place for you. The food was better than expected from the reviews. I live in NY and am used to great restaurants, it isnt 5 star gourmet, but it is better than what people said here. We ate the hibachi one night which was very good. we ate on the other side of Nami the next night and the food was good, but the service was lacking. If you just relax and have some drinks its not a big deal, you are on vacation. The sushi was excellent, very fresh. And one of the more creative lobster dishes I have had. as for the italian and steakhouse I cant comment.The breakfast buffet was fine, typical breakfast buffet. and lunch by the pool was fine as well. not gourmet, btu if you are getting sandwiches or a salad what do yuo expect? Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. They all want to help even if they can't figure it out. It took us awhile to locate a bottle of sunscreen when the shop was sold out. (at a carribean resort, explain that?)The one thing that did ring true from other reviews was the musty smell in the room. I have had this at other carribean resorts and chalk it up to the temperature outside. After 5 minutes its a non issue.All in all, it was a great experience and would go back.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mouskateer
<Content>Beautiful resort While the service is still a bit of an issue since they changed from all inclusive, the resort itself if beautiful. The pool is awesome, the royal service rooms are huge and the place in general is very clean. The whole beach thing did not bother us. I actually like the fact that it is a nature preserve. We tried to see the mantees but were not lucky in our search. Once they get the service issue resolved, this place will be fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	2	5	

<Author>Traveller99_8
<Content>A cruel $7000.00 joke! I brought my 21 year old daughter for a week of relaxing, good food and sun, so she could recharge her batteries before returning to her final semester in college. We arrived late on Thursday evening. By Sunday, I had hotel management on the phone to negotiate compensation for the lousy meals we were served since our arrival. I did, in the end, receive compensation for all meals except for the ones we ate at Nami (Asian bistro), which were average, but NOT NEARLY AS AWFUL as those from Cafe Soleil or Tempo. The word chef needs to be used with great care! The resort shouldn't call these people chefs. It is very misleading! If I sound obsessed about the food, it is because we had to endure 21 meals there. The Royal Service plan is a joke. One morning, I came in to the Royal Service lounge to find a young family grazing over the buffet of breakfast foods, eating while food dropped from the dad's mouth into the tray of food which was to be consumed by other guests. The cheeses were slimey and much of the cold food suffered time and temperature abuses galore! We were afraid to eat some of this. Without giving the details of each day, I will say this: Never go to this resort. You will be extremely disappointed with the service, food, and inconsistencies! The final slap in the face was the bill. Our week was consumed with stressing over what we would be able to eat. OH! And don't ask for the wine list. We did, and after many minutes of waiting, the waitress came back and said that they didn't have 75% of the wines listed. She was reluctant to to tell us this, but finally decided that I was not going to give up!The spa was also a joke. NOT CLEAN. The staff provided basic treatments, which were represented as much more than they really were. The skincare products were absolute crap. The special anti aging facial was $190.00 and was the most uncomfortable 80 minutes of my life, with a nervous gentleman administering the treatment, after not washing his very cold hands. Also, the spa hours are from 10 to 8, but try to book a treatment during the early morning or late afternoon and forget it. All the appointment times seemed to be between 11 and 3, which is prime pool time!We knew there would be no beach. The Royal Service Pool was nice. The only beer we had that was served COLD, was here. Leslie was the best pool guy in the bunch. Our butler, Manuel, was awesome too. But you just knew he couldn't right all of the wrongs at that place. So why complain to him?The Royal Service people (Veronica and Tamary) were helpful in negotiating our complaints with management. From the conversations we overheard at the pool and in the restaurants, many guests were flatly disgusted with what they had paid and the quality of what they received, if they received it at all! It was to the point where, each morning, we would say EXPECT NOTHING. Then, when something good happens, we will be happy!  We took a taxi to a seafood restaurant on the last night just to have edible food. The taxi was $120.00 and the meal as much. If you are a vegetarian, you will be miserable here. We do eat fish, but that is it as far as animal products. Ask for veggies and rice, and be prepared to take a potent diuretic the next day, as the use of salt was extreme.Most of the staff was friendly, but they seriously lacked communication, just forgot things, and were generally inconsistent with respect to the rules. The Royal Service Pool was to be restricted to children, no matter what. Yet, every day, someone would have a child under 16 there. This is an example of what I mean by inconsistent. I could go on and on about this.Basically, if you don't have enough frustration and stress in your life, come to Gran Melia Puerto Rico. By the end of your stay, your life will be completely full of it.The resort itself was beautiful. I will give credit where it is due. Our room had a funky yeasty, moldy scent, too. If I were given a free week here, I would return. That is the only way I would ever come back.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>fbusa
<Content>Huge New Year Disappointment My husband and I stayed for 3 nights in a Royal Suite room. We paid a supplement as we liked the concept of a separate 'adult only ' pool, newer room furnishings and separate business/cocktail 'lounge' area. In a large hotel we thought this would make the experience more for couples.We didn't use the pool as the staff did nothing about the children in the so-called adult pool (even though we mentioned it) and there were children in the lounge on the computers a lot of the time when the weather wasnt so good and they were bored.The New Year's Eve buffet was the worst we have had in a hotel - underwhelming and no desserts unless you paid extra - as posted on a sign on the counter only to be discovered when you had finished your entrees!! The atmosphere was like a bad cafeteria and no special decorations to make it feel like New Year's Eve.Actually all the hotel food was very poor overall- the new Asian has the best flavours but the service is terrible - . One night we ate off- site in desperation at a restaurant the concierge recommended called 'Bambu' - but be warned the food here is also poor and they operate a system of menus with different prices - we had one of each so obviously agreed to order from the lower priced-version!On the plus side the Royal Suite room is good with new mattress and is very comfortable - but the hotel need to sort out the other issues before they can justify the higher rate for this 'not-so-royal' experience.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>NYlaw54
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for just a long weekend and i wish we would have booked it for longer. We went in November and the resort was very uncrowded- very relaxing. Although the beach was just ok, the pool was excellent and the resort grounds were beautiful. The food was excellent and the rooms were very nice. Even thought its about an hour ride, I would recommend taking the trip into Old San Juan- a town with great little shops and restaurants. Definitely a must.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bdagrl
<Content>Loved Gran Melia - but pricey Gran Melia is a beautiful property - very south beach.. it was recently renovated so it is very trendy: bali beds by the pool, in the bar, etc. Price goes with this, as a can of beer is $6.. The hotel rooms were totally worth the price - spacious and very comfortable. The pool was great, with beds built in so you can lie in the pool - how cool?! I went thanksgiving weekend (fri - tues) and although busy over the weekend, far from crowded. Mon and Tues were downright empty (we were the only people at the bar on Mon night). Dont expect a beach though, even though right on the beach, there is not much of a beach (the water comes right up to the grass).. Overall, I loved this place, and totally will visit again. The staff was amazing. BUT with the pricey drinks and restaurants, make sure you have a car or you'll be stuck eatting at the same places every day. If you're looking for places to eat - check out Kiosk #2 in Luquillo, Rosa's seafood in Fajardo, and Mamacitas in Culebra..  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RonDc
<Content>Loved the Hotel We had a really good time at the Gran Melia.The Rooms are nice and spacious. We ended up getting rooms beside each other and were able to open the doors in between. Obviously, that might only appeal to some people. Both rooms were large, had fridges and pull out soft-beds. Both rooms also had balconeys.The hotel is really spread out .. and is resort/bunglow style. This isn't a problem as there are golf cart chartering people from their rooms to the pool, reception, whereever. The pool is huge and beautiful. Has a lot of play areas and also a few secluded spots. The wet bar was our favourite spot.The main problem is that this hotel is really far from San Juan and really in the middle of nowhere.The only other problem is that the beach is almost non-existent.Beware of lizards in the grass, etc. But hey, isn't that just a part of being in Puerto Rico.Will return.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	1	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Randibeth
<Content>lovely resort just got back from this resort, my sister and i went there for a last minute trip. we booked through my parents vacation club, but were not given special 'royal' treatment (and it's not necessary to pay extra for it if you don't have it, really not a big deal at all to have). the resort is lovely. very well kept, very pretty property. there is NO BEACH. but you have a perfect view of the ocean from the pool and can go down on the rocks and collect shells.we rented a car and did day trips and ate out except for one night we ate at the Asian bistro. it was fine. nothing to complain or rave about, but it was expensive. if you do have a car, buy your alcohol elsewhere and bring in. we learned that lesson by spending $6 on a beer the first day...we then went to the supermarket and bought a 6 pack for $4 and change and kept it on ice at the pool.everyone is nice, the rooms are beautiful....  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SLIMFLAQUITA
<Content>Loved it, didn't want to leave Our stay at the Gran Melia was excellent. It was by far the best experience I have had in my travels to Puerto Rico.This hotel is more like a 10 star resort, although it is rated at a 5 star. The decoration in the hotel were elaborate, yet exquisite. The service from beginning to end was exceptional.The only negative is that if you stay on the hotel side, you have to pay $15 per day for parking. Also, their casino is okay, but a lot smaller than others on the island.However, we enjoyed ourselves so much that we purchased a villa in the vacation club. It won't be ready until 2009, but we definitely plan to visit again well before then.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>12TravelGuy
<Content>Read the reviews before you book. The other people here that have complained about the service and the food are right on the money. Bottom line, the service really stinks when it comes to food and drinks. The front desk and maid service staff was fine. The bartenders were rude, very slow and not interested in service of any kind. Absolutely terrible. We ate in all of the restuarants and some of them were really really bad, and the others were just plain bad. $125 for a dinner for two, and I could have gotten a better meal anywhere else in the world.It is a beautiful resort with nice grounds and an awesome pool. (forget trying to get a drink at the swim up bar though) There is no beach. If you do venture out into the ocean, it is completely covered in slimy sea weed. I cannot imagine that the management of this resort does not see what is going on at this property. It would be so easy to fix this place by firing the hospitality staff and the chefs and hiring some people who actually want a job.Save your money - go elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	4	1	3	

<Author>hedwiggy
<Content>Awesome Experience! This was our first trip to the Gran Melia. We were there from November 9th through the 15th. It was the most awesome experience we have ever had. We had a great room and great service from everyone there. After reading some of the reviews we were a little worried on what we were going to find when we got there. Everything is beautiful and all the staff was friendly and helpful. Alex our bartender was fantastic. He makes the best Mohito's and if you go there, make sure you get him to flip the bottles for you. Tom Cruise in the movie Cocktails hasn't got anything over on Alex. The food overall was pretty good. In the reviews we read, people were complaining that the food at the resort was too expensive. We didn't think so. We didn't spend any more at the resort restaurants than we do normally eating out around Atlanta, and believe me, we eat out all the time. There hasn't been any cooking in our house in several years. We loved the cabanas by the pool. A great way to spend a day in the sun. Loved seeing the iguanas too. This is truely a tropical paradise. We really had a great experience and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ferret92
<Content>What a Joke... Terrible place 1) The rooms: To start, when we had just arrived, we're informed by the front desk that there was no king or queen size bed rooms available for the category that we had chosen and paid for (although I had booked on your own website for a king size bed) and we were assigned to a room with 2 single beds and an very nasty mold smell. After begging for a change, the only option that I was given was to upgrade to a royal service room, spending extra 600 dollars for the room for the week. I had no other choice than take it.2) The building: We were given a decent room. The inside of the room was clean and without a mold smell but the outside was a mess. The stairs and the corridors where dirty as I've never seen in any hotel in my life (not even two start road side motels). We had to co-live with dirty and smell and as a consequence, lots and lots of mosquitos. Be prepared because there are lots of them there... 3) Food: I chalenge whoever is reading this email to please go eat at one of the restaurants in the hotel. The food was TERRIBLE and fairly expensive for the quality (avg 60-70 bucks for a very bad food). They cold even mess up a simple french fries (cold and mushy).4) Breakfast: Because we had to pay extra for the room, we had a Continental Breakfast for free at the RS lounge. Should be good thing if it wasnt for the fact that you had to be there very early otherwise you would risk not to have milk or bread.The only good part was the personal. We only found nice people there.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	3	1	

<Author>ceraware
<Content>totally hated the experience boring, terrible food, bad guest service, dirty WE DO NOT RECOMEND IT AT ALL!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tershn
<Content>rained everyday From the time we got there it rained. NO fault of them. Our luggage got lost. When the plane arrived the next day, they were not there to pick it up like they said they would. The rooms smelt musty and they didnot restock the fridge. The security was rude. The waitress and the waiter were rude and slow also. They somehow lost our reseverations for one of the restarants there. Truly a bad experience and would not reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>hmgnj1
<Content>Extreme relaxation I have to say that I was really scared about going to this hotel after reading many of the reviews. It was my mother's 60th b-day so I wanted a relaxing place for a girls weekend get away. I have to say, that from the time we arrived the place was breathtaking. The girl at the front desk was extremely polite and answered all our questions ( i think her name was Isabel) The place is quite and very relaxing. The grounds are enchanting and during the evening the place looks magical. With that said it is not a place for someone who wants to experience alot of nightlife. I booked a spa day for my mother I and although I thought that the robes could have been nicer, it didn't take away from the great massage that we received. The dinner at Cafe Soleil was exquisite,we had a stuffed snapper with huge fried plaintains and I was still full the next day. The food was a bit on the expensive side but delicious!!!! Luckily I has become a member of the Sol Melia hotel chain( free) you show your membership number to the waiter and 2 people get to eat for the price of one, this only applies to breakfast, but a full buffett costs around 25.00 dollars for 2 people, in my opinion it was worth it. My mother and I loved the place. The staff was attentive and very friendly. If you want a place to relax and unwind this is the place.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Nana_KB
<Content>A fabulous place We just returned from Puerto Rico and had a great stay at the Gran Melia. The lobby area is beautiful, in the evening they light hundreds of candles making it an enchanted place. Our suite was wonderful, the bed was very comfortable our only complaint was that our tub would not close, so only showers for us. The beach may not be what people expect, but the breakfront is a long way from the shore, so you can easily swim and enjoy the water without fighting the surf. There are areas of seaweed close to the shore, just swim out a ways to get passed it. The pool is great and goes on forever, we rented a cabana for $35 for the entire day, this was a great shady place to relax and watch all the activity. The pool attendant was very nice and attentive. The service in the pool bar was pretty poor, they don't seem to be able to handle a crowd, but I think the worst part was that they don't seem to enjoy what they are doing and were not at all friendly. This same attitude extended to the bar in the lobby, the bartenders can make or break someone's attitude about a place, so this is where they really need to improve. The breakfast buffet was pretty extensive, but the food was somewhat mediocre. The only bright spot was the omelet and waffle stations where you could get freshly made items. But there are lots of choices, so there should be something for everyone. It is a little pricey at $20 per person. The only choice we ever had for lunch was at the pool bar, good burger, but otherwise not great and again pretty overpriced. $13 for shrimp cocktail which only had 5 small shrimp on a bed of lettuce with fried plantains. This is a resort, so you should expect resort prices, go with the expectation that you are going to be paying for the atmosphere and enjoy it. My recommendation is that you rent a car and get off the property to enjoy all the attractions in the area. El Yunque is just minutes away, there is a beautiful beach at Luquillo ( there is a $3 entry fee). Go to the biobay in Fajardo, this shouldn't be missed. There are lots of alternative places to eat away from the resort, so get out and get the flavor of Puerto Rico. The parking is $15 daily for self park, but you will save that in just a few meals. Inspite of the few complaints we had, we had a wonderful time at the Gran Melia, it is a beautiful place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimberlynyc120
<Content>Disappointing Let me preface this by saying that my fiancee and I are very laid back people, we don't complain about a lot, and although we enjoy 5 star service we arent picky travellers because we can have fun anywhere. That said, the Gran Melia was not a good experience for us. We just got engaged and this was a weekend away to celebrate that, we just went Saturday to Monday over the Columbus Day weekend. Upon arriving the hotel is so beautiful and the ground look so nice that you couldnt imagine taking any issue with the place but we experienced so many problems with the service that we couldnt ignore it any longer.Upon checking in there was only 1 person at the huge desk and we stood there for about 15 minuted while she took care of the people in front of us (who seemed to have had a problem.) Then we walked to our Bungalow which was touted as an ocean front suite but we couldnt even see what minimal beach there was from our room. The room was not very nice either. It was big, but it was decorated tastelessly, the beds were uncomfortable and the second night there was a pillow on the bed that had no pillow case on it and had dried blood spots.The first night we went to Nami, their on site HIbachi restaurant, it was very good and fun. Order a glass of sake and they fill it up to the top like it's a glass of wine! The next night we went to the Italian place, Tempo, but my fiancee is so picky when it comes to food and all of the italian dishes had some sort of a seafood twist to them so we left and ordered room service, this was the worst of it. The room service took 1 1/2 hours to get to our room, and when we called after 45 minutes to see what was taking so long they took our order again as if they didnt have it in the first place, I had already fallen asleep and then when it got to us it was the wrong order and we'd been charged for things we didnt even get!We also tried to make reservations both nights for the restaurants and couldnt get through to the restaurant or reservations either night. On the whole the managers seemed very helpful, the porters and the concierge but the other staff just honestly didnt seem to give much of a thought to the guests. A few times while trying to get towels for the pool we had to wait for the young girl to get off of her personal cell phone. I believe that this hotel used to be an all inclusive or still partially is and the staff still has the all inclusive mentality, that you've already paid for it so they dont have to do much more for you.The last issue I had was the Royal Service part of the hotel. It costs a lot more to get the Royal Service and you get a butler and there's a separate pool, etc. It just seems as if they flaunt it, you cant go to the pool which is much nicer, calmer and has a private bar (it's HELLISH trying to get anything from the WET pool bar and the foo dis not good.) It just seems like the people who pay for Royal Service dont get perks, they get a whole separate experience. It was very elitist to say the least.Anyway, like I said, Im not one to complain, all of my other trip advisor reviews have been positive but I really would stay away from this resort, it has a lot of work to do!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>MGR52
<Content>do not read the reviews, go there I went to Gran Melia Puerto Rico in my honeymoon. I have to say that I was very scare with the reviews I read before going there.I had a wonderful time, the service was excellent, everyone in the hotel was always ready to help or to give an advise about the places to visit in Puerto Rico.I do not want to write a long review but this is the highlights:1. Service: Really good and ready to help at all times2. Distance of the suite to the main area: I recommend to walk all the time as you can find a lot of samll animals like the coci especially during the night (very romantic). Also you are on holidays and why to rush!!!!3. Food: Excellent but a bit pricyGo there and enjoy as it is an amazing place and close to many attractions like the rain forest (10mins by car), Luquillo beaches (5mins by car), snorkling, etc  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Glowingly
<Content>Not ready for Seasoned travelers The reason I took so long in sending this review is because i have been waiting for the General Manager(Armando Mojica) to call me...He hasn't. The problem with this resort is that they once were an ALL-INCLUSIVE resort, and their staff still has an All-inclusive mentality. This was one of the worst experiences i've ever had. I decided to join a few friends at the last minute and booked my ticket through Hotwire. I got to the hotel and they sad my Ocean View was not available and that I'd have to stay in a garden view. I told them that was unacceptable and the front-desk clerk actually told me to call Hotwire and get the difference from them. Of course i asked to see the front desk manager. She was nice and helpful and gave me my room number, but told me that my room was going to be 3 hours before it was available and suggested that i have lunch. We went to the only restuarant that was open...a buffet. We walked around the gounds and asked about the cabanas by the pool. We were informed that we couldn't rent the cabanas as they were first come, first serve and we should put books or towels on the cabanas by 6:30am every morning. Well jeesh louise, i don't know about you, but i dont go on vacataion to wake-up at 6:30am every morning to stake my claim on a pool-side cabana.I got back to the front desk to pick-up my key and gave the clerk my room number. She told me that my room was given to another guest and that i could pay to get upgraded. I asked for the front desk manager again and after another hour, she found me an ocean view.Long story short. the pool staff was on their cell phones, the pool towels were very thin, no ice buckets to keep drinks cold by the pool.And my ocean view....If i tipped-toed and stretched my neck real far, i could see the blue ocean in the distance. A few staff members were nice, but they are NOT ready for seasoned travelers.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>1NCBuckeye
<Content>It was wonderful! Everything at this resort was wonderful. The place is beautiful, one of my friends kept saying I feel like I'm in a dream. The staff was very attentive, especially David. He gave us ideas of places to visit and things to see in the area.The only problem was that the food service was slow. We did mention this to David as well as the people at the front desk. We were told that they are aware of the problem and are working to improve the situation.I recommend this resort as a wonderful place for a honeymoon or for a family vacation. There is so much to do that you don't have to leave the resort at all.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jeolive
<Content>Stop the fuss Gringos :) I was nervous and did not know what to expect when I booked this hotel (Sept.6-8th) because of the other reviews. All for nothing. Traveled with my wife (me 38 and she 28 yrs old).First the grounds are incredible. The rooms are villas in private 2 floor buildings through out the grounds. Large and all nice terraces.I checked in at 2pm on a Thursday with-in five minutes. No problem and clear instructions in english and spanish of grounds ect... Depending where your room is it may be far to main lobby (casino, pools ect) but awesome grounds to walk, BEAUTIFUL. Stop crying.The pool is incredible with Roman landscaping and designer pool. Yea, not much service by pool put I just got up and walked a couple of feet to the pool bar that was not near full at anytime and ordered. Beach is not a swimming beach but a lay out one for sure and nice for such. Great sun set too!Never visited the restaurants because I RENTED A CAR (AND EVERYONE SHOULD! ) so i ate out. It is about 3 miles from main rode, RT. 3.Friendly staff and when I did call for sheets and extra towels for sofa bed (parents stayed a night) it came in five minutes and put on sofa. NO PROBLEM!BOTTOM LINE: This resort is not expensive considering what others charged. Royal treatment? No. Above average treatment for the non-spoiled, needing everything at your feet person? Yes!AWESOME for that matter.The good: Great price, awesome grounds and rooms.The Bad: not much if you are easy going. Maybe younger staff a little laid back. A MUST EATERY: PASSION POR EL FUGON in Fajardo RODE 987 (15 minutes away). In the Que Pasa magazine! The best I have eaten in PR in over 15 years and 30 eaterys later. Eat both nights.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ExecutiveAssistant1
<Content>Not Recommended After receiving room keys and walking 1/3 of a mile to our room carrying our luggage because the golf cart transportation did not come after 35 minutes, we opened the door to a used room with dirty towels, linens and trash. We trekked back to the lobby and were given a room even further from the pool and lobby, but did get our one and only ride in the golf cart. At 7PM we requested linens for the pull out bed and at 10PM they were delivered after 4 phone calls to housekeeping who just kept saying be there in 5 minutes. The parking lot was an actual half mile from our room and cost $15 per night to park. We never set foot in the Casino as guests from other hotels are shuttled over and it was packed.There is NO BEACH. It is really far from everything. If you have no rental car and just want to stay at a hotel far from a pool and not see anything, this is the place. There is no refrigerator in the room, just a cooler. There is no microwave in the room, but there is a coffee maker. Beware of all the add on taxes and resort fees!! Our room really cost 30% more per night just with the tax and fees-like the coffee maker fee! Seriously!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>joanhector23
<Content>The WORST option!!!!! You can do better, belive me!! I had been in several hotels in the island, (Westin, Hilton, Embassy),... but this is the worst one. The service is terrible, slow, impersonal, like they are doing you a favor...in ocassion you will feel the employess think you work for them...they don't use the proper language to address the guests,...the distance from the rooms to the main pool and common areas is considerable...The variety in food is limited. This hotel is hardly a 3 star, so check you options and keet this one out of them.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hmarina
<Content>Bad, very bad I travel a lot (I have over 2 millon miles in AA) and this is easily the worst hotel of its class I ever stayed in.Food is good, but place is limited. You have to make reservations to the restaurants, but the reservation desk is always empty! You end up only with the option of room service which takes more than an hour to get to your room at prices you wont believe. The hotel is nice, but has no beach and you have to walk a lot under the sun to get places. I will never go back there.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	1	3	1	

<Author>zcooltraveller
<Content>Beautiful grounds, but still adjusting My wife and I are seasoned travelers to the Caribbean. Many visitors to the Grand Melia don鈥檛 understand the economy of tourism, especially in poorer areas and have set too high expectations. In short, if you have a Wal-Mart budget 鈥?stay home. Several reviewers were accurate with their assessments and I will echo their advice.The Melia just took over from the Paradisus this year, which was an all-inclusive family style resort. My impression was the employees are still adjusting to different hotel policy. Loungers and towels still had the old name on them. We had a great time because we did our homework, and you will too. Below is my advice for this resort.1. Transport: Rent a car. For the whole trip. From the airport. We got 5 days with full insurance and prepaid gas for $235. Not hostage to shuttles, or schedules (blah), or the onsite Avi$$. Yes parking fees are charged, but so does every other hotel in PR. There are two lots inside the gate, right is closer, left is the remote lot. Nearby is El Yunque, Luquillo beach, Fajardo.2. Royal Service: premium 鈥渃lub style鈥?service. Basically an upgrade in room, attention and treatment, running from $75 鈥?00 more per night. You have your own lounge with complimentary hors鈥?douerves all day, free Internet and a comp bar from 7-9 PM every night. Plus any room or activity issues you go through them, and not other departments. Use of the Royal service pool. It鈥檚 a better class of service. Highly suggest.3. Meal Plans: The Melia needs to rethink their AP and MAP plans, way overpriced. We prepaid our breakfasts (at $20 pp over 4 days). The buffet style breakfasts were plentiful, with omelet鈥檚, waffles made to order. For dinner, slow service meant long waits at TEMPO. Decent food, I give it 3 stars out of 5. At the Palm, Puerto Rican Paella was excellent. Reservations are not taken, its FCFS. Kids will be everywhere. Not too many fine dining options near the hotel, we ate out one evening at the Rio Mar, about 5 mi down Route 3.4. Food and Beverage: Pricey. Prices are as other reviewers stated. On Route 3 make a left out of the access road 录 mile on left is a strip mall with a BK, a KFC, a Subway and AMIGO 鈥?their version of a Shop Rite.. Soda  beer at supermarket prices. A good way to keep the lunch and beverage costs down.5. Rooms and grounds. Beautiful. Rooms look freshly painted. Gardens are full, lots of color. Main pool is enormous, with plenty of lounge chairs (could use more umbrellas). Beach: a disappointment. Rocky, red sand. Sea grass. Good for sailing, not for snorkeling. Calm. If you want surf 鈥?go to Luquillo, about 10 miles away. There is a kids club, and there are games, bikes for the young ones.6. Main building. Open air. Lots of chaise lounges  sofas. Gardens  fountains everywhere. Clean. Live music at the bar every night. Small casino, but some slots are broken, they don鈥檛 take bills, or bar code vouchers.7. Tipping. I am amazed at how cheap people get on vacation. A little goes a long way. We tipped, and got great attention. Yes the service is slower, but it鈥檚 the Caribbean. Overall: a good hotel, that can be superb if they make some adjustments. Be patient, ask lots of questions, and tip a few bucks if someone goes out of their way for you. You鈥檒l be amazed at how far a smile, and a 鈥淏uenos dias鈥?will get you.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>0RyGuy0
<Content>Great place, not price My wife and I went to the Gran Melia for our honeymoon. We had read the reviews on Trip advisor so we were a bit wary but had a nice time overall. So, here are the categories I'll use: be aware of, the good, and the bad.First of all, be aware that...- When you fly in to San Juan, you'll need to arrange your own transportation from the airport to the hotel. I tried to book a separate travel company but to no avail but it actually worked out OK because we were able to take a taxi to the resort for about $75 for both of us and our luggage plus tip. Our taxi driver was very nice and gave us an orange and a travel guide for Puerto Rico. You may want to call the concierge desk at Gran Melia because I think they can arrange transportation for you at around $60 for two people. We took a Gran Melia shuttle to the airport when we left the resort.- If you choose to rent your own car, parking at the resort will be $10 a day so add that to your cost of renting a car for a week.- There is an Avis rental booth at the resort, if you don't want a car for the whole week but may want to take a day trip.- The resort has several options for day trips so don't plan with any outside source (e.g., through Orbitz like we did) because they might not pick you up at your resort (we learned this only after purchasing the non-refundable day-trip vouchers).- There are not surfable waves, if you know what I mean. It is a beautiful natural beach and the waves break on a reef about 200m off of the shore. - The resort is secluded: you drive past a golf course and through a gated entrance so you can't just walk off of the resort unless you want to walk about a mile or so.- Because the resort is somewhat secluded (which we enjoyed), food at the resort is expensive ($80 for fillet mignon and strip steak with 2 sides, $50-$60 for 2 buffet-style meals).- An Ocean View room means that you will be facing the ocean but may not be able to see it. We could see the ocean from our room but others may not have been able to.The Good:- The rooms were beautiful, air condition worked great, room service did a good job.- The location of the rooms were nice as well, a short walk away so they were away from any noise coming from the pool or resort.- The beach was relatively unused. We had a great time taking walks along the natural beach.- Although a bit pricey, the food was relatively good.- Mostly couples and families so it was a good atmosphere.- Beautiful pool, even when during popular swim time, it was easy to find a place in the pool where you didn't feel surrounded and crowded (also nice at night).- Employees were friendly if you are friendly to them. It's good to tip but not in a manipulative way. Basically, if you treat people decently, you will be treated decently.- Live entertainment at night.- Close to El Yunque Rainforest.The Bad- A bit pricey for what you get.- Hard to get off of the resort without shelling out some cash. Either you need to rent a car for the whole week and pay $10 extra (probably the best option if you're feeling adventurous), rent a car for a day (about $70), or get a taxi or shuttle somewhere (price varies depending on distance).- Some restaurants are closed depending on the night.Advice:- Eat lunches at the pool-side bar, it's pretty reasonable there.- For breakfast, borrow bread from the night before, if you want to save some dough (pun intended). - Use lots of sunscreen, you will still tan quite well with SPF 50.- Stay hydrated: lots of water.- Eat your fill at the buffet meals to get your money's worth.- There was an all-inclusive plan available but I didn't check it out so it may be cheaper that way.- If you're not intimidated by driving in PR, rent a car for a week. It would make it easier to see many of the sites around PR and much less expensive in the long-run.Synopsis: all-in-all, a good place. Our only concerns were the price and the difficulty of leaving the hotel and not paying a lot extra for it. But, seeing as we were on our honeymoon, we didn't worry too much about leaving the resort.This kind of place is good for a relaxing, quieter getaway with a few friends, spouse, or family. If you're looking for a great place to get drunk cheaply and not remember your vacation, this is not the place. If you're looking for a party-atmosphere or night-life, this is also not the place.Basically, we were happy with our trip but could have just as well gone somewhere else and been happy there too.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Robacabra
<Content>Worst Experience Ever! I travel every week and stay in different hotels in the Caribbean, US and Central America. I have never experienced such bad service, and arrogance in my life.Don't purchase the all inclusive package!!! It's a ripoff! They request you make reservations in the restaurants but when you go to make reservations they say that the restaurants are full (Which when you go you find out that it is not true) The only alternative you have is to order room service (very very limited) and as you imagined, not covered by the all inclusive package. They really give you no alternative.On the other hand, the food is extremely expensive. Can you imagine paying for a Chicken sandwich US$20 plus tax, tips, fees? Also, with these prices, be careful with tips, they can rack up to be quite an amount.Also, it is impossible to be there in the summer time, there's no A/C in the lobby or bar area. You have to walk a long way to and from your room and last but not least...It has NO BEACH! In the Caribbean this is a must. Did I mention that it has NO BEACH!.Will not stay there ever even if offered to stay for free!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Jazcutey
<Content>They didn't advertise the possible bed bugs! Well, from the website I was expecting to have a nice relaxing girls weekend with a friend of mine, however, this hotel did not live up to our expectations. From the time when we first arrived and until we left there were little experiences that added up to up to us both making the determination we would not come back, nor recommend this place to friends. Arriving from the airport the cab dropped us off at the wrong hotel, we were left at the golf resort, which is on the same grounds, but about a mile away from the Gran Melia. My friend and I knew our adventure had begun! Arriving at the Gran Melia the welcome was nice and the the hotel looked very inviting. Check in was good and our bags were brought to our rooms. We had a handicap accessible room, although neither of us is handicapped. We just assumed this was the only room they had with two double beds. The room was nice, however it was missing little things you would expect out of a four star hotel, a mini-bar, note pads and pens, a do not disturb sign, a guide book that discusses the hotel, the amenities, local attractions, etc. Not having these things did not dampen our experience, but I would expect a four star hotel to have these things at a minimum. The beach - well I always heard about the beautiful beaches of Puerto Rico, but the Gran Melia is not on one of those beaches. The path to the beach was filled with rocks, which in bare feet is somewhat of a challenge to walk and water and beach itself were also filled with rocks. You could not lay out on the beach with a beach chair because there was not enough space, not b/c there were tons of people, but because the beach was more like a small patch of grassy area. The water was beautiful once you got past the rocks and the non-beach area, but the Melia cannot take credit for that. Beach experience - Grade CBefore laying on upper level of the beach (grassy area near pool) we asked the pool bar/restaurant for food and drinks. The wait staff did not seem eager to assist us. Several staff just stood around talking while we were standing at the bar and the waitress who finally assisted us seemed like she would have preferred to do something else with our time. We eventually got our food and drinks, which were okay, however, that was the only contact we had with the beach staff. One would expect (or at least we did!) that someone would come up and take out plates and cups, no one did, one would also expect that they would ask if we wanted anything else, no one did. We were on our own! If I am staying at a four star beach resort I would like someone to come and see about me, but we came to the conclusion that attention to customers was not their strong point. Another slightly annoying fact is that we couldn't pay for anything in cash, we had to charge eveyrthing to the room. Beach and Beach Service - Grade CRestaurants - well there really weren't any choices b/c only one restaurant was open! The restaurant was fine dining and the food was okay, but again for a four star place, why only one eating option??!! I would suspect that on a beach vacation most people would want to grab a burger or something non-fine dining, however, there was no type place to go to. Now we were told that there was room service, which there was, but since we did not have a book in our room with a menu we called to the front desk. What was give to us was a paper print out of the menu, again, not very four star like! The food took 45 - 60 minutes to arrive and when it arrived it was a bit cold, and the order was wrong! I definitely think there were some language barriers to ordering. Breakfast was okay at the buffet. Food and Restaurants - Grade CTransportation - now I mentioned above the cab from the airport dropped us off at the wrong location, which wasn't a huge problem b/c the shuttle from the Gran Melia came and picked us up. However, my friend and I wanted to leave the resort and go into town (15 minutes away from the hotel) and the cab ride cost us an arm and a leg! Considering it takes about 5 - 8 minutes to get off of the resort grounds, $30 for a 10 minute ride seems excessive! However, the ride into town was worth the meal we received at a restaurant called Sandy's. Great food and a great waitress! That meal was the best meal of the whole trip but the only meal eaten outside of the hotel. We had to hire the same cab to take us back that brought us to town, for some reason only certain cabs are allowed on the property - a round trip fare for a twenty minute ride $60. I think that is waaaaaay too much! Transportation - Grade CGuest Services - well, the people who drive around in the golf carts were attentive in asking me if I needed a ride anywhere, but short of that there was little to no customer attention. All of the staff had the same don't bother me attitude. When you asked for something they got it (or tried to) but other than that they seemd like they didn't care about your stay. Guest Services Grade - DI could go on and on about the averageness of this place or the lack of things a standard four star hotel should have but I will leave you with this. My first night in the hotel room I kept waking up thinking there was a mosquito in the room. I checked the bed, pulled the sheets off, looked at the mattress, but didn't find anything. But each night I felt the same way, but could never find anything. But each morning I woke up with more and more red marks on my arms and legs. These marks are not mosquito bites, and after some investigation they may be bed bugs. Psychologically I don't feel ilke leaving my house for people staring at the marks on my arms and legs! I should not be stressed out after vacation about whether I am bringing bed bugs into my house!!!! Thankfully my roommate didn't get any bite marks, but I did see a few other people at the hotel with the same bites on their arms and legs. Bed Bugs - Grade F After all I mention above this is not a place I would go back to or recommend to my friends. Overall Stay - D  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>PerlaElPaso_TX
<Content>read reviews! My husband and I stayed at the Gran Melia during our honeymoon stay in Puerto Rico. I could write forever about how dissatisfied we were, but everyone else has done it for us. We to, were fooled by the nice pictures. It is a beautiful place but the service was pitiful. Check- in was ridiculous, food and prices were also ridiculous. Bottled water for $3.33 is just crazy! Ham and cheese sandwich for $16.20, for a while I thought they had a different currency. All my husband and I have to say is that all the bad reviews are all true. Stay away from the Gran Melia. You will get terrible service and attitudes from people that do not want to work.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>montymon113
<Content>Look Before You Book The Gran Melia Puerto RicoResort  VillasPicture yourself surrounded by beautiful palm trees and clean, comfortable rooms. A large pool with built in lounge chairs and tables to place the tropical drink you just got from the swim up bar.Shuttle cars leave regularly from the open-air lobby to transport youto and from your room. Four elegant, high-priced restaurants cater toyour dining needs and a buffet breakfast stocks more food than you could possibly sample.Now imagine you want to leave the resort and experience the culture of Puerto Rico. You want to hike the waterfalls of El Yunque, the only rain forest within the U.S. National Forest system. You want to swim at Luquillo beach. Then you discover the customer鈥檚 dilemma: theresort is so far off the beaten path and the prices to leave it so high that you can鈥檛 afford to leave. However, with the prices incurred on the resort, you can鈥檛 afford to stay either.You soon learn that everywhere you turn another guest has a horror story to share. They are commiserating in paradise, over delicious strawberry daiquiris, about slow customer service, long check in lines, false promises, and exorbitant costs. Since the Gran Melia used to be the Paradisus, an all-inclusive resort, the clientele was mixed when we were there. Adding to the tropical flair are the bali-beds, draped in canopies with soft cushions. A romantic dream that can be rented for $30.00 per day. You can frolic in the pool or on the beach on a $15.00 per day raft. Towels are free in exchange for your room number, but don鈥檛 loose them or you will be charged, from what we heard the priceper towel ranges from $75.00-$100.00.We chose to have breakfast included in our vacation package. A smart move considering it was the only meal of the day that was guaranteed us. The first three days they gave us a check and we had to take the time to explain we had the breakfast package. We ate a few dinners at the resort restaurants. Here are a few examples of the food options taken right from the menu:Romantico (a fine dining experience in elegant surroundings with excellent service) Salmon Alumando appetizer $13.00Cordero a la Narranja $37.00Nami (Hibachi-style dining with a Japanese flare) Teppanyaki Dinner Table $39.00Caf茅 Soleil (considered a steak house)Seabass fillet $27.008 oz Rib eye $30.00Side dish (e.g. baked potato) $7.00Dessert $7.00 ($8.00 for the Key Lime pie)The other restaurant, an Italian option, wasn鈥檛 open while we were there.Lunch at the pool-side bar will set you back $12.00 for a hamburger. Now imagine yourself there with children. Many people I spoke to with families rented a $65.00 mid-sized car from the on-site Avis dealer for $117 per day (that鈥檚 including tax, insurance, and other hidden fees) and headed to the grocery store down the street. We soonrented a car ourselves; a compact car for two days got us off the resort for $138.00. It鈥檚 a good thing my friend was comfortable with city driving, because a cab to San Juan was $80.00 each way, per person. We took the car to El Yunque and after paying $3.00 at the visitor鈥檚 center we saw the beauty and spendor of the rain forest, a short, 10-15 minute drive from the resort. The same excursion from the Gran Melia, advertised as a Rainforest Hike to Waterfall Swim (3.5 hours) will run you $97.00 per person.Since getting around was a key frustration for us, I do have to mention that I asked about Sunday services. I noticed a Catholic church on Coco Beach Road, the road the resort is on. I inquired about Mass times and how to get there. Once I found out it was $20.00 each way, per person, I decided that God would understand if I missed mass this week.A side note about renting a car: There is also a $15.00 per day parking fee that you are not informed of. We learned, however, from one of the other hotel guests that the parking ticket can be validated in the Casino with minimal gambling.Short of the canned hotel information, I felt uninformed about how to enjoy my vacation. I felt as if the staff at the Gran Melia did not want me to leave the resort except by the means they provided. By the time I figured out how to have the vacation I wanted, my time was up. I wish the staff was forthcoming and told me to go enjoy a dinner in Old San Juan or to take the car to Fajardo for the experience of a life time. There was very little in the way of entertainment and thus, the nights were boring and rainy day proved long and uneventful. I may have been looking for the experience I had at the Divi in Aruba last year where dancing and shows were provided every night. Music in the lobby and one show with dancers (that we found by chance) did not do it for me.I can overlook the mistakes that happened to us: 鈥he hotel transfer was not communicated properly. Once we found where to go our luggage took one bus and we took another. We were even asked to get off of the first bus because it was a private group.鈥ur room not being ready (even though we made the reservations well in advance and specifically requested two double beds). A hospitalityroom was offered to us where we changed and stayed by the pool. My friend asked for a complimentary drink at the lobby bar for our troubles, which was granted by the front desk, but not the bar tender. A manager was summoned. After a few hours we were placed in a room that was first offered us (unacceptable due to the travel party). We did not get in our proper room until 10:00 that night (check-in was at 3:00, our first room was promised to us by 5:00).鈥ur luggage was sent from the hospitality room to the first incorrect room (the one that was describe during check in that we specified would not work for our party). Some clothes were lost in transit, but then later found and returned. My friend requested a complimentary dinner for our troubles which was granted by the front desk. No one in the restaurants had known about it. We did finally get it.鈥 party at the resort (not for hotel guests, but sponsored by Budweiser) was not well thought out. We took our rental car into Old San Juan returning about 10:00 p.m. It took us 32 minutes from Old San Juan and 40 minutes waiting in a line of traffic to get into the Gran Melia. No accommodations were made for hotel guests. To add insult to injury when we got to the front of the line the 鈥渓ot closed鈥?sign went up. We explained that we are hotel guests and were redirected to the Avis lot that was already filled with cars from the Budweiser party. We did not have the option of attending the Budweiser party.鈥hey tried to charge us for our breakfast included in the vacation package for the first few days.The Gran Melia traps you in an overpriced paradise on the wrong side of the island (if you are there to experience beautiful beaches. We did not see anyone swimming, nor did the beach water look inviting to us.) The staff will try to make you feel as if you are the most important entity to them, while they never follow through with promises. The right hand doesn鈥檛 know what the left hand is doing is an extreme understatement. As far as I can see there are two choices at the Gran Melia; stay on the resort and pay for overpriced meals and excursions (but then you miss the real local flavor of Puerto Rico), or rent an overpriced car and get out and live the culture with the locals. Better yet, find a different resort until they work the bugs out.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>caldi84
<Content>One word "beautiful" I read alot of reviews about this hotel before I arrived , and I will not lie I expected the worst ....... Maybe the expectations of these people were unrealistic ..... I took my wife and kids and had a great time ...... did I say great? .... I mean fantastic! ...... coming from New York this was a pleasant get away ....... grounds on the resort were beautiful ....... THE POOL WAS PHENOMINAL ..... restaurants pricey .... but O.K. .......... oh RENT A CAR ...... Will have a better experience if you do ..... did i mention me and my family had a blast? .... we had a Royal Service room , which I strongly recommend ...... spacious, outdoor patio with jacuzzi ..... plasma screen television ... kinda felt at home .... if u find that the restaurant's are too pricey there are alot of other places to eat outside the resort ...... staff was very nice and polite ..... this was my formula for a great time ---- spend alot of time in the pool (kids loved it) ......... jumped in the car , did our own excursions , Junque , Bacardi factory , old san juan , el morro. the resorts excursions too expensive ... enjoyed every minute from when I arrived and was sad to go .... WILL GO NEXT YEAR FOR SURE.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hockeynutNY
<Content>worst service of any carribean hotel i must say from the check- in to the check-out that this was the worst hotel when it comes to service and efficiency. my family and i have travelled extensively throughout the caribbean and this was by far the worst trip yet. beachfront hotel- it would be nice if there WAS a beach! 2 feet of rock and pebbles, and no actual path down to the beach- you actually have to jump down from boulders and be helped back up, and slimy seaweed- not my def. of a beach.this resort has 5 restaurants- on fri. and sat. there were 3 open-the japanese, steak and buffet resaturants, but on mon.- fri. only 1 -the buffet. we were told that they were renovating and changing the menus. however, when the 2 restaurants re-opened the following fri. everything was the same. what ever happened to the other 2 restaurants? we were told by numerous employees that the hotel recently laid off about half of its staff-explains the lack of service. have fun waiting for 45 mins. to get a cheeseburger at the pool grill. to top everything off, we waited over an hour and fifteen for a belllman to help with our luggage upon checking out, and we missed our original flight because of it. save yourself alot aggravation and go somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	2	1	4	

<Author>sagagolfer
<Content>Worst Service Ever Experience (Stay Away). Stay at Westin The grounds of the resort was beautiful, but their so called beach is NOT A BEACH. It's a rocky shore where you can't really swin. The pool was beautiful. Outside of that here I will grade each area of SERVICE WHICH IS THE WORST OUR FAMILIES EVER EXPERIENCED.* Restaurants: Three weeks prior to departing to PR, I spoke to their ServiceXpress (Joanna) and was told that 3 restaurants will be opened during our stay. Well to our surprise, ONLY 1 RESTAURANT WAS OPEN FOR THE ENTIRE WEEK and the japanese (NAMI) is opened only on Fri  Sat. Now that is totally riduculous. You go on a vacation and expect to have a nice dining experience but you are stuck eating the same food. We had to rent a car to go out of the resort to eat after 2 days of the same food. We went to Old San Juan (Highly recommended)  El Conquistador (Highly recommended). DON'T STAY AT GRAN MELIA.* Service: The service experience from the restaurant to the pool side was THE WORST. Gran Melia just doesn't care of taking care of their guest. If we asked for a drink, it seemed that we were bothering them. After complaining about 10 times to various management and front desk, their only excuse was that people were laid off. Even the people working there all agreed that service has gone done after Gran Melia took over from Paradisus. The restaurant personnel are not trained properly on how to serve guests. People don't care to wait on guests. At least in Mexico, the service personnel are eager to help the resort guest. That is not true of this resort. * Quality of Food: We ate at both the Italian and Japanese and it was well below par. The japanese restaurant hibachi grill cook used a ton of soy and all you tasted was soy sauce. The breakbast buffet (almost $30/person) didn't have a variety.On a postive note, the rooms and the resort layout was beautiful but that doesn't help when your overall experience was horrible. I spoke to their management and they seemed not to care. SO PLEASE TAKE THIS RECOMMENDATION AND DON'T STAY AT GRAN MELIA PUERTO RICO. STAY EITHER AT EL CONQUISTADOR OR WESTIN RIO DEL MAR.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	3	4	3	1	3	

<Author>JAYAMA
<Content>Beautiful, but........ I've just returned from a five night stay at the Gran Melia, P.R,this is one of the biggest, most beautiful resort I'v stayed in, it'scomfortable, very relaxing, overall nice. But....... there is a lack ofcommunication between the resort and the guests, upon check-in we were given a map of the grounds, told the locationsof the five or six restaurants, but we were not told that only onerestaraunt would be open for dinner during our stay, nobody wastold so what happened was you had all of these people walkingaround looking for dining options only to find out that you did nothave a choice, so now you have a resort full of people trying to getinto one place. The rooms did not have a resort brochure in them,so one had to ask the staff or other guest about resort activitiesand entertainment, the resort channel offered no resort info atall, the resort spa channel reminded you everyday to call andmake an appointment, but failed to inform you the day's andhours the spa is open, so needless to say when I woke up monday morning turned on the tv and said to myself, I'm going to the spa today, how disappointed i was to find out that they close on Monday.I'll have to say at this point I won't return to the Gran Melia anytimesoon, or even recommend it at this time, not until they work outa few issuses, by the looks of the resort it's five stars all the way,but because of the issuses we had, I would say I would give ita high three or low four. Maybe in a few years it will be up to par.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>MikeC500
<Content>Overpriced Underserviced=Gran Melia Gran Flop The photos definitly sold me, the web site led me to believe its charm and being outside the city sold me. However, from the start I was checked into a damp musky room which I later switched. We ate at the resort the first night at their steak house ranging from $28-$45 dollars steak only. It was not that well prepared for the price, sides cost extra and the service was not that great. More over we felt as if we were suppose to tip very high...we didn't. So letting the first night go we decided to go outside the compound to experience the culture. We went to Old San Juan which rocked with service, taste and friendliness. We spent less for better tasting meals and drinks then at the resort. Note that if one rents a car from outside the resort its $10 dollars a day to park where you are staying. So after a great time we had bought some drinks and wanted to hang out at the resort only to be told we cannot bring in outside alchol or food. We later found out that you can bring in food, there is nothing in the pamphelet that states otherwise.  As for drinks: the resort charges for 2 ounces of rail liquor 7-8 dollars. Which would be fine if the food was cheaper.  Next breakfast, this was the worst part of our trip we said its our last day lets get up and eat the buffet. For 25 dollars a piece we ate food less then par for a Dennys. Further more I and my girlfriend got sick. Though we were told we would be compensated I have no proof yet that I have been. The eggs were not hot, the one cook just made omelettes and the fruit was all but ripe.  lastly, after fighting to keep our moral up we checked out, I was not given a reciept, not given a zero balance when I asked for one and was hung up on when I called from the states to check on my bill.  Please do your research and call. There are other hotels.Sincerely,Unsatisfied.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>dasmits
<Content>The Gran Melia is Exotic My family and I stayed at Gran Melia after our 7-day cruise to the Caribbean. This resort is large; after checking-in, my family and I were driven (via golf cart) to our Villa. This is a beach front resort with beautiful scenery; nice enough for a wedding. The pool is heavenly; Cabana's are available for a daily rental of $35 or you could opt to use their clean and complentary lounge chairs. The resort grounds had 24hr. security and was very clean. The photos you see for this resort (Sol Melia website) are as real as those we took ourselves during our stay; it's gorgeous! We will definately return but stay longer next time around. We stayed in a Garden view Villa and enjoyed our balcony. When reserving, I recommend to request the 2nd level (there are only 2 levels at this resort). We had a few bites in the evening so you might consider bringing bug repellent since mosquito's or something like no-see-ums were around. If you are recommended a restaurant called Martin's BBQ for some authentic Puerto Rican food - Don't bother...what a big disappointment! You're better off eating in the town of San Juan.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Juandi
<Content>Needs improvement The hotel is very nice. It has a nice ocean view and it has a beautiful decoration. But I must say that the service was Terrible. We made reservations to the restaurants and still had to stand in line for 1:30 minutes to get a table. Also the customer service was not the best. For example, we tried to get a lemonade, and for 3 days, they would bring us anything but a lemonade...one night we said to the waiter sir, this is not lemonade and he said Fine, i'll bring you water then. Last, prices seemed a bit on the high end, and considering the service, it was not worth it.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	2	2	1	

<Author>chezare13
<Content>Beautiful resort...terrible service       hotel room  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Caroline32669
<Content>Gran Melia needs improvement The grounds were nice, but staff seems indifferent to providing good service. Our garden view room had a view of a sand lot and the staff refused to change the room. The air conditioning did not work and it took about 4 hours to fix it. we complained because the projected time to fix the AC was at 10PM and we had small children that would be sleeping by that time. The staff was indifferent so we called the manager and got it fixed earlier. We checked in around 5:30PM and could not get any pool towels because the activity center that gave them out closed at 6PM and we were dealing with the AC problem. The staff offered to give us more pool towel cards, but not towels! And last but not least, we expected tram service to help us get our luggage to the main gate, but they were nowhere available and we had to drag our luggage 1/4 mile (with small children) and we missed our plane. The beds were uncomfortable and I am still nursing a stiff neck. For the price, this hotel is a rip off. I can get better service at Motel 6 and the pillows will be softer.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilmor
<Content>Great hotel but .... Pros: 1. Great lagoon pool. Very clean and beatiful. 2. Very large room with balcony, small living room. 3. Beatiful landscape and gardens. 4. Beatiful lobby. 5. Some lizards in the area but not a problem. 6. Friendly staff. 7. Near to the El Yunque Rain Forest. Beatiful place, many waterfalls.Cons: 1. No ice. Only 4 ice station for the whole resort. I need to bought ice in a near store. 2. There is a rocky beach, no swimming beach. Near is a Luquillo beach and is exellent. 3. Food too expensive and not the best food. Best bet near the hotel is Pepes Restaurant in road # 3 in Rio Grande. Passion por el Fogon Restaurant in Luquillo, great sea food. Hacienda Carabali Restaurant in Rio Grande. Try a food call Mofongo is great. 4. Check-in: 2 hours in line. Very slow.Bottomline: I live in Puerto Rico and every summer I stay in different PR resorts. Hotel El conquistador is a better bet. They had private island with beatifull beach. Also a great pool. I went to this hotel the last year and it was my best vacations in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cosquericasus
<Content>Outstanding!! As local P.R. residents our family has stayed in probably every worthwhile resort facility within the island, and without any doubt whatsoever it is our opinion that the Gran Melia simply ranks at the very top. The resort is located in a beautiful piece of real estate, and the grounds are neatly maintained. The Royal Service was simply outstanding beginning with the kindness and attention received from its staff, to the services and privileges which acompany the service, such as express check- in/out, butler services, exclusive pool area, etc. I must admit though that as lifetime residents we had the advantage of not only having available a car, but were also privy to dining alternatives outside the resort. Although on the pricy side, the food at the resort was of outstanding quality. Lastly, although some people may be displeased with the distance between the bungallows and the main lobby, we found it to be an oportunity to do some needed exercise. After all we were on vacation and didn't really have any need to hurry anywhere. Thanks Mr. Mura and his staff for contributing to our OUTSTANDING 2007 summer vacation.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbett1234
<Content>4 Star Resort 1 Star Service Let me start with the good stuff. The resort is beautiful and we got a good price on the room. Now, the bad.... it took an hour to check in. The service is bad and VERY slow. Everything is a wait. A lot of employees standing around or talking on personal cell phones insted of helping guests. The room service menu is a joke and VERY expensive for what you get. For example, a yogurt with a sprinkle of granola on it is $15. We were over charged a couple of times too. A lemonade in the restaurant is $7!!! w/o booze too! Not including the $30 buffet that was not even on par with Sizzler. The resort is very isolated and you feel limited. There is no beach. There is 3 feet of sand, then you hit seaweed. There is a pool, but you wait almost an hour for a drink and its crowded. Not relaxing. The room was always missing something. The first day, no room serivice menu. The next day, no coffee in the room, etc. Bottom line, we were very dissapointed. The cost of the room was good but the price of food, drinks, spa, etc out weighed the savings. After talking to others at the resort, we found out we were not alone in our experience.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>ALazo
<Content>Our nightmare in Puerto Rico Here are a few examples of our nightmare in Gran Melia Puerto Rico. If you need more examples, please simply scroll down. Also check this, the approximated score from the reviews are about 3.5; this is a good evaluation for a Four Diamond Hotel?I wasted 1 hour waiting to check-in, is ridiculous and you are very lucky if they have a room ready. My brother鈥檚 room at check-in was not ready at 3pm, and it took 4 hours to check him, also I requested a crib for my baby and after 8 hours they come out with an old Pack 鈥檔 Play.YES, the resort is isolated and there is no place to eat... and YES, It is a 3 or 4 miles from the main road, so you are stuck there to eat the awful food they put at the buffet or 鈥淩estaurants鈥?everyday. AND don鈥檛 forget to make a reservation at your arrival or you will end ordering from the 鈥淩oom-disservice鈥?Most of the staff was not helpful or friendly at all, in some cases, very rude.The limited selection from the 3 out of the 6 expensive restaurants that were open wasn't very good or good at all, specially the Italian鈥?Before you leave the front desk at your check-out, CHECK VERY CAREFULLY YOUR STATEMENT; they charged us $134 twice for a lunch.To finish鈥?ask for the beach at the Hotel and you will receive a JA JA JA as a response. Sorry guys but you are going to spend so many ours in the pool on a beautiful island in the Caribbean. Is this bizarre or what?  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Giselle2315
<Content>It was awesome!!!! Well... what can I say?? Don't listen to the bad reviews!! Yes, this resort needs to work on a few things.... for example. Check-In should not only be at 3:00pm, that causes a line almost to the door and you get a lot of unhappy guests. Security is ridiculous!! Almost everytime I walked towards my room they asked me my room number and if I was carrying anything they would ask me what was in the bag.... for that kind of money I don't want to be bothered with anything. Other than that everything was so enjoyable. I came back today and I really wish I would've booked it for longer. The walks from the rooms to the lobby are long but you're on vacation. Enjoy the scenery!! This hotel is beautiful from its lobby to the pool to the room... I am definetely going back next summer. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!P.S. The food and drinks are really expensive so to rent a car is a must!!!Giselle Boston, MA  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prhotels
<Content>The worst in Puerto Rico I hated the gran melia, I thought this hotel was going to be the best in Puerto rico first there was internet in my room. there was lizard all over the place, and The pool was dirty. and the beach that was not a beach no one was on the beach that's how bad it was...  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	4	1	3	1	

<Author>pancho1_7
<Content>Very unprofesional way of running resort The worst resort I've ever stayed in, the 2 hour wait to check in is ridiculous if you don't ask for a compensation for your lost time they won't give you anything not even an I'm sorry. The room had no a/C they came to fix it then it started leaking water everwhere. We ordered room service we had to call 3 times to see what had happened after 2 hours we finally recieved it, we gave the guy a tip little did I know the tip of almost $10 was already included and for such bad service! also what a zoo to get in and out of the hotel can you believe we had to pay for parking per DAY (WHAT IS GOING ON HERE)? I don' t mind spending my money but if I feel robbed that 's a place where I won' t ever spend a dime again. Sad to say the reason why I came to this resort was because the one in Canun Mexico was so awesome and the staff so attentive I thought it would be the same Boy was I wrong. If you are thinking of going to Puerto Rico just make sure you stay away from Gran Melia( ZOO) resort!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JSLPuertoRico
<Content>Brutal!!! it's was beautiful!!! in contact with the nature. excelent for families and couples. the trolley serviceis the only that I don't like.they don't pause constantly. the trolleies are the best way to travel between your room and the lobby and other parts of the hotel.very clean.good security. good service.good hospitality.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jiaahgirl
<Content>Okay...but not really worth the money I went to Gran Melia with my parents and 16 year old niece; we had Full American Plan (included meals) and also the Royal Service鈥hich I would recommend. The resort is beautiful and very relaxing but there were some major ups and downs. First off the place is in the middle of no where, so if you do not have a rental car you are stuck there. There are 4 restaurants but only 2 were open each night鈥 am a vegetarian and they simply did not get it. I asked for vegetarian meals but had to resort to eating potatoes and lots of cheese. For the rest of my family who ate meat the meals became tiresome鈥?not a lot of variety. And they were outrageously expensive.Service ranged from excellent to poor, some staff were extremely attentive others especially in the evening restaurants just stunk. The beach鈥here is none. You are really limited to the pool- which is very big but other than that nothing special. Rafts, floats etc are all extra even with the Royal service. As for activities, there are none鈥y poor niece was bored out of her mind. They do have live music in the lounge each nigh but it is a combo鈥ot for dancing. The disco was dead, they said there was a DJ but I never saw him. During the day鈥o beach or pool activities to get teenagers or kid involved.The place was really beautiful but very remote鈥 would not go back again. Also lots of bugs鈥?my mom got bit by an ant which got embedded in her鈥?had to have a doctor remove it. All of the people who were leaving on the shuttle with us had real horror stories鈥e did not; I will only say it was a lot of money for a lot of nothing.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	1	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>treyboy
<Content>Just okay. I just returned from the Gran Melia a few days ago and I wouldn't return. A high percentage of the reviews were correct and I should have listened. THE CHECK-IN: Everytime I walked thru the lobby there was a line that was 10 people deep. Expect to spend an hour in line awaiting check-in. They move slow down there. ROYAL-SERVICE:We did upgrade to the Royal Service and ROYAL it is not. The breakfast buffet for Royal Service is from 7-9. Who gets up that early while on vacation? Other than the Royal Service pool (no kids allowed) there is really no need to upgrade to Royal Service. Shout out to Leslie at the pool. Oh, the Royal Service lounge has free drinks from 7-9, but the service is awful. The ladies at the reception desk in the lounge don't even look up from their computers to say hello and butlers don't really address you either. My suggestion -- only do ROYAL SERVICE if you get the beach front room. At this resort, it isn't worth the $$.THE ROOM:Nice, but just nice. There is a constant mildew smell, but it is close to the ocean and you're just going to have to get use to it. Other than that, the rooms were cleaned on time; ample towels; mattress is comfortable. I'd give the room a B-.ROOM SERVICE:If you want hot food -- don't order room service. They say 30-40 mins. to receive your food, but it's more like 1 hour. One day we waited 2 hrs. and then had to call the General Manager of the hotel to get someone to respond to taking the charge off of our rooms. They're explanation? We don't have enough butlers to bring it over to your room. So it sat there until they found someone. In a nutshell -- awful service.FOOD:This place is expensive. $23.50 for breakfast buffet. $26.50 for lunch and for dinner you must make reservations. Since their ideas of service are different than the continental U.S. you just don't feel comfortable spending $50/per person for a lackluster dinner. In a nutshell -- pretty pools, nice grounds, bad service. Don't spend the money to stay out here. Stay closer into San Juan and eat with the locals.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	1	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Pedro727
<Content>Some changes would make it great... My parents, who live in Puerto Rico, enjoy spending one weekend during the summer at one of the resorts throughout the island every year (and they like to treat their kids and their spouses). After 2 years staying at the El Conquistador, we decided to give the Gran Melia Puerto Rico a chance. My parents had stayed here before (when it was the All Inclusive Paradisus). However, my wife and I had not. Structurally, from the outside, the hotel doesn't look like much. However, once you enter the lobby area, it's a beautiful resort and nicely decorated. The pool area is the main focal point and it's also very nice. The rooms are some of the largest and nicest I've come across (with large bathrooms, large balconies, and marble throughout). Instead of one large high rise building, the hotel is spread out with one main building housing the lobby, casino, shops and restaurants, and several bungalows where all the rooms are located. These are spread out throughout the property. We were in bungalow 10, and even though it wasn't the farthest one from the main building, it was still a 1/4 mile walk.(distances are marked along the paths). Golf carts are constantly going by taking guests from building to building, but don't hold your breath for one. During the 3 days and 2 nights we were there, I was only able to ride them once. This hotel became a Melia resort a few months ago, and unfortunately, the transition seems to be hurting them some. I hope that they can iron the problems because it's the only way that it can truly be a 5 star resort. We encountered some problems, which could've ruined our vacation, however, we tried to make the most of it:- CHECK IN: Veeeery slow. We arrived at 6:00pm. Our reservation was nowhere to be found and they tried to convince us that we had only reserved one room and the hotel was full to capacity (I was not planning on spending my vacation sharing a room with my wife along with my parents!). I asked the lady to allow me to look up my email account where I had saved my confirmation which obviously stated two rooms. Magically, the second room appeared. FINALLY, one hour and 10 minutes after arriving at the hotel, we were on our way to our rooms. The golf carts were nowhere to be found, and after waiting some more, we decided to walk the 1/4 mile to our bungalow. Unfortunately the luggage didn't arrive until 9:00pm (3 hours after we first arrived)! We kept calling, and calling and they kept saying that they were very busy (and apparently the front desk team was also understaffed).- THE ROOM: As mentioned before, it was one of the nicest rooms I've ever had at any resort. The only negative was that there were three phones, but the only one that worked was the one in the bathroom by the toilet! - HOUSEKEEPING: We left our room at 7:00am and returned at 4:00pm only to find out that the room had not been cleaned. We called for clean towels which were delivered promptly. The maid knocked on our door around 5:00pm, but by then, we didn't care about having our bed made so we thanked her but told her not to worry. Once again, I believe their housekeeping team was also understaffed.- FOOD: The only place to eat something without getting raped with the prices is the grill by the pool. Even though $13.50 for a burger is insulting, we expected these prices since this was a resort. The breakfast buffet was $23 per person. Dinner at the Tepanyaki restaurant was $39 per person. Even though the food is obviously overpriced, it was very good. We did feel sorry about our waiter at the restaurant for dinner. Usually, at resorts, and in order to maintain the service that is expected, you would expect several people serving you at once. Our poor waiter was doing an excellent job, but he was all by himself, running like crazy between 2 tepanyaki tables with 10 people at each one, cleaning, bussing, taking orders, serving drinks, cleaning again, serving desserts, and still managed to keep a smile. Dinner was a 2 hour affair, mostly waiting and watching our waiter run from one table to another, but the food was very good. Once again, the problem here seemed to be with staffing.-ENTERTAINMENT: We went to the bar area after dinner, where they had live music, featuring traditional and fun music from the island. It was definitely very entertaining. After that, we went to the casino which is terribly small, but we aren't big gamblers so we didn't care much. After that, we returned to our room where we attempted to get a movie on pay per view, only to find out that we couldn't order because the hotel reservation system didn't show anybody checked in to our room (??). They promised to fix it, but after waiting for 20 minutes, we decided to give up on that idea.FACILITIES: Very nice, but some construction going on as part of the transition. It didn't bother us too much, but there was some jack-hammering during the day which didn't mix too well with the serene atmosphere of a beach resort. Overall this resort will be great once all of the problems mostly caused by understaffing and renovations are addressed, but the experience we had was somewhat dissapointing.The rate was great, but after staying there, we understood why this resort was mysteriously priced substantially lower than all the other resorts in the island....  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>midwestraveller
<Content>A Joke! We stayed at the Gran Melia for 1 night before leaving for Virgin Gorda....we would definitely not go back. The airport shuttle we were told was complimentary...ended up costing us $120 round trip. Once we arrived at the hotel we waited in line for 45 minutes to check in to our room. The staff was not helpful or friendly at all. We finally checked into our room which was a garden view suite. The room was clean and large. We went to eat at one of their many restaurants to find that only one of them was even open and it was a buffet style restaurant that cost $30 per person. We were very disappointed with this hotel and would not recommend it. Go elsewhere!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	1	1	1	

<Author>sus430
<Content>never again myself, my husband, and my 2 teenage children spent our 4th of july vacation at the Gran Melia. We arrived approx 6:30pm. Once on the property we had to wait in line for 1 1/2 hours for check in. Apparently, the hotel was booked solid. When we finally arrived in our rooms, they were beautiful but the smell of mold was overpoweing. The smell was never taken care of during our stay. .It was 8:30 by the time we settled in our room. We went to the lobby to find a restaurant to eat in. To our suprise, there were only two restaurants open. One, we were told was closed for good. and another was under renovations. Since the hotel was full and reservations wereneeded, no reservations were left and our only option was room service. Room service took 2 hours and was $97 for 2 chef salads and 2 chicken cesaer salads. It seemed very over priced to us. Luckily, we were able to rent a car the following day and spend most of our vacation sightseeing. It was a hassle daily with parking as Avis assured us we would not be paying to park. Every day the hotel attempted to collect the $10. Be sure to check the bill at check out as there were many items listed on the bill that we did not authorize. The pool was beautifu, but the filter system was not on 3 days we were there and the water was cloudy with mold growing around the grout of the pool tiles. 2 days my kids room was not cleaned nor fresh towels given. There was not much for my 15 year old to do. not much nightlife. At check out when I asked for a corporate name and number and address, no one could give it to me. think twice before spending your vacation at this resort  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>guy1028
<Content>ROBBED.... STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE i really should of read the reviews on tripadvisor before i booked this place.. number 1 this place is isolated no place to eat for lunch except the jail food they put at the buffet everyday in this resort.. night life you can forget about...on the third day of my stay my safe was open as well as my sliding door to my balcony (the balcony was on the ground floor) when i contacted the front desk they hung up the phone on me 3 times...we actually went to the front desk to tell them they did nothing about it just a im sorry..the next day we came in our room and again the safe was open and money missing..this place is disgusting...the only thing that i loved about this place was the lady that worked for avis rent a car she was so helpful we love her!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>n_baker8
<Content>Wish I would have read the reviews before booking this hotel! The resort was very beautiful and I had a great time but there were enough annoyances that I would not return. First, we had to wait in line for close to one hour just to check in! We were really upset by the time we actually approached the counter and had to deal with an unfriendly worker who not only failed to apologize but blamed the wait on the fact that it was a holiday weekend. This only made me more upset since it was clear that the long wait was a failure on the part of the resort to adequately staff the reception desk. I asked if we had to stand in this line to check out and was told that we would receive the bill under our door on the last day and there was no need to check out. There was no bill under our door and so again we had to wait in a long line.The other major annoyance was that you had to have your parking validated every time you wanted to leave the hotel which again required you to wait in line. Although, we were really happy that we had a car so that we could leave the resort for our meals and avoid the over priced restaurants that were part of the hotel.Oh the plus side, the pool was really beautiful and we enjoyed the kayaks and other amenities that the resort had to offer.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>talb
<Content>Not very user friendly I didn't much care for the place but after reading the other reviews it appears that it has improved from its low point in the spring. The room, for example, did not smell musty and was clean, although the shower took a long time to drain. However, it still has a ways to go, and some things can't be fixed. For example, unlike every other resort I've ever seen, the pool, nice as it is, isn't in the center of the resort but off to one end, a VERY long distance from the rooms. During our stay the shuttle ran fairly often until a convention came and most of the shuttles were reserved only for attendees. The beach is narrow and the water not very inviting, although one employee said that will be fixed when the hotel convinces the government that they should be allowed to blow up the reef!Renting a car is a must, considering the cost of the hotel shuttle and on site restaurants. I never saw a taxi at the property. Unfortunately, the hotel charges $10 a day to park, even though its in the middle of nowhere. And the system for paying couldn't be more annoying and inefficient. Every time you enter the property you must take a ticket. When you leave you have to have the ticket validated at the parking office at the opposite end of the hotel from the rooms. Apparently they never heard of a parking pass. The 15 unnecessary speed bumps on the way out to the main road manage to make the experience even more annoying.We never ate at the hotel, instead we bought pastries and drinks at the very good but inexpensive bakery on the main road and kept them in the small refrigerator in the room. We had lunch several times at the bakery near the Wyndham Rio Mar, which had great inexpensive sandwiches made to order. There were lots of restaurants within a few miles, probably better than those at the hotel and certainly much cheaper.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>CASunshine57
<Content>Stay Away from Gran Melia Puerto Rico I stayed at the Gran Melia Puerto Rico from June 26 - July 1, 2007 as part of a convention and I was in the overflow hotel since the rest of the attendees were primarily at the Rio Mar (I WISH I COULD HAVE STAYED THERE!). You need a rental car as the resort is remote, and I rented from Budget. $10.70 to park at the resort. they had a local PR group of 600 from ECONO Supermarket that took over the whole hotel - NOISY AND I COULDNT FIND PARKING. Food is overpriced and I ate breakfast buffet at 23 bucks daily but I HAD IT FREE because it came with my room. I ate dinner once at the Toscano and it was COLD, NO SERVICE. My room at check-in was not ready at 3pm and it took 40 minutes to check me in when it was ready at 3:30pm. NO BEACH AT THIS RESORT. I went to the beach at the Rio Mar and it was GREAT! The hotel staff here at the desk is slow and couldn't answer questions. The hotel operator couldn't tell me how to get from the Budget car rental to the hotel and when she transfered me to the concierge, the phone rang and rang and I hung up out of frustration. Budget Car Rental saved the day and told me how to get there. I ate at Don Pepe's which is close to the Rio Mar and was good. I took my own tour of the Rain Forest (YOU NEED YOUR CAR OR HOTEL CHARGES A FORTUNE TO DRIVE YOU TEHRE). I went to Old San Juan with my car and it was easy. I am from Los Angeles and the drivers in PR are just as nuts so HAY NO PROBLEMA for me to drive. TINY ANTS INFESTED MY LUGGAGE AND ARE IN THE WALLS OF THE VILLA ROOMS. I WAS GIVEN RAID TO FEND THEM OFF - MOTH BALL YOUR LUGGAGE WHEN YOU GET HOME TO GET RIDE OF THESE FLEA SIZED NON-BITING ANTS.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	5	

<Author>drawart
<Content>Gran Melia- A resort with noisy construction and no ocean swimming, small rocky b We were so disappointed with the Gran Melia and felt isolated and stuck there because it is so expensive to leave the property (I was told $70 to catch a cab to go eat somewhere else).First thing we did after calling service to remove the bloody towels left by prior occupant and clean one of our rooms was take a walk to see the beach and ocean. I was flabergasted to find NO ocean swimming, as I had gone on Sol Melia vacation site to see photos of this hotel- out of the 8 photos they show on the slide show, only 2 were actually taken on site. The others were stock photos. There was just no swimming in the ocean at all. The photos showed a beautiful smiling family on a white beach, and also a man relaxing in the wavesof a blue ocean on a lounge chair. I really think Gran Melia should remove these photos as they certainly are misleading.AND in addition, there was non -stop construction at the pool/beach area- and I mean JACKHAMMERING! The first day there was hammering andlarge areas cordoned off with caution tape. Then 2 entire days of jackhammering which did not let up until sundown. The 4th day I was given a complimentary excursion by management for 2 of us (oh well, we were a party of 4 that had purchased TWO rooms!!!). The hammering was so loud 2 of us were delighted to get away from the Gran Melia for the day.We thought the food was very high priced and with no outdoor grill orless expensive food available, we were just stuck. There was no warning about the construction- They did have a great gym and thank goodness for that The pool is huge but no deep area to swim-We were very disappointed to fly 3000 miles only to find jackhammers and caution tape, no ocean swimming, very expensive food. Also, bring lots of games for your kids from home, it's a very long night with only a small game room, and you aretotally isolated here.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	2	4	2	3	1	

<Author>bbg720
<Content>Enjoyed it.....       Our cabana by the pool  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>SCBride
<Content>Gorgeous but pricey My husband and I stayed at the Gran Melia this past week for our honeymoon. I must say, when I got to the resort, I thought it was incredible. The pool was gorgeous, the view was breathtaking and the hotel was beautiful. I was a little disappointed that the outdoor grill wasnt open due to the resort making some changes. Unfortunately, I do have to agree with the other people who reviewed this resort. They definitely nickle and dime you to death here. We had the meal plan thank goodness which covered our breakfast and only covered either lunch or dinner so we mostly used it on our dinner. Our first day when we got here, we were about to starve and ate at Caribeno which was a buffet. We about had a heart attack when we got the bill which was $53 without the tip. There wasnt much else to do though bc the resort doesnt offer any type of sandwich shop which wouldve been nice for lunch instead of a huge buffet. After that, we felt like we had to eat all we could bc of the price so we endd up overeating all week!! My husband went and played golf at the Coco Beach golf club and it was very nice. The views were gorgeous with mountains on one side and beach on the other. The golf club is right down the road but the resort charged us $20 to drive us down there (Pretty ridiculous if you ask me) I went to the spa the same day for a massage. It was great but it was very pricey and I think very comparabe to the $80 massages I normally get where I live (ended up paying $135 as gratiuity is included). We decided to order room servie one night to save money and my husband wasnt feeling too good. All we ordered was 2 grilled chicken sandwiches (no drinks) and a slice of choclate cake....oh yes, they charged us $60!! I simply couldnt get over the food prices my whole trip down there. If anyone frm the resort is reading this, you MUST add an affordable lunch option!! I would say that the food options were my only complaint. The staff was very nice (esp Mark and David), the tour desk and concierge service. Our room was nice with a nice view (was a little far away from everything though). Overall, we had a great experience with this resort. If I give a low score, it's only bc of the lack of food options and the expensive food prices.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>claudster22
<Content>Beautiful but has problems. We stayed at the Gran Melia PR from May 29-June 4, 2007 for our honeymoon. First off, the hotel is beautiful. The grounds are gorgeous, the pool is awesome and without a doubt the best thing about this hotel. The beach although not very swimable is very prettyas well. The lounge chairs everywhere are relaxing and the cabanas surrounding the pool area are great to lay down, relax and take a good nap. The room was spacious and beautiful as well. Very high celings with a very large marble bathroom. However.................there were many drawbacks. The food and drinks are extremely overpriced and too expensive to really be able to enjoy. We were on a budget, but even if we weren't still think prices are too high. We ate only at the Avocado once for breakfast. All the restaurants are buffet or a la carte. The breakfast at the Avocado although they had a great variety, was mediocre. We payed $48 just for my husband and I and it was not worth it! All the food was cold, the eggs rubbery, the bagels stale an dry. I even spotted a few flies flying around the cold cuts. Pretty gross! Needless to say at those prices we did not eat at the hotel again. The pool swim up bar closes at 6pm! Not much fun if you are on vacation. We could not enjoy the swim up bar either because they charged us $20 for a Long Island Iced Tea and a substitue for a Mojito (they ran out of mint and mix)! The drinks were practically non-alcoholic too. Very weak. Beers cost $8-9 dollars a piece! From then on we went to a loca supermarket, stocked up on beers and wine, bought a foam cooler and kept it in our room. They don't let you walk around with glass bottles or glasess though, so make sure you get some plastic cups too. The Mirador Grill one of the other restaurants by the pool was closedthe whole time we were there. Apparently they will re-open again, butwhat a shame we could not even try that one out. It's an outdoor restaurant with views of the ocean. You are not allowed to eat outside at any of the other restaurants even though they have chairs and tables set up outside.The biggest issue with this hotel is the parking. What an incovenience and mess! Not only do you have to pay $15 a day to park your car, but they do not even have enough spots to accomodate all the people staying there. During the week not as bad, but on the weekends they have a lot of proms, graduation parties, weddings, etc.On two separate occassions we came back from the beaches outside and could not find parking anywhere. We had to valet park. It was an unorganized mess. The worst part was that later on that night when we tried to go out of the hotel for dinner, they could not find our car. They had lost the keys to our car and it took them an hour to find it! Needless to say we lost our dinner resrvations and by the time we got to the restaurant it was closed. They need a better parking system and more parking spaces. It seems they cater more to their weekend party people than their guests. Another thing, the hotel is located in an area that is far and isolated from the highway(Rt. 3). Just to get out of the hotel we had to drive 5 min. and go over 15 speed bumps (yes, I counted). What a hassle! It makes you not want to go anywhere, which is probably what they want. Aside from those problems, the service was pretty good. People and staff were nice and friendly. Jose at the front desk was very helpful and accomodating when we checked out. After telling him our problems he was kind enough to knock off some of the parking fees and a discount on our whole bill.This is a good place to stay only if you plan on being in the pool all day and spending all your money there and nowhere else. If you are the type of people who like to explore and experience being in another country, this is not for you. We ate at Amadeus in Old San Juan once, it was delicious. There are also 2 restaurants off of Route 3 East, one called El Meson next to a Suzuki dealership and one near entrance to Whyndham Rio Mar called Antojitos. Both were very good and reasonably priced.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>jfn
<Content>We are here now - we will never come back! We have been here since this past Sat - we are here now actually - beautiful resort - staff are all very nice and very accomodating. Royal Service is the ONLY way to go here. If you are looking for a beach, which most are in the Carribean, then do not come to this hotel. There is NO BEACH, which for us is a huge dissappointment. Otherwise the hotel is in transition right now from all inclusive to not all inclusive which adds to the confusion around here. For example room service has no prices on menus, etc. Food at Restaurants is very good. Lunch is VERY LIMITED. You can go to the buffet for $25 pp or starve - and the hours are only from 12-3pm. There are only 4 restaurants open to us right now of the 6 advertised. Romatico and Bamboo are excellent. Avocado is ok. But we have been told all names of the restaraunts will change over next week. So not sure how much that will help....but at The Royal Service Lounge you can have continental breakfast as well as complimentary drinks and snacks all day. Hotel is 45 minutes it seems from anywhere. There are no complimentary transfers to anywhere at all. A taxi will cost anywhere from $80-$120 ONE WAY to Old San juan for example. Rental car - plus or minus $60. Make sure you fill up after use of vehicle - they charge $10 per gallon if you don't. There is no night life. To say the least this is a very mellow resort. If you are looking for total isolation and relaxation then great - but if you like a little bit of entertainment - then don't come here. Casino is fun - small - but all you need if you are into that sort of thing. We don't have kids but it does not seem like a place for children if you are looking for a family get away. Just want to say again - staff and service are great - and hotel is beautiful and clean. Just not the place for us. Hope this helps!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	1	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jodaly
<Content>The bad and the good We stayed at the Gran Melia from June 1st to June 5th. We had read the many reviews so were a little nervous about what we were getting ourselves into. We went with a big group of family. We knew there had to be some catch because we got a great price for a 5 star resort. The hotel was about 35 minutes from the airport. It was not a bad ride at all. I will start with the bad..We get to the hotel, pull up and just sit there with our car inthe front(being that we had gone to many other 5 stars inthe past we just assumed a valet person would come and open up the doors for us) which they didnt so we sat there. We then waited to check in for about an hour. Not only were there about 2 people behind the check in desk(with a big line) but they kept dissapearing leaving us to wonder if we would ever check in. When we finally checked in, the girl was not partically friendly. She didnt give us to much information when we asked. We finally got our room. We went to the pool(which I have to say is beautiful) I was hungry but apparently there was only 1 place to have lunch which was a 25 dollar buffet. No place for a burger or just a snack The room was far away from the pool but being that we are active people, we didnt mind walking and seeing the grounds( plus they do have shuttles, which I never saw before). When we got back, I went to take a shower and the shower was filthy. There was hair in it! We complained(which we never usually do) and we ended up getting upgraded to a nice suite. The suite was modern and clean. After that we went to Toscano and had a very so so buffet. We ended up talking to the head guy of the restaurants, who explained to us about the changes going on there and to be patient. He ended up picking up the tab for our troubles and giving us a wonderful dinner the next night for a birthday we were having in the family. So they were very accomodating. Long story short, the next few days ended up much better. This hotel is going through many changes from all inclusive to not all inclusive and the facilites are meant for all inclusive so some restuarants do not have bars, 2 out of 5 were closed due to renovations. A few things to know..Although all the buffets are expensive, You can have continental breakfast for half price at the buffet. We did not know this till the last day. We ended up having fruit, cereal, and all breads for 1/2 price. They dont tell you that though you have to ask. It is the same for lunch.Romanticos was a nice place to eat with good service. Toscano, the buffet was not worth the money. There are restaurants and delis outside the resort on the main road you just have to ask where. I believe in about 6 months this resort will be lovely and much better. The grounds are really beautiful and serene. We went to ElYunque(not a bad 20 Minute drive) and hiked for an hour and to Old San Juan, about an hour drive. Defintely rent a car!! and NOT from Dollar!! Its cheap but u get what you pay for. I would stay there again, but once it is all finished and completed. but I probably wont be able to afford it then!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>RobD1966
<Content>Do Not Stay here!!! Terrrible Service 1. Just got our bill and they charged us $150 for a late check-out fee, although we were clearly out by 12 noon. We called the front desk for a golf cart at 11:30...No golf cart showed up, we waited for 30 minutes and finally decided to walk our 3 suitcases and 2 backpacks about the 1/2 mile to our car in 90 degree weather! Terrrible!!!!! 2. They $25 charged us for a room service we never ordered!3. I Just called to give them a chance to fix things and again the service was the worst...Sorry sir the maids said you were still in the room at 2pm....We were half way to Isabella by then.4. One out of the two Room Keys did not work after the first night...I called for them to send another key and no one every came...We had to leave the door latch open when we were not together....I explained that we left the latch to keep the door open when we left just in case the maids key was not workin,,,,but no unstanding what so ever....5. Service at Restraunts was horrible, we ordered a regular dinner and it felt like our server was a buffet server...She didn't care. I asked for bread before our dinner, and she said go ahead and get some at the buffet counter...We did not order a buffet....I ordered wine. It was one of the smallest glasses to put wine in...6. The limited selection from the 3 out of the 6 expensive restaurants that were open wasn't very good. Either too salty, greasy, or cold when it should have been hot. A couple that had a small child went out of there way to complain to us about how there was no child meal, and they had to pay full price for a meal for there 5 year old...7. In conclusion, I read some one elses review, and should have listened and not stayed here...They do nickle and dime you to death, the resort is 3 or 4 miles from the main road, so you are stuck there to eat, and when the service and food is bad...thats not good8. The only upside, was the pool was nice.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>teeWashington_Dc
<Content>Beautiful hotel, very expensive to eat there I stayed at the hotel for five nights during the Memorial Day holiday. The pools were gorgeous as well as the landscaping. It was set back from the main streets which for some I guess that can be a good thing. Very relaxing. What I did not expect was for the food at the hotel restaurants to be so expensive. We were literally in shock when we ate lunch at the buffet at Avocado and received the bill of $100 for three. We then decided to try breakfast thinking that would be alot better......$23 per person for breakfast at Avocado. The next night we went to Bamboo for dinner....I had a very small portion but the price was still steep. The staff was very polite, they made sure our rooms were in tip top shape everyday. The only problem we encountered was the expensive food. We finally decided to go grocery shopping but since our fridge was small, we couln't buy too many things that needed refrigeration. It still saved a great deal of money doing it that way though...So, overall the experience was nice, the hotel and grounds were beautiful, but the food was VERY expensive. If you are there for a week, eating all three meals, you will be paying around $1,000 if not more.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Countcost
<Content>Has potential but has many problems Spent 5 nights for business and pleasure at resort. Here are the goodparts. Nice pool, gardens and facility overall. Beach is long but in most places pretty thin. The resort seems to be on a point and it blocks most wave action near the beach which results in very still waters. Rooms were quite large and nice overall. The rooms are cabanastyle and pretty spread out on the facility. Expect to walk quite a bit. The hotel offers golf cart shuttle service for your bags and self but it can be spotty. Now for the bad. You are isolated. If you do not have a car, you are stuck with the hotel food service which is mediocre at best. It is pricey too boot. Check-in took me about 1/2 hour. Service is spotty and overall slow. (My room was always nicely made and cleaned each day however.) Forget about taking a cab to explore the area because they cannot promise you that you will get a cab to return (especially at night.) The hotel is about an houraway from Old San Juan. There are no nearby resturants. The rainforest is nearby however. There is a golf course (Coco Beach) nearby but expect to pay $10 shuttle service for a van to take you a 1/4 mile. The course is expensive which is typical for outsiders in PR and not well maintained. It has a pretty nice design but needs a lot of maintenance. Some bunkers had nice powdery sand, others had rock-filled dirt. Overall, there are better choices in San Juan area.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Shane27
<Content>Great!! But be careful!!! The hotel was great. Very nice pool and facilities areas. But be careful with your credit card! We stayed for the memorial weekend, May 25-27, 07 and they trying to charge my credit card for services that im not use. $371.00 for dinners and gratuities at the Advocado's restaurant (i never went to that restaurant), Pool bar beverages, Lobby bar beverages, Food all inclusives (the funny part is that the hotel it's not all inclusive anymore, so i never eat anything!!!) but the charges appears on my credit card. So I recommend this hotel, but be careful on the chek-out with the charges. That was the only problem that i had.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Travelsquirrel
<Content>Cancelled after one night When we got to the hotel, we had a 0.5 mile trek from the parking lot to our villa. The security guard posted at the entrance ignored us (would have been nice to know that a shuttle service ran!) While the property is rather nice and the rooms were nice, it's so spread out that you have to take a shuttle to the pool, which just isn't very helpful if you need to go back to your room.The hotel does a good job at extra costs - 6 phone calls to San Juan (short calls to book another hotel) = $34.00; parking (nightly, in the middle of nowhere Puerto Rico) = 10.00.This place is not a vacation destination - it's good for conventions and that's about it.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	3	3	1	

<Author>milk41358
<Content>Very nice, but not worth $500 per night First of all -- this place was STUPID EXPENSIVE. I didn't have much choice though. I was a cheapo for our honeymoon, and I have been paying for it ever since. I was told by our travel agent that we were getting the Royal Service for no extra charge, which may or may not be true. And, I think if not, then not, our agent was only relaying what she saw on her screen. Anyway, we got a beach-front room even though we were told we were only getting a garden-view room. Maybe it was a mistake. Whatever. I didn't complain about it. It was a great room.Food -- Pretty good! I think almost everything there was good, but I was told by many that the sushi was lousy. We ate at every restaurant, and I had no complaints except that maybe the AC was a little intense at Toscano. I had filet mignon every night, except for the night I had a ribeye. Ahhhh.We were on the all-inclusive plan. (More about that later.) I cannot imagine what it would cost for a meal. I think the bills for our meals would have been around $150 for dinner alone each night (meal, appetizers, deserts, drinks and wine ). Trust me, if we had not been on all-inclusive, we wouldn't have gotten such extravagant meals. We are simple, humble folk.Remember, money really wasn't an issue. I would have spent most anything to provide my wife with a relaxing vacation. Trust me -- she deserved it.The Royal Service was DEFINITELY the way to go. I loved the Royal Service lounge. Anytime I wanted, I could pop in to use the computer or get a drink without having to wait at the bar. The computer was very nice, and I was able to take care of a little business at home while I was away. Snacks were also provided in the lounge. The Royal Service pool was nice, but small.SERVICE -- People like to talk about the laid back atmosphere of the Caribbean. Yeah, that's great except for when you're paying $500 per day for your room, and time really is money -- a lot of money. You will spend a lot of time (and money) waiting if you don't raise your voice. Some people call it rudeness. I call it ASSERTIVENESS, and sometimes your level of ASSERTIVENESS must rise to meet the hosts' LEVEL OF APATHY. If someone on the staff is being dismissive or slow to act, SPEAK UP. It's your money. (More about that later.)Remember, YOU DESERVE GOOD SERVICE. if you demand good service, you will get it. If you are o.k. with someone wasting your heard-earned money, then by all means, keep quiet. This is rated as a 5-Start Hotel, and you SHOULD EXPECT BETTER. The SPA: My wife loved it. She had a massage, and some of that other stuff. It was o.k. with me, but I don't really get into spas. I had a massage by a very pretty young lady, and I wasn't sure how to deal with that. I mean, if I'm enjoying it, am I being unfaithful? But, isn't the point of the massage to enjoy it? Every time, I started to relax, I thought Oh, this feels too good. Then, I would think, hmmm, better not enjoy it too much, right? Oh, too much confusion. Too many questions. And, no booze at the spa. Apparently, drinking prior to getting into a hot tub is dangerous.The ROOM: Very nice -- just like the website photos, but the floor was marble and very slippery. The TV was great. I looked through the pay-per-views movies. There must have been 50 ADULT movies. Geez, how many dirty movies can one person watch in a week? It seemed like overkill. The bed was o.k. The AC was great. Bathroom was nice also. We had a no-so-private hot tub on our porch facing the ocean. It was o.k., but we learned one night that it's REAL easy to lock yourself out. Someone had to come and open the door for us. We also learned that the secondary lock was useless. (It's kinda like a door chain but steel bar instead of chain.) They have been bent open to disable them. The maintenance guy just unlocked the door came right in even though we had the lock on that is supposed to be opened only from the inside. Also, I liked the in-room safe. It opens with a code rather than a key.ROOM SERVICE: LOUSY, LOUSY, LOUSY even though we supposedly had Royal Service. And, when you check in, CARRY YOUR OWN BAGS TO YOUR ROOM. We waited HOURS to get our bags. I had to berate the front deck baggage man just to get our clothing. We wanted to get to the pool, but they were holding out luggage hostage. It was at this point that we started learning about that laid back attitude that we could come to loathe. We could have easily carried the luggage the five-minute walk to the room, but they insisted so we relented. We didn't make that same mistake when we checked out. POOL: Fantastic, just like in the website photos.BEACH: Not so great. There's a lot of muck and plants in to water, but another person told me that once you get past that the snorkeling wasn't so bad. EXCURSIONS: We went snorkeling with the on-site company. It was just o.k. The water was choppy and deep. It also took forever just to get there, and I was glad when it was over. We used a rental car to explore Old San Juan and the forts -- definitely worth seeing -- as well as El Yunque Rain Forest. El Yunque was o.k., but it looked pretty much like the mountains of NC, which I can see anytime. The only difference were the Coqui frogs. There's a hike they tell you to take to a waterfall -- not worth it, in my opinion unless you LOVE waterfalls and you plan to swim. And, AVOID THE CEMETERY AREA IN SAN JUAN. Just don't go there or to the tiny ocean-side neighborhood next to it. These are DANGEROUS areas.RENTAL CAR: After waiting in line for two hours, I learned that our RENTAL CAR WAS NOT AVAILABLE when we went to pick it up at the on-site HERTZ desk. Our reservation was apparently not a reservation. Instead, your reservation is merely the right to reserve a reservation. There was no car available for our first day, and nothing would change that. After much of my yelling, which regrettably made the HERTZ lady cry, we got a Pontiac Aztec at a very low rate. But, we only got it for one day. The next day we got a Cadillac. The Hertz lady was very nice, but she was constrained by the lack on a computer on-site. She said she didn't know what she would get each day. If you plan to rent, see the Hertz lady a day ahead to get everything sorted out. They most likely will NOT have what you reserved so be prepared to be disappointed. ALL-INCLUSIVE: Better than paying every time, and with the prices like the were -- $8 for a drink, $100 for dinner -- it worked better for us. I'll gladly pay extra to avoid extra hassles. Some people didn't get the all-inclusive plan. There was some kind of an electrician's convention, and one of the wives was begging for drinks at the bar. She didn't have an all-inclusive wrist band on. She claimed she couldn't get the bartender's attention, and wanted me to order for her. It was annoying. I knew what she was doing so I said, I will order a drink and swim away. If it's not here when I get back, I'll just assume it got poured out. Luckily, the bartender never came back to me. He was too busy taking care of the people who were tipping.TIPPING: In spite of the all-inclusive talk, TIPPING STILL MATTERS. I found that I got much more attention when I gave the bartender a few dollars. We tipped one guy really well, and he spent the evening coming with new drinks for us and a couple we went snorkeling with. One was on fire. I also taught the bartender a new drink. MUCHO DRINKO. MUCHO HANGOVERO. SUMMARY:Pool - A Beach - CFood - A Service - C- (But F if you consider that this is rated a 5-star hotel.) Accommodations - B+ Rental Car - D Old San Juan / Forts - A It was 70/30, but the poor service brought everything else down. I will not return, and I can recommend it only with a warning to BE ASSERTIVE so that you will get what you paid for.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	1	5	

<Author>hockey16mark
<Content>Save your money; This place has problems We stayed here from May 16th - May 20th as part of a business trip that was won. This place is all inclusive but we hear that is going away. This place has some major problems. It could be so much better with a little work. Here's our story: We checked in and our room on the 1st floor was terribly musty. I read the previous reviews so I knew this may happen. Before we unpacked we called and they offered to Bomb the room with some spray that I knew would not work. They brought a service AC guy who played the acting part and acted surprise about the smell and said the AC was not working but I knew better. We told them to change our room and asked to move up to a 2nd floor room which was better I figured just like your basement often can have a musty smell. It was still musty but better. Still the keys did not work and they had to go back to get new keys. All of this before we even got started. I notice on the thermostats in the room it has a motion detector that the hotel can use to save energy by turning up or off the AC when no one is in the rooms to save money. That is why I am assuming the rooms are musty are that they don't run the AC enough as I asked our friends and their rooms were must y also. The next issue was the restaurants. Only a few were open. Romantico was under construction; another one by the ocean was closed so it was down to basically 1 or 2 places to eat. The problem is you are far away and stuck at the resort unless you rent a car or take a taxi. We ended up eating at the same place for 8-9 meals as thats all that was open. The service was spotty; you had to keep reminding them to bring you water or something they missed. The food was so so. I never saw any managers which is why I think this place is hurting. The staff is doing its best with what it has to work with. They do not have enough people to serve and no one is there managing them. If they had managers at each restaurant and at key places around the hotel it would be so much better. Avocado's was fair to good and so was Bamboo. The rest were not rated highly. They served steak one night and said they had no steak knives but the next night they would. Go figure ! Our bathtub was clogged and drained very slowly so you had to take showers in a pool of water. We asked our friends and some had the same issue. Our room lamp was broken and they had to tape it up. The porch had red ants that were biting. The checkout line during the rush time in the morning had only 1 person to check you out. I could go on. The drinks were all included but they measured 1 shot max for every drink so you never could get buzzed. I stuck with beer so I knew what I was getting. Good things included the grounds, landscaping, pool and pool bar and the bell hop and casino bar. The best was the pool.The service got better during the weekend when more people came to the hotel because they added service people. Good place if you just hang out by the pool. Other than that avoid avoid avoid. We were lucky that the company paid for everything or I would have been really steaming. The beach was unusable due to vegetation and/or coral. Our friends went golfing for $200+ and it was under construction with backhoes and construction equipment all over. They were able to get half their money back after waiting 20 minutes to meet with the golf pro.My take; if they added managers and tried to tackle the problems this place could be so very very good. It could be a great turnaround story. The layout is great and has alot of potential. This place could easily be a Ritz Carlton if they put service first. Instead they try to cut corners and be cheap in all the wrong places by turning off AC; reducing staff levels; and not putting the guests first since all the problems were reoccuring based on previous reviews and our friends who said the same things.With new owners now they have a chance to make it better. They need to get to work. Stay away for now and check reviews in a few months or a year.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	2	2	

<Author>30WINKS
<Content>2.5 Stars on a Good Day The stay was during the first week of May and had been booked when the resort was all inclusive. The staff was moody. The same food was served day after day after day. The rooms had bugs in them. The dirty linen was left outside the rooms all day long. I was charged for services that I did not use. When I tried to resolve the problems via phone, I was given the run around and sent to numerous voice mails. I have turned this merchant in to VISA and am disputing the charges. The grounds were poorly kept and the facility is in need of a lot of maintenance. There is no way that this should be considered a 5 star resort. I have had better experiences at Motel 6. I cannot recommend this resort to anybody, except to tell them to avoid it.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>chicagotvd
<Content>Felt like prison Gran Melia was once an all-inclusive which would have been great, except they changed two days prior to our arrival. Positives:Beautiful resort, great pool, okay service.Negatives:Way too expensive...Corona's were $7.00. An 8 ounce draft of local beer was $6.00. Food was TERRIBLE. The hotel is 3.5 miles from the main drag which limits any walking that you want to do. Gran Melia is an all-inclusive type hotel minus the all-inclusiveness. Suggestions:Rent a car at the airport. Transfers to the Hotel are $60.00 per person for a round trip ($120.00 for my wife and I). Do the math, you can rent a car for a week on that money. My wife and I ended up renting from the Avis at the hotel (at least $20.00 more than at the airport) and drove ourselfs around the island just to get away from the resort which didn't have much to offer except the sun.If you want to enjoy a cocktail or two during the day...go to the local grocery store, buy a six or twelve pack and bring it in. Or, buy some rum and mixers and bring it in. You'll save yourself a bunch of money.This hotel/resort is great if you have a lot of money to spend and want to sit by a pool all day. But, if you want to experience a true Puerto Rican environment and get bored laying out, rent a car, drive to the east side of the island, find a remote beach, and hang out in the many beach side cities. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO DO MORE THEN LAY DOWN ALL DAY.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DerrickWTampa
<Content>No where close to a 5 star. Not worth the price. My wife and I stayed there from 4/23 - 4/26 and were pretty disappointed with the service that we received. From the time we got to our room until the time we left, it all went downhill. For being an advertised 4 diamond hotel we were amazed that the service was so sloppy and the rooms were in the condition that they were in. After check in we got to our room and the key didn't work. That was ok, because these things do happen, but when the securities key didn't work we should have known that it was going to be a problem. After waiting almost 30 minutes to get into our room it got worse. We entered our room and the smell of mildew was so over whelming that we could not stay in the room. The wall where the bathroom was located had water stains and the tile did as well. We called the front desk and told them that we will be going to dinner and passing by to have our rooms changed as per David. After dinner we did just that and we were assured that our bags would be brought to our new room. We spent time in the lobby and finally decided to go back to our newly assigned room after about 2 and a half hours to find that our luggage was not yet moved to our room. It was about midnight and we wanted to get ready for bed in hopes that the next day would be better. Not to mention that the new room also had the smell of mildew. We were very surprised that a hotel of that caliber would have rooms under these conditions. After working in the hotel industry myself in the past, it made me feel as though these rooms were maintenance rooms and the only time these rooms are usually used is when the hotel has been over booked. The service at the restaurants were also lacking. The food was great, but the service was very slow at the Avocado Grill. The Bamboo was wonderful, but our reservation was at 9:30 and we were not seated until 10:15. I think Romantico was the only restaurant in the resort that we had a great experience. Room service was horrid. We ordered room service and it took almost 2 hours to be received and the food was cold when received, not to mention the beverages were warm. Like I said, we were very disappointed and when we mentioned the issues we had, all we received in return was a mere I'm sorry and nothing was done to make sure that we were satisfied or taken care of for our inconveniences. In my opinion, this hotel is not a 4 diamond/5 stars. I wouldn't even give it 2 stars. Not worth the money. Extremely disappointed as it has such wonderful potential. And we were approached with the opportunity of purchasing a vacation club package, but if our experience was different our decision may have been different.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	4	

<Author>cway
<Content>Can't recommend it Stayed in a Royal Service oceanfront room. Nice, spacious. Odd smell. Pretty view of natural beach. Pretty resort overall.Nice but small Royal Service pool. Pool butlers were inconsistent. Some remained at the bar and did not provide individual service.Beach unfit for swimming due to large volume of water vegetation.Restaurants: Romantico good food and service. Avocado okay.Asian-CONfusion awful, AVOID. Toscano embarassingly terrible, you honestly will not believe how bad it is; AVOID. Try Don Pepe's just west on Hwy 3. Very good Puerto Rican food. Friendly owner  staff.Royal Service lounge: clerks at desk were mediocre. Not too helpful. Tried to charge us for an extra night. Beware.This is not a 5 star resort.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>USAlawyer
<Content>A terrific resort Our family stayed at the Paradisus - Puerto Rico for a week in mid April 2007, and had a wonderful time. The grounds are lovely - beautifully landscaped and well maintained. The rooms are spacious and nicely furnished. (The bathroom is large with marble floors and countertops, large mirror and terrific water pressure). The AC works well - actually a bit too strong for my taste - so the ceiling fan was fine. There was a musty odor when we first got to the room - which seems to emanate from the AC unit. As soon as we turned it off, and used the fan, the odor was eliminated.Negative comments about the staff should simply be disregarded. From the reservation desk, to the poolside bar to the activities center - all of the staff with whom we interacted were friendly and helpful. Everyone we encountered greeted us warmly and with a smile. As long as you are friendly and courteous, you will receive the same in return.The beach is not what most envision for the Caribbean - it is rocky with seaweed patches. But all you would need are aqua shoes and you are set to go. The water is warm and clear - actually warmer than the pool on some days! There are kayaks and boats to use or just a long stretch of coast to walk and find shells.During our trip, the Paradisus was still an all-inclusive. The choice of restaurants was fine. We had breakfast each day at Caribeno - a wonderful assortment (eggs, fresh omelettes, pancakes, bacon, oatmeal, fresh fruit, blintzes, muffins, bagels, juices, and Puerto Rican specialties etc.). It also has a lunch buffet that was great. We had lunch at Mirador grill since it was closest to the pool. The lunch there is average, but one could always find something to satisfy the appetite. The dinner choices (beyond Mirador Grill) were Romantico (adult only, so since we have a teenager and 8-year-old we did not try it); Bamboo (a Japanese hibatchi-style restaurant - very nice, tasty - John Carlo was our chef and was terrific); Avocado (typical steakhouse - make sure to have the shrimp at the buffet - they are large and delicious); Toscano (rather pedestrian Italian fare). All in all, the selections were numerous, the entrees were well presented, and the staff at each restaurant was attentive and pleasant. Keep in mind, this is not a resort know for gourmet food. However, there is something for everyone, and in general, the food was above average.A few tips - check-out is at noon. Be sure to check out at 8:30 to avoid the rush. You can then leave your bags in a locked room near the front entrance, enjoy the remainder of your stay at the pool and then shower and change in a fully-equipped salon next to where you leave your bags. Don't book trips to El Yunque rainforest or Old San Juan through the hotel. The costs are exhorbitant. Instead, rent a car from the Avis representative at the hotel (Gina was ours - she was great). We rented a car for a day ($70) and went to the rainforest (20 minutes away), Luquillo Beach (another 10 minutes away) and then drove back west to Old San Juan. If we had booked the tour through the hotel, this would have cost more than $500 for the 4 of us. We'd go back to Paradisus tomorrow. It was wonderful.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bubbles3266
<Content>Paradisus was Paradise!! For a 5 star property, we give this one a TEN! Loved the food, drinks, pool, room,hospitality, beach and Casino. We had read that the beach was full of coral, and it was, but we were ready for it with shoes.. We kayaked and the water was so calm and clear. We could walk all the way either direction and see nothing but water, fish and trees. We have stayed at the Sol Melia chain in the past and loved it, but this one left us in awe! The cart service to the rooms is so nice and they are willing to wait if you need something in a hurry from the room. Top shelf drinks and fabulous food really topped the week for us. We are sad that they are changing from an all inclusive on May 1st, 2007. That is the way to go. Puerto Rico was great, safe and very beautiful!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wmrc
<Content>Paradisus is Not Paradise Our party of 4 spent 5 nights at Paradisus in March 2007. One of our travelers walks with a cane and has difficulty standing alone. Our sad experiences began with the doorman. We arrived in the afternoon and after standing for considerable time with our bags at the entrance, we asked if we could not proceed to our rooms. The doorman responded that he was busy and for us to sit down and be patient. We considered this an insensitive comment directed to a handicapped person. We proceeded to the registration desk. The receptionist was disorganized and not understanding the reservations. We finally reached our rooms only to find that our reservations had been switched. The handicapped person did not receive the requested handicapped room. The second couple did not receive the requested king bed. We returned to the registration desk to seek correction. Believe it or not it took almost one hour of confusion to check in.We were informed that dinner reservations had closed at 4:30 and we could present ourselves to any of the several restaurants for seating without a reservation. Nothing could be farther from the truth as we arrived at first restaurant and we were informed that we could not be seated until 9:00, a little late after a long day of travel from the states. I sought the help of the night manager who obtained us a table at the Bamboo Restaurant. For a 5-star resort we were shocked by the brusque service. It was as if we were intruding on the staff's routine. The food was expensive and unsavory. Duck in wrap was cooked so hard that we could not eat it. We were much relieved to finally get to bed. The next morning the breakfast buffet was fabulous as it was each morning. Breakfast was the best meal of the day. Trying to get food at the pool was another matter. There is none. You must go into the restaurant for lunch. I asked the receptionist if I could take some food to the pool. She explained that it was not allowed but that I could wrap up some food in a napkin and take it out. That I did each day. We had two excellent meals at Avocado and Romantique. The resort is in the process of renaming the restaurants. Avocado food was superb but the service was about 2 star if that. The waitress insisted upon delivering our check before our dinner was complete. Since we had the same annoying experience the evening before I pointed the oversight out to her , and she insisted that was what management required. I explained to her that the check should not be presented until the guest asks for it particularly so if dessert or coffee is likely to be requested. My comments did not make any impression, instead she argued with me. Apparently there must be guest walk-outs without signing or paying the restaurant bills. On several occasions we were asked when leaving the restaurant if we had signed. Rude? Yes?The best meal was at Romantique and the worst at the the Bamboo and the Mexican restaurant whose name I cannot recall. The service at Romantique was impeccable. I asked the waiter why so much difference between the service at the various restaurants. Training and experience was the answer. And, of course management.Our handicapped friend and his wife were locked out of their bungalow after dinner one evening during a heavy rain. The electronic keys had failed. Repeated calls to the front desk did not bring help. Luckily a staff person happened by and opened the door after 30 minutes. I complained to the night manager and was informed that mobile phones will deactivate the door keys. The inconvenience of being locked out was compounded by the long distance to the bungalow. It is not merely an elevator ride to the lobby to reactivate the key. I suggested that the locked out guests should be compensated. I thought it unusual when the night manger asked how. I said at the least a bottle of wine to the unconvinced guests. The next evening a nice bottle of wine and cheese was provided to our friends. Paradisus is beautiful. A swimming beach is non-existent. However the pool is beautiful with a swim-up bar with pleasant bartenders. To obtain a cabana you must get up early and occupy your site. No towels are laid out for you. My impression of the hotel is that it lacks knowledgeable management. Maybe it is the Caribbean attitude. It is certainly not the attitude and service we have experienced at other Spanish owned hotels. At a so-called 5-star resort I would expect more concern for guests.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	3	5	1	1	3	

<Author>AKfrozen
<Content>Good Stay Very nice facility and grounds. Restaraunts were average in quality, little expensive. We were gone most of the day time but did find the resort a pleasant place to stay. Did witness some people having registering problems. We had no troubles here at all.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1anna1
<Content>a relaxing and enjoyable trip - Penfield,NY Paradisus was beautiful. Everything was wonderful from the rooms to the grounds to the ocean. We went with 2 other couples and had terrific time. All-inclusive was perfect for us. We ate and drank all day. I was concerned about the food because of the reviews and how picky I am but I was pleasantly surprised , the food was good. The Avocado was delicious and the Cabrenio(sp) was also terrific. The only thing that was missing was night life. We still had a great time and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wanita36
<Content>Missing it already! Sometimes is is easier to complain than to praise. Remember that when you read the negative reviews. I am sorry if those people had a bad time but we didn't at all! This place is beautiful. No problem at check in, great room. the friendliest staff I have ever met!! Snag a sun umbrella in the am early because you will want it. Everyone leaves a towel or something to mark what spot they want, the umbrella areas go fast. The beach is different but it is refreshing to see they kept the charm. I am a vegetarian and was able to eat fine at the restaurants. Just ask and they can make something for you if you need too. The pool is huge and wonderful. Lots of families but didn't mind it. What a great trip. I miss is it already.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>McLucky
<Content>Our best vacation yet! Having read all the bad reviews about the resort, my husband and I were a bit apprehensive about our stay. So, we started out with very low expectations, which is often the best approach when chartering into the unknown. We chose this resort because it was rated to be one of the most kids-friendly resorts by the Conde Nast Traveler. True to this rating, Paradisus is indeed one of the most kids-friendly places we have ever been to with our son. The staff was extremely courteous and patient with all of the very many young patrons. If you can鈥檛 stand sitting next to a very disgruntled toddler during meals, then perhaps this is not a place for you. Our five year-old son absolutely loved the resort and asked if we could stay in Puerto Rico forever. We wish we could. The weather was perfect, the food was much better than what one reads in these reviews, although I personally would not recommend Bamboo for dinner. All of the entrees were simply drowned in soy sauce and our hibachi chef kept dropping his utensils. But other guests at the resort loved this restaurant, which shows that people like different things. Just remember to make your dinner reservations in advance and you will be fine. And yes, it definitely helps to tip. We did not choose Royal Service, which, by the way, guarantees dinner reservations at any time. In spite of that, we were happy we did not because kids are not allowed at many of the Royal Service facilities. The only major draw back of the resort for us was the lack of swimable beach.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>vacagirl7
<Content>Fabulous!       Only a portion of the enormous pool area  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>miltonmom
<Content>Wonderful getaway!!! We just arrived back from a 3 night stay at Paradisus Puerto Rico. I was very skeptical after reading many of the reviews on Trip Advisor. I'm thrilled to report that our stay was wonderful!!The only problem we found at the resort were some of the people staying there!!! There were several people who we ran into who were looking for problems! It seemed there was NOTHING anyone could do to make them happy! Unfortunately, these seem to be the same people who love to write reviews! One couple we met stated that their whole trip was horrible! And then they followed that comment up with Well, our standards are VERY high..we just returned from Club Med. I'm sorry, but Club Med is NOT the pinnacle that others should be compared! We have stayed at the Four Seasons, The Ritz Carlton, and several of the top hotels of the world. Although this resort is not in the same league as some of these, it is a wonderful resort. We found the food to be wonderful at Toscana and Avacado. Breakfast was more than adequate, as was lunch. Next time if we're traveling without the kids, we would do the Royal Service. We truly enjoyed the Spa. If you have a treatment, you are then able to use the Spa pool (which is private and very quiet) that same day. The couples massage was wonderful!!We had a very relaxing and enjoyable vacation. We would love to go back, next time with the children, as all of the children seemed to be having a wonderful time.I hope this review is helpful and I feel confident that you too will enjoy your stay at Paradisus Puerto Rico  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WashingtonTravelers
<Content>It's almost humorous We just got back from staying a week at the resort and if my kids would't have had a good time I would have been furious (ages 3 and 1).Good thing the 3 year old loves to swim because there was NOTHING eles for him to do. Here is a list of things that went wrong:From the time we arrived to the time we got into our room with our luggage it was almost 2 hours and after our long flight and being so tired, I didn't have the energy to switch rooms when they gave me a room with a king bed instead of two queens like we requested. Service was horrible, don't bother asking for anything because you were going to be a bother to the staff or thats what you felt like, even when ordering drinks you had to walk up to the bar youself, so carry cash it comes in handy if you want good sevice.We ate 3 meals without a high chair (can you imagine doing that with a 1 year old)? They claim to have ran out.Shower in our room was broken, we called to have someone fix it but when no one showed up we gave up.You couldn't get into eat at any of the restraunts if you didn't have reservations a week in advance ( no joke) unless you wanted to have dinner at 9:00 and with kids unrealistic.Bring your own crib because they ran out, so you were on your own even if you did request one in advance.Beach was rocky and unswimable.Oh... and the food, disgusting especially the buffett.ALL in ALL...... I think I lost weight from not eating and drinking or it could of been the half a mile walk to the room from the pool. They claim to have golf carts but don't count on it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>jenmorgan55
<Content>A wonderful, memorable honeymoon!!!       Our suite  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sts3mike
<Content>Not what its cut out to be... First things first, I love Puerto Rico. I did not like the resort. I understand it鈥檚 the first all inclusive resort in PR but come on they need some work on customer service. The shuttle from the airport was supposed to be included and it was $100 a person when we got there, so I rented a car. The hotel does not tell you that parking is included so I had to pay for parking when we were there. Once we got there we had to wait 30-40 minutes to check in. That is ridiculous. After we checked in we were never told that you had to book your dinner reservations in advance. We had to eat at the same restaurant 2 days in a row followed by the fourth day. One of the restaurants was closed the whole time and figures it was the Puerto Rican cuisine restaurant. I flew to PR to have American, Japanese, Italian food. The room service was horrible; the menu seemed like a menu at a bar with nothing really worth getting. The pool was really something it was huge. Once the paradisus works out there customer service issues and other various problems, I would probably return and give it one more chance.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	2	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>GONORTHGIRL
<Content>Terrible!!! Just got back from a week at the Paradisus. The service was horrific. We seemed to be bothering everyone when we asked something. It took us three hours to get from the lobby to our room. They insisted we use their bell boy and this is how long it took to get a party of 8 to our two bungalows. The food was no better than a cafeteria. Everything was a buffet. We ended up having Dominos Pizza delievered the last two nights because we could not handle the food any longer. There is no beach at this resort. It is all seaweed and rocks. You can rent paddle boats and kayaks, but are limited to a specific area. There is a kids club and our three children loved it, however, it was only available 3-4 hours per day, unlike the advertised hours. The weather was great and we did get a nice tan! Good Luck if this is your destiniation.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>mo1love
<Content>Gorgeous Resort Myself and a few girlfriends decided to go on a nice getaway to Puerto Rico and stayed at the Paradisus. The resort was absolutely gorgeous. The buffet was gross so expect to spend some cash at the local eateries. The key is to make friends with the resort staff because their very helpful with giving directions for local restaurants and attractions. Rent a car because it is easy to get around and the price to rent cars are really cheap and are accessible from San Juan Airport. I highly recommend the following restaurants which are 10 minutes away from the resort: EL Dejao and Las Vegas (Yummy!)  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>cmc2275
<Content>Beautiful resort and great food but customer service lacking I just returned from a 5 day trip to the Paradisus. We upgraded to Royal Service. Our review is mixed: we had a wonderful, relaxing time but the customer service is REALLY lacking.  First, the Royal Service turned out to be a good thing for checking-in (we were able to bypass the front desk) and for making dinner reservations and also for reserving the huts with beds at the Royal Service pool. The Royal Service pool was great---not crowded and quiet. No children are permitted. There is also a separate bar at the Royal Service pool. That is the only upside to Royal Service but highly recommend it since we couldn't imagine what the service would have been like if we didn't have it.The food at the resort was excellent. We tried all the restaurants except the Italian. Order the filet mignon where you can. The Asian Fusion restaurant was ok but the menu was limited and again, the service was lacking. Breakfast and lunch are buffets but don't be scared---the food was great and varied. The lunch buffet had fresh fish, sandwiches, hot foods, gourmet salads, etc.The rooms were clean and spacious. Each room has a balcony with chairs. We had no bedbugs as earlier reviews reported (believe me, we checked). We thought the beach was beautfiul. Very natural setting but it is not a beach where you swim in the water so we did hear that people were disapponted in that. You could take beach chairs down to the water but most people were by the pool (which had a great view of the ocean). There is no snorkeling.The problem we had was the service. We have been to a few all-inclusives and the staff would do anything to make your stay comfortable. We were used to the friendly, enthusiastic and proactive service of the staff at the resorts in Mexico and the Dominican Republic. But here, it always seemed like we were bothering the staff when asking for a drink or even checking in at the hostess station and EVEN at the Royal Servie lounge! We found ourselves standing in front of a hostess or at the bar and we would sense this attitude of We will get to you when we are ready. There was no acknowledgment of We will be with you in a second. This attitude was pervasive and it wasn't any better at the Royal Service pool. At points on the trip, it felt like we were on a 'Seinfeld' or 'Curb your Enthusiasm' episode. We would be the only people in line for say, lunch. The restaurant was just opening and there were only 4 people standing there to get in (and NO ONE was in the restaurant). They would not acknowledge that you were standing there until they were ready (we almost thought they were faking busy) and then they would take our names and tell us that it would be a few minutes. This was funny in itself since the restaurant was open and no one was inside. Then seconds later--with still only 4 people standing there--the hostess would seriously yell out our name like she had no idea where we were. We were like, we're right here, you just took our names 5 seconds ago. If we hadn't spoken up, I was convinced she would have just crossed our name off the list. It became comical. And it didn't matter if you tipped every bartender or server (which we did). Another scenario was when we would request a refill of water or request a utensil or napkin. We would both have empty water glasses and only the person that asked for the water, got a refill. We had to stop the server from walking away so they could refill the other glass. At the buffet, they take away your plate each time you go back up, so usually your fork would be missing when you got back. It was getting so hard to get someone to come to the table that we saw the drawer where they were getting the forks and would just help ourselves. Thank god the food and the resort were excellent or we would have not enjoyed ourselves as much as we did. We did have 2 excellent servers: Harry at the Romantico restaurant and Diana at the Avocado Restaurant. Very friendly and proactive. Glasses were refilled with water and wine and they would check-in with you to make sure you had everything you needed (and if you needed something, they would actually come back to give it to you within a 15 minute period.)So, in summary: despite our frustration with the serivce, if you are booked for the all-inclusive in the next month (the hotel changes hands May 1st--no all inclusive after that point), I would say that you will love the resort and the food. It is a great place to unwind and relax. Just be forewarned that the staff has a laissez-faire attitude.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	1	5	

<Author>missnr
<Content>Way better than expected After reading the very mixed reviews we were leary of this resort. We were pleasantly surprised and it was way better than we expected. The service was tremendous, the food was good , not great but very worthwhile. We had no problems booking dinners and were able to change them if we wanted as we enjoyed Avacado and Romanitco the best. Great Steaks!!!! The bar service and choices were first class. Premium beers and alcohol. We would definately return to this resort...  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>sam8273
<Content>Great time I just got back from Paradisus and did not want to leave. I had a great stay! When I checked in they could not find my reservation but they just had it misspelled and it was quickly resolved. My luggage took only 15 minutes to arrive. I did not upgrade to the Royal service but was given one of their new timeshare rooms. The room was immaculate and the bellman said I was like the 3rd person to stay in the room. It was missing a bed skirt and possibly a second nightstand but the room was immaculate and the bed was very, very comfortable. The room had 2 plasma tv's but who watches tv on vacation anyway? The room was always cleaned promtly. I do agree that the Mirador outside restaurant was full of the birds and even a bunch of flies around the buffet so I stopped eating there and went to the indoor restaurant which was a pleasure. I also ate at every restaurant except the japanese and the best one was the romanitco. you can order your app from the menu instead of going to the buffet. Eat here more than once is my reccomendation. The pool was beautiful and I actually saw many people swimming in the ocean even though it was rocky. Just bring water shoes....The grounds were wonderful and it was a very relaxing vacation. I don't think I will go back since they are not doing the all inclusive starting in may. Enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>worksleeplay
<Content>Do your self a favor and don't go here My husband and I stayed here on a company paid conference. We extended our stay in Puerto Rico, and after reading the eariler reviews, we decided to stay elsewhere. Boy am I glad we did!! This place is just plain terrible. The first morning we had breakfast at the Caribeno Grill. The buffet selections looked so bad I didn't even consider tasting any of them. My husband tried the breakfast sasuage, and I looked accross the table to see him spitting a half eaten sausage into his napkin because it tasted rancid. He felt compelled to wash it down with a shot of vodka to kill any germs that may affect him later. Dinner that night at Tuscano was no better. Preparation for the New York Strip entree appeared to be steamed (yuk). Most people in our group were not happy with their dinner choice. The staff seems to be trained to aviod eye contact with the guests. I witnessed at least 8 people waiting to place a drink order at the swim-up bar at the pool. The bartender completely ignored everyone and even left the bar for at least 15 minuites. Finally, someone passed him some cash and that seemed to increase his service level. The list goes on and on. No sunscreen at the gift shop, empty coffee pots in the lobby at 9:00 a.m. No mint for the Mojitos. Do yourself a favor and stay elswhere, this place is not worth your precious time or money. Believe me.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Golfvacationer
<Content>Customer Service? Needs training. A group of 12 women went to the Paradisus for a golf vacation. The vacation was booked on Travel.com and rooms with double beds were requested. When arriving at the hotel, we were informed that our request is only a request for a bed. The hotel only guarantees a room not the type of bed. Since our whole group consisted of 12 women, we all wanted and expected the double bed setting but were never accommodated. We were told that we were upgraded to a room with a King bed and a pull out couch. We were told that our rooms are not pre-booked, yet the first twosomes signing in were given the upgraded room and the others had the double bed rooms. Furthermore, one of our more seasoned travellers gave a separate front desk clerk $20 and he immediately found them the double bed room. We we told that they would let us know if a room with a double bed became available which never happened. Our group were not the only guests that felt the customer service was lacking. While checking out there were stories of wedding party people being told that they couldn't be driven all the way to the wedding area because they had to go to lunch. Good thing it wasn't the bride. I used the in room safe wisely because I heard that $300 and jewelry were stolen from rooms. Someone's door was broken and the guest did not want to leave it open. When calling for it to be repaired, was rudely treated. Bath tubs not draining properly, toilets breaking.This resort will no longer be all inclusive as of May 1, 2007. Hopefully, the company taking over will train NEW staff the meaning of customer service.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	4	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>HudsonValleyMama
<Content>A pleasant surprise I never write reviews, although I do pay attention to them. I read a lot of bad reviews before going to Paradisus this March and was a bit nervous. I'm happy to report that after a week with my husband and 2 grown sons, we all had a wonderful experience. Check-in was a breeze. We took our luggage to our room so delivery of baggage wasn't an issue. We had Royale Service, which I highly recommend. The room (ocean view) was very nice, clean and well appointed. Maid service was excellent .The Royale Service pool was fabulous. We reserved a private palapa each day with no problem. The bartenders and attendants were extremely efficient and friendly. (When a gentleman dropped a piece of fruit poolside a nearby bartender quickly picked it up, washed it, and returned it to the man's lounge chair. ) Our private butler introduced himself to us the first day. And although we never used his services, he saw my husband 3 days later and spoke to him by name! (very impressive)The grounds are beautiful and extremely well kept up and clean. No surprise....the beach was not great - can't really walk it or swim. But the kayaking was fun.We didn't expect gourmet food and didn't get it. (This is the reason I'm not giving this resort a 5* rating) The breakfast and lunch buffets were terrific (But avoid the Mirador Grill - ugh! opt for the Carribean instead) Romantico is over rated. We enjoyed Avocado and Tuscano better. Bamboo is your typical hibachi place.(Avocado has great beef) Overall we found that the beef was much better than the fish -fine for my sons but my husband and I prefer seafood. The snacks that were always set up in the Royale Service Lounge were great.There was a problem with a restaurant booking one night. When the RS manager called to explain we couldn't get the time we reserved at our chosen restaurant, we didn't make a big deal about it. He quickly got us a table at another restaurant. Fifteen minutes later he, along with a waiter, arrived at our room with a bottle of wine and a plate of hors d'oeuvres to make ammends for the mistake. Now that's great PR!!! I cannot stress the cleanliness enough - everywhere! Especially the bathrooms. EVERYONE (maids, shuttle drivers, bartenders, waitstaff, gardeners, watersports staff, etc. etc) was extremely warm and friendly, and always quick to greet us.Certainly everyone cannot expect to have as good an experience as we had. But I do recommend it highly and hope that some people will take advantage of this great all-inclusive resort before it no longer is all-inclusive as of May 1.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sullil01
<Content>Had one of the best vacations of my life.       outside of the 'bungalow where we stayed  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>LikesTheSunBoston
<Content>Good service not included Reservations Not Honored: A group of 12 women decided to enjoy a classy resort and de-stress. We planned months in advance and booked rooms with two beds. After a fairly long travel day, we arrived to find that our rooms were not going to be two beds after all, but instead a bed and a sofa pull out couch. We tried to get this reverted, but to no avail. there just are no rooms like that left. Little did we realize that one of our more seasoned travellers simply slipped the guy a $20 and he found a room that she wanted. Supposedly if a room opened up they would call. It did and they didn't. Discounts: We had received a group discount for golf. However, we had to produce the letter about this when we arrived at the course. It was like this every step of the way. Simple things: They delivered our luggage, but we were able to walk back to our rooms faster than the luggage arrived -- an hour later. We booked our meals right away. However, one night they closed a restaurant for another party and rebooked us. The restaurant manager was actually a bright spot in the bad service we kept encountering. He rebooked us to a restaurant of our choice. Security: We found it odd that we had to shout out our exact room number, when there were bungalow labels. This was required on a shuttle or the casino. My friend tried just shouting the bungalow, but they didn't go for that. We were not surprised to hear of SEVERAL thefts. (Our group did use the safe provided and were fine.) Hygiene/utilities: The sinks and showers were clogged. How elegant does it feel to go into the shower after your friend and stand in ankle deep dirty water? A staff member was commisserating with a friend who asked how she dealt with all the angry people day in and day out. (We were not the only ones at the desk with problems.) She said Yeah, can you believe they call themselves 4 star? This is how it is all the time. I've never worked for such a bad place. We really just wanted something comped like perhaps the $60 ride from the airport, but in the end got nothing.Positives: The grounds are quite beautiful, the breakfast nice (though often lukewarm coffee), many of the staff who did shuttle or porter service were actually helpful and friendly. The pool was lovely. The rooms (although QUITE a hike if you get the 800s rooms) are attractive.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	3	2	

<Author>007travel
<Content>Great Experience Attended a conference at the Paradisus. Upgraded to the Royal Service and took their advice upon check in to make reservations for dinner a few days in advance. There was some confusion with one of the reservations as the restaurant I was scheduled to go to was actually closed that evening. The food was much better than I expected. I dined at Avocado, Bamboo, Romantico (which was never busy), Toscano and Miradoro (sp). One was a buffett and I tried to avoid that....although the food was average for a buffett. I heard room service took at least an hour and never used it. The weather was fantastic and if I ever needed anything I phoned the Royal Service and they did their best to accomodate my needs. It is a large property and it was sold out but it never seemed really busy. They have lots of activities for the kids. It was a great location and facility for someone who does not need to have 24/7 service and really wants to be left to their own. The butler for the royal service was very attentive if I did need anything. This was my first All Inclusive experience...and I very much enjoyed it. The property was very clean and beautiful. The staff was friendly. The workout facility was large and clean. The casino was a bit small, no texas hold em. But blackjack was fun.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>srp123
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay EVER Upon arriving to the Paradisus hotel after a weary journey, a staff worker took our luggage and promised to deliver it to our room in no time! 5 hours later he appeared at our room with our luggage. That event symbolized our stay at the Paradisus.I don't know what was worse the service or the food, but both were entirely unacceptable. I read the reviews of the bad food before I booked the trip, but I thought to myself I'm not a picky eater. I'll eat just about anything. Well, guess I'm not such a flexible eater after all. One day I had a hamburger for lunch and pulled several hard large chunks out of my mouth. Another time I took a bite of chicken that was completely RAW. I had enough. My husband and I arranged a trip to Old Puetro Rico. Instead of looking at the sights, we looked for a grocery store where we could get crackers and peanut butter to get us through the rest of the trip so we wouldn't have to eat the terrible food at the Paradisus! We stopped at a restaurant in Old Puetro Rico and ate like straving refugees!To be fair, we never got a reservation to one of the 3 restaurants that take them. When we arrived we tried to make a reservation, but we were told they were booked for the length of our stay. How is that possible? They do not take reservations in advance -- you have to be there to book anything. So, onto the service. Room service took approx 2-3 hours once we placed an order. Our television broke and it took them 2 days to come and fix it. The pros? The room was quite nice. The facilities were nice too (as long as you don't mind the lack of beach).I did complain to the manager who gave us 2 free nights to compansate for our experience. But, honestly, you couldn't pay me to go back! I've travelled extensivly and stayed at a wide variety of accomidations, and I have NEVER experienced such poor food and service in my life as I did at the Paradisus.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>07Gemini
<Content>5 Stars My Butt Let me start by saying this was our first time traveling and it was for our honeymoon. The reservations were made for us by a family member and it was not for all inclusive. Check in was a snap. We arrived early from the airport and had a room key within 10 minutes with a fancy new green bracelet. Unfortunately, communication at this resort is poor along with the English translation. From the start we were not informed about how food was payed for, what the bracelet meant or that cash was not accepted anywheer except the casion and gift shop. Although all inclusive is nice, when you have to pay for your meals, the $20 breakfast buffett fell short from acceptible. Or how about a $45 plate of spaghetti with a couple small mussles randomly placed on top. The food was well below Elegant or worth the cost. We enjoyed a nice dominos pizza the following day for $15 and enjoyed it much more. Staff was less than helpful. They seemed irritated they had to serve you another drink or sign a dinner slip because of the green bracelet. Some of them didnt even know what it meant and questioned me like some sort of criminal for wearing it as if I didn't belong at the resort. To sum it up. Service was poor, food was way over priced and not worth it. Rent a car and see the countryside in Old San Juan at your convienience like we did. All inclusive is not worth it unless you plan on staying at the resort and drinking to no end. Oh, and learn spanish because none of the underpaid staff cares enough to understand english. The rooms and facilities are absolutely beautiful. Good Luck!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>M'times
<Content>Not for Beach Lovers Just returned from 5 night stay at the Paradisus. Overall the resort is good, with exceptional rooms (we were in their Royal Service buildings), great pools and grounds. Staff were friendly and went out of their way to help. Food was varied from a great breakfast buffet to a so so dinner buffet. The theme restaurants were decent although the service was a little slow (Italien)The beach was poor so if you are a beach person who likes to walk the beach and swim in the ocean this is not the place.Traffic in Puerto Rico is bad so plan lots of time to get to places. Every trip was twice the time we were told. Took us over 1 1/2 hours to get from gthe hotel to Old San Juan. Weather was good, had a couple of rain storms that blew through in about 15 minutes.Next to the property is the CoCo Beach golf resort with 36 holes. The Palms (9 holes) is the tighest course I have ever seen. No room for spraying as the jungle takes all! THe Mountain (9 Holes) has some great view and holes but also a couple of quirky ones. The other 9's Lakes and Ocean are a little more forgiving. Not cheap though as a round and rentals cost $200 USTHe Paradisus presently is the only All Inclusive in puerto rico but as of May it is dropping the all inclusive option. THey are getting ready to start a new Caribe (another Sol Melia chain) but it will not be ready for a year of more at least.Overall we had a good time but given the beach situation and the cost of the package and now losing the all inclusive I probably would not go back. I have stayed at the Paradisus in the Mayan and would rate it better than this.As a side trip we did one of the Catamaran snorkling days. (Spread Eagle 2 was the catamaran)Water and boat ride were fun, (although first one I have been on the drinks are not all included in the price) but the snorkling was mediocre at best.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Bracca
<Content>Lost in Puerto Rico The resort is quite beautifull.However the resort is like a hair band rock concert. Lots of beautifull sites but lacking in substance.My room unfortunately had a break in and my wedding ring was stolen. I was quite annoyed at the relaxed and non pro active attitude of the staff. Restaurant reservation system leaves a lot to be desired. Variety of food is non existant. However standing ovation for the Avacado restaurant excellent steaks. Room was clean.However security around the rooms leave a lot to be desired. I often saw several rooms in a row left open while 1 maid cleaned them leaving it quite vulnerable for theft as I experience......Stay at your risk  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	1	5	

<Author>marapr95
<Content>had a great time I was worried about our upcoming stay here. I read the reviews and was nervous. My husband and I came here on a business retreat on Feb 14-19, so maybe they beefed up the service because they knew they had a big group coming. We never had any problem with the staff. Each one of our requests were met without any wait. I was always greeted by the staff as they passed by me, and most would ask if I needed anything. We were always able to eat at the time of our reservation without any wait. They had a large variety of food to eat. The breakfasts were excellent, especially the omlets. Lunches were a little simpler, and our suppers were very good. We ate at Avocados, and Romanticos. Both were good, but Romanticos was better. We were serenaded by a violinist there. He could play anything. My only issue with the food was you could only get snacks from 3-5, and for us, that wasn't the best time. I will say I was glad to be forwarned about the beach. It's great to stroll on with shoes, but it's definately not a white sand, big beach. I thought the pool made up for it. Drinks were great. I would definately recommend this resort. We had a great time. The weather was perfect, the spa was very good, the rooms were nice. There were over 100 people in our group. I never heard anything but positive from the people I talked to.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>gomo42
<Content>Great relaxing vacation My family and I stayed @ the Paradisus for 6 days. We had a wonderful time. The staff was very helpful and always smiling. Our rooms were ready upon arrival. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. I would recommend requesting the second floor, that way you can leave your balcony door open througout the day and night. Room service was great, but keep in mind unless you have Royal Service there is a $3 fee. The beach was beatiful and the pool was amazing. Royal Service was very convenient. They held a cabana for us at the pool and made all of our restaurant reservations. They also were very helpful about giving us directions to the rainforest and San Juan. The resort priovided a golfcart driven by one of the workers for transportation which made our stay easier since the hotel is somewhat spread out. We rented a car which was great. We could go to places whenever we wanted. Driving was not too difficult either. The restaurants were pretty good. Some of them didn't have much of a variety of food. Mirador Grill was one of the best restaraunts. The lobby was huge , they have an open lounge where many families hung out throughtout the day and night. The hotel also provided boardgames for everyone. I would defenitly recomemedd this hotel to anyone, and I hope to one day go back!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>islandbarbiegirl
<Content>Best vacation of my life I have to say that I am shocked by all of the bad reviews on here! I was at the Paradissus in April of 2005 and it was fabulous - no complaints! The room was gorgeous, very clean and even with a balcony to sit on. The resort was very safe (important for two young women travelling alone together) and the staff was beyond friendly. Every restaurant was excellent and I have been to many top-notch restaurants in the U.S. We would go back in a heartbeat and recommend it to everyone we know. Additionally, the tour desk and concierge service were excellent. This was the best all-inclusive resort I have been to in the Caribbean and Mexico. Ignore the negative comments and see it for yourself!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SkiKat
<Content>Pretty Darned Good Having been to Puerto Rico several times before, we were able to avoid some of the potential hassles and overall had a really nice time. Hopefully, some of these tips can help you. The hotels in PR tend to be pricy - Paradisus included. However, Paradisus serves decent food in the buffets, very good food in the reservations required places and has top shelf drinks included - the value is not bad as compared to other places. Paradisus has nice, large rooms with balconies. The beach is OK, not great. But the pools are wonderful and the place is large - i.e. not crowded. The service staff is primarily younger folks (this is not their career unlike what you find in many other Carribean destinations) - you see many of the things that can come with that - service is not always rapid fire or accurate - but it is generally very good. The hotel is well outside of San Juan. If you want to do excursions with a tour company, you get stuck with the inevitable waits you see anywhere in the world. (I abhor waits and shuttles) Here's some advice - if you are going to leave the resort and tour or partake in excursions, rent a car. Driving in PR is easy, rental cars are cheap, picking them up at the airport is fast and easy, self park is close to the rooms. A lot of cool stuff can be done on your own, you don't need a tour company. Or, hook up with the tour company at the destination rather than waiting on a shuttle. There are a lot of people from the North East. They, generally, have a more brusque approach to things - if that really bothers you, don't go to PR because it is a big destination for New Yorkers.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>p20nch
<Content>A week in paradise I felt I needed to add a review to this website after using it in preparation for our family's trip. I read through many reviews ranging from this place is hell on earth, to greatest destination I have ever been. After the reviews I did not know what to expect, but I trusted my family's decision and could not wait to get away. Our party included 18 people ranging in age from my grandparents to young cousins. I am a 29 year old male. I should note here that our last family trip to an all-inclusive resort was a disaster. Stay away from Playa Naco in the Dominican Republic at all costs. Paradisus was head and shoulders above our last experience. The trip to and from the airport was about 40 minutes by van and not bad at all. Our first order of business was an upgrade to royal service. I recommend this move if your budget allows. It provided access to a few extra ammenities including a separate royal service pool (ask for the mojitos), and some upgrades in rooms and dining. The all inclusive food and drink worked out very well for our party. It was great to be able to eat or get a drink at any time, day or night. My uncle was able to force me into a shot of tequila and a beer as I stepped out of breakfast one morning. The quality of the food was very good over all. This included the breakfast (good omelettes) and lunch buffets, and all of the different restaurants on sight. The only negatives here were the slow service at one or two of the restaurants, and some confusion over reservations. Not bad over all. Room service (try the quesadilla) and butlers were also free with royal service. The main pool in the center of the resort was a lot of fun for all including water basketball and other sports. I should note here, if you are a looking for a beach-front resort, paradisus is not for you. The pools were great and there was a beach volleyball court. The sand and beach area were not great. The staff and service was very competent and friendly over all, including one woman with beautiful eyes that my brother is still talking about. Some slow service in the restaurants but we had a party of 18 to serve each night. We were lucky enough to have great weather for most of the week. A little overcast and rain at times. The resort did get buggy at night and my feet and ankles were pretty bitten up all week. On our last night we were fortunate enough to catch the white party. A dance party where guests and staff (yes she was there) showed up wearing white and we danced and drank until the wee hours of the morning. A great way to end the week. My family's review was very positive over all. We all had a great time and I would recommend the resort. My major complaints were the lack of a great beach area and the bugs. I think I covered the important points and I hope you find the review helpful. Bring your sunblock and bug spray and enjoy the trip. Have a mojito for me.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NCDino
<Content>Extremely Overpriced After reading the reviews in Trip Advisor I was prepared for the worst. After booking this package online I was unaware that you had to prepay a shuttle fee, please make sure you pay the fee otherwise it could be a very expensive cab ride to the resort. The resort is beautiful in appearance however it is 45 mins east of the airport and remote. The staff was polite and professional but weren't trained in providing excellent customer service. I didn't have a problem booking the restaurants for dinner. The best one I went to was Toscano in terms of atmosphere. One of the waitresses told me that in May the restaurants would no longer be part of the all inclusive package and that you would have to pay for the meals separately. I had breakfast at Caribeno twice the first outside which was not so good with all the black birds swarming around and the second time inside. I had to ask the hostess to get someone to replace my cream because there was a gnat in it. The waiters were nice though as was the staff who drive the trolleys around the gtounds. Also the resort does porvide day trips but you have to pay for each trip separately, one at least should be included in the package. I would suggest to the all the people who had not so pleasant experiences write Sol Melia Resorts the company that manages the Paradisus to express their displeasures.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>ILike2Explore
<Content>Paradisus tries but it's not a 5 star. My boyfriend and I recently stayed at Paradisus for 4 nights. After reading many negative reviews I was hesitant but the lure of an all inclusive sealed our stay here. Thanks to the advice of some savvy travelers, the suggestion of upgrading to royal service was heeded. I firmly believe if you can afford it, upgrade. The service was notably better as far as gaining dinner reservations easily with other advantages such as a private butler. Ourbutler provided us with special services such as a cheese plate with wine before dinner and they even set up a romantic jacuzzi evening for us. It seemed to be ask and you shall receive.Fortunately we never found service to be an issue. If you travel a great deal, you know- tip when appropriate-yes it is an all inclusive and no you shouldn't have to give extra but if it makes life easier to part with a few singles here and there, why not? Youwill be amazed how much better attitudes become. Royal service also provides a separate, adult pool that is only for royal service guests. It is a smaller pool but definitely more quiet and allows personalized attention. A word of advice, try to get poolside before 10:00 to insure your own cabana for the day. As other travelers stated, the beach is nothing to be in awe of and swimming there is not ideal. But it still makes for a nice stroll and to dip your toes in. They do have paddle boats and catamarans to enjoy.The 5 star element here is undoubtedly the grounds. Paradisus is a breathtaking place to behold and the attention to its decor is amazing. If only they placed remotely close attention to their food. There is nothing 5 star about it. I have been told that all inclusives almost never have gourmet food. Everyone was right.The food here is fine if you do not expect stellar chef delicacies. We ate at every restaurant except Toscano. Romantico was more upscale and other travelers said it was the best pick.My boyfriend had a delicious lamb entree but my seafood entree was inedible and I had to return it to the kitchen only to be told it would take another hour AGAIN to bring me something. I left hungry and couldn't believe the mis management with that one. I would have opted for room service when we got back but the room service menu is extremely limited.The casino is definitely larger than a closet as another trip advisor member stated. It's actually a decent size and staffed with friendly employees.The spa is also nice although small. We had a couples massage which was delightful although quite expensive even for 80 minutes.I began the trip to Paradisus filled with trepidation due to so many negative reviews but the stay here was lovely, with not a bed bug in sight, thank god!I think perhaps if Paradisus lowers it's star rating, expectations will not be so high. Based on my personal experience as well as that of my boyfriend, I can tell you that if you do stay here, you can expect a wonderfully, relaxing time. It was a little taste of heaven for us. How could it not be when you are lounging poolside and the most energy asked of you is to lift your head up to ask for another drink? Just remember, heaven doesn't come cheap!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sci
<Content>Below Average Paradisus What a rip off. I took my daughter here to check it out, because I am a travel agent. The staff knew this upon my arrival, so they immediately upgraded us to Royal Service. I can't imagine what our stay would have been like if we didn't have this service. The greatest benefit is that you get to use the private pool area with the beautiful palapas. That is, if you are lucky enough to get one or grease the pool attendant early enough in the morning. The other benefit is the rooms are larger and most have a view of the water. Ours didn't.Our room had the most disgusting smell - reminiscent of a barn. The beds were hard and uncomfortable. Look out for the bugs. We were on the first floor, and I could hear feet pounding above us in the late evening and early morning. Nothing bothers me more.The food was mediocre, at best. Everything is the same, day in and day out. We made reservations for the a la carte restaurants, which, after the rigamarole of trying to get a reservation, should have been fabulous. In actuality, the food was the same as it was in the regular dining areas - only the linens were different. We walked out of the Japanese restaurant, because no one came over to serve us, after waiting for 25 minutes.We avoided the general pool area, because hearing the noise from a half mile away was enough to tell me I didn't need to partake in the activities. It was full of loud, drunk, obnoxiouos people who have no regard for personal space.If your travel agent steers you in this direction, run, don't walk. There are many, many wonderful places and resorts on this magnificent island. After 72 hours, we left for the comfort of El Conquistador, and all was well.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	4	5	4	

<Author>dk190
<Content>Loved the poolside drinks There was food left outside the neighbors door for 3 DAYS! We had to make alot of noise to get rid of the birds etc to get away from eating it so that we could get back into the room.Many,many complaints were necessary to finally have it removed.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>jstorms
<Content>Would NOT Recommend We just returned from a week at the Paradisus. It's absolutely beautiful and the staff is for the most part pretty friendly. As many others have stated, this place falls short in many ways and we were quite disappointed. We got there and were told that they were only at a 23% occupancy. We thought great, we will have no problems eating where we want. We are then told that you have to book reservations for you dinners way ahead. We tried to get in somewhere the first night we got there and were told there were no openings! With 23% occupancy, how can the restaurants be full? We were on a company trip so I mentioned this to our Marketing director who proceeded to check on the reservations himself and they gave him 10 spots at 3 different restaurants?? How does that work? The food was pretty good tasting however; it was ALWAYS cold at the buffets and not just a little cold. You would expect better quality of food at such a nice all-inclusive. We were wondering if there is ever any sort of Health Dept. that inspects and checks the foods temps. Also, for an all-inclusive they don't make foods very readily available. There is a very limited room service menu. There is no grill or anything right at the pool. You have to go into one of the restuarants to eat. Also, none of the staff is eager to get you another drink, many times we had to just go to the bar and get our own. This is definetly a beautiful place but for the money you could go to an all-inclusive in Mexico and get much better service and food. We will not go back here.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mshdhntr
<Content>Lovely place but bring some power bars with you for dinner... My husband and I just returned from the Paradisus and I am happy to say that I dropped a few pounds because the food was so horrible.Let me say that the grounds are lovely, the rooms are large and clean, the bathrooms are very ample, the pool is gorgeous and the help could not be nicer.However, with the price they charge they should be ashamed to serve the meals they put out. Also, even with the Royal Service we were unable to get into two of the restaurants we wanted (I was surprised the Royal Service desk did not know which nights several of the dinner restaurants were closed).My suggestion, for an all inclusive is go to Club Med. It is not 5 star but it does not pretend to be like the Paradisus does.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler1234567
<Content>Gorgeous grounds, horrible management and service I stayed at the Paradisius for 5 days for a business trip. My delight at the goreous scenery, huge pool and luxe furniture faded and soured as the week wore until I was finally so appalled at the way the hotel was managed I gave up trying to enjoy the place. Although the staff generally seemed like nice people trying to do their jobs, nothing went smoothly. Getting an issue resolved from the staff gave me the same feeling of helpless frustration that I often feel when calling a customer support center in Bangalore to get a computer fixed. Minor inconveniences like water not working, bugs in the room, repeat buffet food, or lost reservations might be fine if you're staying here for pleasure and are enjoying all the cocktails the hotel generously pours, however, as a business traveller trying to make efficient use of my short time there, I found the experience quite antagonist. Here's the details of just one of these inconvenineces:Upon check-in, I found tiny ants (or some other bug - hopefully not bed bugs) in my room, and requested to be moved to another room. I was asked if I had called engineering to resolve the issue, and was told that I had to follow procedure before changing rooms. The engineering staff (an employee with a spray can) sprayed the part of the room where I had seen the ants, and left me with a foamy residue. A few hours later I spotted more ants in other parts of the room, and got some more spray. Not suprisingly, I kept seeing ants and finally when I saw that they had moved into the clothing in my open suitcase, I called and requested a room change. They promised a bellman would come immediately to take me to a new room, and 45 minutes later, the bellman had not arrived and I had missed my dinner. I requested an appointment with the manager the next morning to discuss my frustration with this issue (and several others too tedious to discuss here), and scheduled an appointment at 11 am. I arrived at the check-out desk at 10:15, and was still checking out at 11 AM due to several errors in billing (double charges for phone, etc). I waited for the manager until 11:20, but could no longer wait, and left the hotel feeling insulted and a bit bug-paranoid.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>miav
<Content>Great Vacation Place       Map of the resort  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dbuoy1961
<Content>forget all the bad reviews I was very hesitant after reading all of the bad reviews and really enjoyed our week. The best food of all of the all-inclusive resorts we have been to and we belong to one in Mexico that is very good. Check in was a breeze, make reservations early at the beginning of your stay and you will have no problem. Nov. 22 starts the busy season, which is when we left to go to the Island of Vieques, and it was getting busy the day before we left (1000 people checked in for two conventions). We were happy that the first part of the week was not so busy. It was nice that it was out of the hustle and bustle of San Juan, close to the jungle and some good kiosk's for really good traditional food for a day trip out, but enjoy the pool, beach, sailing, at the resort. Very relaxing, not too much to do other than eat and relax, but the restaurants are very good and so is the wine selection and all premium liquors. Romantico is the best, and the Italian was next best. Loved it all but the Japanese restaurant was not our favorite.Would recommend this resort to any of my foodie friends!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tervs
<Content>eh... beautiful facility, ok service, too many New Yorkers We arrived just before the President's Day Holiday -- although the physical location is wonderful, it is a hike from some of the villas to the pools or restaurants. A tram that is supposed to run on a regular basis doesn't...ah yes, island time.The good -- the location/beach rooms were spacious with comfortable beds, luxurious bathrooms Bar service (with tipping) resulted in excellent service with many premium brands available.The good -- childrens programs kept kids occupied with a range of activitiesThe bad -- upscale restaurants were totally booked or taking reservations at 10pm (fine for us, not fine for families)There was even a sign on the concierge desk that stated that restuarants were fully booked until further notice. Interesting concept since you're not supposed to be able to book reservations until you arrive on the property!The bad -- New Yorkers everywhere who wanted things NOW.People claiming poolside cabanas who never appeared to use them. It's a quick direct flight to SJU from all the metro airports -- that's good and bad.The ok -- food generally was ok -- buffets had some variety. Service was adequate, but uninspired.Casino was small but never crowed while I was thereAll in all, for an all-inclusive we didn't pay for (company trip) it was alright but I would not spend my own $$ there. There are better choices but at the time we were there, it was the only all-inclusive on the island. I've heard that other Sol-Melia resorts (such as Costa Rico) are far, far better.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>ParkSlopeBoy
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but poor service, mediocre food and bed bugs!       Resort entrance  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>petulia
<Content>Total Rip Off - Not as All-Inclusive as You Would think. Service - The service was actually quite good the staff was always very friendly and helpful and I do think that they were overall quite attentive.Reception - We arrived at 6:00pm and there was one woman at the reception who was not terribly nice. There was only one family ahead of us but it took us 45 minutes to get checked in. Food - Atrocious. at $1240 a night per room, (and i would say that our room was worth at the very very most $300 a night (actually, i am being very generous), which leaves about $940 for the rest of the amenities per day, $470 per person, the food should be beyond amazing. However, most of the restaurants offer buffet-style appetizer dining and in my book, no classy restaurant makes you run around and serve yourself. in addition to which the different cuisines that they offer (french, italian, carribean, etc) offer largely the same array of dishes for the appetizers, which is very disappointing. The presentation and quality of the food also very disappointing. A japanese restaurant with no chopsticks, for example, is just weird. The all-day dining room service menu stinks too. They offer sandwiches, BLT's, hamburgers, for the most part. The fanciest offerings are a shrimp ceviche and beef carpaccio, but they are mediocre at best. And you are restricted to 2 beers per room per night. What the hell is that?Spa - They tell you it is included, and that the massage/facial treatments are not included, but in fact the use of the spa is only included if you have a facial/massage appointment that day. Those treaments cost between $80-$165 and the spa itself (we had a look) is pretty meager. The spa in my gym at home is set up better than what they have there. In order to even use the spa by itself, you have to pay $28, which makes it in fact NOT inclusive at all as part of the package. We were so annoyed by this that we canceled our appointment at the spa since we just had a feeling that it would not be a very good experience in the end. Beach - The nice part of the beach is that it is never overcrowded since it only serves those staying in this hotel. The problem is that it is completely rocky and you cannot really walk on it without shoes on. there really is no sand to speak of, more like gravelly pebbles, which smart quite a bit on the feet. Not surfable for sure, at least not while i have been here.The Hotel Building - Really beautiful, very photogenic, it really is a sprawling complex that is great and not over crowded and well-decorated. Conclusions - I just think that this is the very problem with this hotel which is that it looks good but tastes like crap. The fact that the food is so mediocre is a really big problem because the least that they can do is offer excellent food and it is just too disappointing in the end and there is no excuse for it given how much money people have to spend here. And honestly, if you just want to relax and have a beautiful time and eat good food and not feel ripped off, then don't go here.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	5	1	4	3	

<Author>vpn
<Content>Not worth the money       pool  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	5	3	

<Author>jaypatent
<Content>There are better options . . . . Unfortunately, while the property was lovely, enough lapses occurred that I cannot recommend vacationing here. We stayed just before Christmas 2006 in a Royal Service Oceanfront Junior Suite. We found our room musty and poorly ventilated. The beach was for walking only, and not for swimming--we had to hire a driver to take us to a nearby beach for that purpose. The enormous pool is gorgeous, but not heated. Two restaurants were open for breakfast and lunch. One, the Mirador, was infested with a number of black birds. Several of them landed on the bread line of the buffet and picked away while we were seated there. The remaining quickly circled our table. The staff did nothing, so we left promptly. We ate the rest of our breakfasts and lunches at the other restaurant, which typically opened 5-10 minutes late.We found the Royal Service not particularly helpful in making reservations. Rather than arrange travel or tennis for us, for example, we were simply directed to queue up at the front desk, concierge, or travel desk. Royal Service did provide a prompt check in and check out, however, and also gave us access to the charming Royal Service Suite as a base of operations. The suite was far less musty than our room, and featured a TV, Internet access, drinks, and a small buffet.Although the hotel boasts that tennis lessons are available at certain times, in fact the staff will simply call local tennis pros to see if one will visit on-site. Nobody was available during our stay, so my daughter didn't receive a lesson.The hotel cancelled one of our restaurant reservations (at Bamboo) just a few hours before we had arranged to arrive. Other restaurants were closed for one or more nights during our stay. I found the food on whole rather undistinguished, with the exception of the fine meal served by the Romantica. The decor of each of the restaurants is quite spartan, and all but the Romantica have what is essentially the same buffet as your appetizer. As buffets go, they are probably above average, but the food was at times underheated. Given the Rain Forest nearby, it was not surprising that the weather was overcast for much of the trip. Scattered showers during the day are apparently very common here. Finally, there was no shortage of mosquitos on site.Overall, not bad, but at this price point superior accommodations are available in this part of the world.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	4	2	2	

<Author>oksana_19438
<Content>Loved the resort       beach  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>DarleneSanJose
<Content>Gorgeous Resort, Horrible Service The Paradisus is an absolutely beautiful place and is kept up to perfection. The food is plentiful and pretty good and there is lots to do, but the service is just plain terrible. The staff is indifferent and untrained with exception to the Spa staff. All in all even though everything was gorgeous I would not go back because of the service, which ruins everything else. A waste of a beautiful place. Why pay for resort service, when you get treated like you stopped off at a roadside motel?  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>BaltNj
<Content>Almost Paradise Glad that I had received the advice to book all of the dinners as soon as I arrived. The place is beautiful. Dissapointed having to wait in lines for the lunch buffet. Service could use improvement. A little to quiet and too many kids for a young couple.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gmat43
<Content>Loved it . . . My wife and I had never been to an all inclusive resort before, so we weren't sure what to expect. The resort is beautiful, the room was very nice. We opted for the Royal Service, so we had an upgraded room (ocean view with jacuzzi on terrace). Nothing better than sitting in the jacuzzi, wind blowing through the palm trees, watching the ocean. The Royal Service also gets you faster check in/check out, immediate dinner reservations for your entire stay, an adult-only pool area (much stronger drinks mixed at the adult-only pool), a special area to check e-mail, have snacks, etc. All staff was very friendly and helpful.Breakfast and lunch are buffet-style, and the inside restaurant (Carmeno) had plenty of choices. We did not try the Mirador, which is the outdoor buffet. Dinner at the Romantico was fabulous -- the filet mignon was excellent, and the service and atmosphere was as good as I have ever seen. The Bamboo (Japanese cooking at the table) was also very good.We took the rain forest tour which included a hike to the waterfall, which I would highly recommend. We spent time at both pools, and you can reserve a cabana (large covered bed area) to relax and put your towels, bags, etc. Besides a short walk, we didn't spend any time at the beach, because the pools are so nice. Overall, a top-notch vacation.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>FastEddie_MA
<Content>Surprised by others complaints of poor service... Stayed at Paradisus with my wife from December 4-11, 2006. I was a bit worried, given some of the bad reviews I had seen from people who said the staff was rude or otherwise inattentive. Thankfully, this was not my experience.The facility is very nice. Suites were spacious and well-appointed. Housekeeping was good overall, but lost points when they forgot to restock our fridge the last 2 days and also for missing hand towels on a couple days. Other than that, the room was clean and well-attended.The pool area and cabanas were good. We never had any issues getting a good spot by the pool, but to be honest, the facility seemed to be lightly booked the week we were there, so we may have been lucky in that regard.The food and drinks we thought were quite good for an all-inclusive. Not five star as they suggest in their marketing, but not bad. We did not like Mirador, the outdoor restaurant -- and not because of the birds and bugs that many other people complained of. While these are issues, it is an outdoor restaurant so that's part of the deal. We didn't like the staff there, they were standoffish and a little rude -- this was the only place where we found that to be true.Romantico was our favorite of the restaurants, the food was quite good (French/Contemporary) and the atmosphere was as the name suggests (and little kids are not welcomed there, OK by us). Caribeno was a better bet for breakfast and lunch than Mirador, for the reasons noted above. Bamboo was a typical Japanese/Teppanyaki place, but I found it not as good as your standard Benihana, nevermind a more upscale offering. The food was OK, but only OK. We also had good dinners at Avocado and Toscano, although the apps, salads and desserts were buffet. syle, they were fresh and had a decent selection.Check in was quick and easy, a very short line. We did NOT opt for the Royal Service and I did not want for attention from anyone. The bell staff, concierge, transportation desk, etc. were all very attentive. We got dinner reservations for whatever we requested, pretty much for whatever time we wanted (7:30 most nights). We never waited for a table when we arrived at our reservation time. Again, the resort wasn't crowded while we were there, so your results may differ.All in all, it's a nice facility and we were treated well. They market themselves as a five star resort, and I would say that's a stretch. However, I would place them solidly amongst the 4 star resorts I've stayed at before, and I'm no pushover.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>m.stanley
<Content>Wanted to love it. My party was at the Paradisus for the Thanksgiving holiday and although the grounds were kept up well, facilities really nicely layed out, and food pretty OK for an all-inclusive - I am left a bit dissapointed.  The staff gives off an attitude - like eveything is your fault if the dinner reservation is screwed up - they almost seemed annoyed that you are there...and this is WITH royal service. We were paying extra for WHAT? The Royal Service pool is amazing - absolutley beautiful and you can reserve these amazing cabanas for the day...but they do not do a good job at patroling the reservations - basically you need to be your own police when you get to the pool to kick the people out of the cabana you have reserved....not exactly what I want or need to be doing on vacation. The Spa was by far the best experience while we were there. It exceeded my expectations for a spa at an all-inclusive. It is first class and the therapies were very very very well done.I guess when I look back - I am just disspointed in the level of customer service...some people were nice, but overall I felt like I was annoying them to ask a question or resolve an issue. It is really too bad because the resort is well done - has a lot of options (no beach though) - and the food was pleasant for all-inclusive (although the wait service stinks...good luck getting a drink without assalting the waiter).Note to management: Get the staff in line - and don't sell royal service just to rip people off with no SERVICE!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	2	1	2	

<Author>ravi_sim
<Content>Nice place to stay - but not 5 star Checkin was quick and politeWe were brought to our room in a small golfcart kind of car which was very cool. The bell boy was pleasant and nice.We were famished because we hadn鈥檛 had anything for the entire flight, so headed straight to Mirador grill for snacks. Good enough snacks to fill your stomach till dinner.We had a few cocktails there which were very good.We then went to make our dinner reservations. The reservation desk has a lot to improve on. First thing, they have to learn to smile, that goes a long way in making customers want to come back to the hotel. Sadly, that was missing. We got reservations for 10:00 pm that day and the next in Toscano and Avocado respectively. Both the restaurants are very nice 鈥?great service. Oh and we had to wait in line for 15 minutes and even after the last person before us left, the person in the reservation desk was acting busy entering something on the computer, and acknowledged us after we said about 3 鈥渉i鈥檚鈥?and 鈥渆xcuse mes鈥?鈥?terrible.The other thing is their tour desk. You are better off booking tours privately. There are many tours that pick up from Paradisus, and they are a lot cheaper too.I didn鈥檛 know about this and I booked it through them. I called them before leaving home and confirmed that they received my credit card details for the snorkeling trip. They said they did (they lied). When I went that morning all ready for my trip they say that they didn鈥檛 receive any payment. I was fuming but then what could I do? and they looked at me as if I was over reacting. Luckily the snorkeling trip was not full that day, so we could goThe next day, the bio bay trip that I booked through them was canceled for some reason. They didn鈥檛 even bother trying through other tours. Again no apology either. She simply refused to help. I called 12 other tour operators and finally could go (after spending 30$ on phone calls).No efficiency at all and they don鈥檛 bother to make up for any of the screwups they do. We almost missed the bio bay trip which is a must do if you go to PR because of their inefficiency. The tour desk is a joke.The good things:Wait staff - They are amazing. We were always greeted by genuine polite smiles. They are efficient and always ready to please.Lobby bar - very beautifully furnished place, nice to relax and have a conversation or enjoy the evening showersRoom 鈥?Marble floored, with an oversized bathroom. Very comfortable and cozyProperty 鈥?beautifully done and maintained. The pool is beautiful, but was always crowded so we didn鈥檛 go there much, we did other trips outside, and so we didn鈥檛 really miss the water. We took a walk along the sea shore. Even though the beach is nothing much, the view of the water, coconut trees and the calmness was very appealing. Bring bug spray! Kayaking and peddle boats are free, we did that and it was fun!The restaurants were ok. I didn鈥檛 like the food that much, but that might just be me. The teppanyaki in Bamboo is worth seeing. The display of cooking was great! Taste was ok. I liked Toscano the best (I generally like Italian food more). My husband said he liked avocado. Didn鈥檛 go to Romantico. Went to Caribeno for lunch and breakfast, it was good. Didn鈥檛 like the Mirador Grill because there were birds and insects around. Not a big deal for most people, but I don鈥檛 like it 鈥?no complaints though, there were other options for breakfast and lunch. Only for snacks we went there.Overall a nice place to go to, but it did not live up to the 5 star expectations.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	4	1	

<Author>Chaver
<Content>Facility 10+/ Food 3/ Service 3 too bad nice hotel First off never stay here with a group of four or more if you expect to eat without waiting for 1-2 hours even with a reservation. We made 8:00 pm reservations and they were not honored once during our stay. On one occasion with an 8:00 pm reservation we waited until 10:00 pm to eat only to find most of the employees went home and we had to find the manager and complain heavily to get food. We ended up just walking in past the maitre de at most meals because there is no communication between employees as far as table availability. Expect to wait an hour and a half past your reservation time and that鈥檚 only if they don't lose your reservation which happens frequently. This is a real shame as the hotel is beautiful as well as all the facilities. The employees are very friendly and helpful but all complain the hotel is badly understaffed and they are 100% right.On our first day I was very impressed until we went to eat lunch and were greeted by a beautiful indoor-outdoor restaurant with garbage on every single table. Not one clean table what a disappointment! We have been to many resorts in the Caribbean and know to expect service moves a little slow but this place is a joke. On our final night we were told we would have no problem with our reservation,guess what they lost it again which brought out the general manager who thought by handing his card to us would satisfy us, another joke.The General manager told our party we never made a reservation even though we had a confirmed written reservation from the hotel in hand. Whenever you complain they write it down and hand you a card like that鈥檚 supposed to make you feel better. When I told the manager about the lost reservations he incredibly told me (after I refused to take his card again) that鈥檚 the way it is here. To me that means if you don't like it tough luck! So much for the food, incidentally one night (with a 9:00 reservation) we waited until 11:00 pm to be seated, my dish came with only a small piece of fish as we were told there were no vegetables left. Do not come here if you like the ocean as you can't swim in it because of all the sea grass.If you want a chaise lounge be prepared to get up very early as they are all taken by 10:00am. The cabanas by the pool are great but never available unless you are there before sunrise. There are some good things, the bartenders are very attentive and the liquor is top shelve. Some in our party opted for the Royal service including a private pool which is great because the main pool has music blasting so loud I could not listen to my Ipod. My kids were exited to go to the talent show unfortunately it was is in Spanish. The Casino is small but ok, they are short on dealers. Friday night with the place packed there was only one Roulette table with a load of people waiting to play, I asked the manager to open another table and he told me he did not have a dealer.Upon checking out we were greeted by an employee who asked how our stay was. I gave her the information in this review and she told me she heard the same thing all week.I don't know maybe they had a bad week when we were there but I would guess we were not the first to experience these problems with the facility. I feel bad to write this review as the Hotel is really beautiful the employees attentive, it could be a realnice place once they get their act together and hire more staff. One last note RoyalService doesn鈥檛 mean much, the ones in our party who opted waited 2 hours to check in because there was no room for them. It doesn鈥檛 make sense if you have kids as they are banned from using the 鈥淩oyal鈥?pool, For adults it鈥檚 great if you don't want the zoo scene at the main pool. Also you are supposed to have a butler for the extra $150 a day but nobody ever saw his or her butler after the first day! We had 20 people with us and not one person said they would come back again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>DCAttorney
<Content>We didn't want to leave! The bad reviews could not be farther from the truth. My husband and I just left this hotel this morning and because we were so nervous about the negative reviews, we could not wait to come back and write a review. I am EXTREMELY picky and never stay in a hotel with less than 4 stars. Everything was perfect from start to finish.We also did the Royal Service Oceanfront service. The staff was FABULOUS. After arriving at the hotel, we were whisked off to the special room where Royal Service guests are checked in. We were offered champagne during this process (or any other drink that we desired). All restaurant reservations were made for us at that time. Then we were taken to our room. The room was very nice and the jacuzzi on the balcony was great. I could write for days about how nice our stay was but the fact that we just booked a December vacation at another Paradisus property in Cancun should tell all! Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StaceyBorsik
<Content>Awesome Resort Great Resort! This place was amazing! One of the best vacations I've ever had and I've traveled all over the world and have stayed at many nice resorts, plus I live in paradise in Florida so great review is something special! As for Restaurants you have to make all dinner reservations when you arrive. As for Breakfast  Lunch: Mirador is outside and very casual, El Caribeno is in inside and air conditioned both have great food, a little more upscale. For dinner...must try Romantico...super nice candlelite dinner. This is the only restaurant that requires a dress code, ie: kakais pants and a polo shirt are fine for guys...dress shirt and tie is not required. Very Romantic and a must for one of your nights. Bamboo is a great Japanese Restaurants with Teppanyaki (that's where they prepare the food right in front of you at a table, what a great show) or you can do the sushi buffett. In between Romantico and Bamboo is an awesome Martini Bar, go there before your reservation and have a cocktail. They make great martinis...I heard great things about Avocado which is a American Steakhouse that may guests raved about as well, though I didn't have enough days to check out. All the drinks were top shelf...and since you're in Puerto Rico you need to try some Rum Drinks, try the Rum Punch at the pool and Mojitos are delicious. Don Q and Barcardi are the Puerto Rican Rum Favorites. If you get the basic room you will be so pleased, we had a king bed and it was huge...all rooms are suites. This was my 3rd vist to Puerto Rico and I would go back in a heartbeat. I didn't do any Spa Services but heard they were execellent. This is a great place to visit on a honeymoon, anniversary, or just a get away and even with babies/kids. And if anyone is getting married there...wow you'll love it, they have beautiful area for a ceremony. Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2ndavid
<Content>Enjoyed very minute of Paradisus. I went for a 4 day RR with my husband at Paradisus. We really enjoyed our stay. The resort was beautiful and the staff were very friendly. The food was great! The room was clean and getting the royal service was an excellent idea. Felt like we were king and queen for that 4 days. Didn't have to wait in line for check-in and there were so many perks by having the royal service. Highly recommend the royal service. We check out the night before so we didn't have to worry about waiting in line for check out and missing our shuttle. The ocean was right there at the resort and it was very quiet and nice. I enjoyed walking on the beach and taking in the scenery. True, the water was not very blue but it was still very nice. Some day the food was better than another but the dessert always make it up. This website was so helpful in gaining information about the resort. I took all the tips from other reviewers ie. get the royal service, make dinner reservation right away, etc. So thank you to everyone that made a review for this resort.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>drdavid5
<Content>PARADISE at PARADISUS My history: this was my4th all inclusive ,all different regions/resorts,1 cruise.OVER ALL PARADISUS GRADE: Aour stay was Friday Oct 6th- Monday Oct 9thGRADE:A+ Airport arrival. Greeted at baggage claim by a Paradisus rep. escorted to shuttle bus D SHUTTLE BUS. Had to sit on the bus for almost an hour for guests arriving on later flights. A 45 min. ride to hotel. $60.00 p/p round trip.A Hotel check in. This only took about 10 minutes . But I was 3rd in line. There was a long line behind me and some guests took over an hour to check in . (other guests may grade this lower) TIP: Sit in front on the shuttle bus; get off QUICK on head straight for check in!A+ Hotel/ grounds: Well kept  CLEAN!!!!!! A+ STAFF: almost all staff FRIENDLY,FUN, and will go out of there way to help you be happy!A+ ROOM, clean,no bugs,terrific maid service. As almost all hotels in these regions there is a musty smell. TIP: take a portable air purifier like I do, or a scented candle.C+ Restaurants, some great some BAD A Breakfast great service C- lunch buffets LACKING,sometimes empty B dinner A BAMBOO B ROMANTICO,limited menu,not fine dinning service D- AVOCADO This is a CHEAP Ponderosa! The Buffet is good if you like seafood. Our steaks were UNEDIBLE and the server droped the steaks on the table and never returned! AVOID this restaurant. No need to wear long pants in this place A ROOM SERVICE: nothing fancy but the food is good ,fast service.There is a $3.00 charge everytime room service is ordered A BEACH- I am not sure what all the complaints( on this site) are all about?! The beach is long. There are some rocks,shells,seaweed but IT IS THE OCEAN!!!!!!!! The water is not the deep blue like Cancun,Nassau but overall JUST FINE!A+ POOL. Large,CLEAN .There are 鈥渉ot tub like sitting areas鈥?some places you can stand In the pool and overlook the ocean!!!!!A FITNESS CLUB---for a resort it has what you need to work out.A+ BARS  LOUNGES------TOP SHELF!!!!!! Crown, V.O.,Absolute,Carona , Gran Marier A++ The Pool BAR  STAFF 鈥搕errific !!! A+ Check out- No delays, the porters came for luggage right away.A+ SECURTY. Located around the property, they would check to see for your wrist band to be sure you belong at the hotelA+ went to OLD SAN JUAN via hotel shuttle. Great place to go! The shuttle driver was OUTSTANDING!!!!!GREAT JOB! TIP: take the shuttle to old san juan,taxi BACK (about $70.00)OVERALL WE HAD A TERRIFIC TIME!!!!!!!!The food is the weak point of this hotel but it is a TERRIFIC PLACE!Final TIP: a vacation is what YOU make of it! You can complain about some problems, or YOU can ENJOY the time and focus on the GREAT THINGS!!! LIFE is what it is,and what YOU want it to be!GO AND HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>trustus
<Content>Frankie and Samara 's Anniversary My husband and I decided to stay at this all-inclusive resort for our anniversary and we are happy to say it was a great choice. We decided to upgrade to royal service, which we recommend. As royal service we bypassed the front desk, into the royal service check-in and promptly given cold beverages. In 5minutes we were on our way to enjoying our vacation. The rooms with a private jacuzzi, the staff service, the royal service pool with bartenders and no children, the restaruants with delicious food surpassed our expectations. We would like to thank the staff members that made it very memorable; melissa from royal service desk,Reynaldo  luis from the lobby bar. Special thanks to royal service pool bartenders Pedro  leslie (pedro that agua de coco was great), Angel and Manuelle our butlers thanks for giving us 5 star treatment. To every couple wanting a great romantic escape these two butlers will make it happen.To all you trip advisory readers,you can read all the reviews good and bad. but, the only true way to find out is to try this place for yourself.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gmroigmiller
<Content>Great Stay, will go back again! We went to Paradisus for our honeymoon (Sept 13-18) and had a blast. Driving to the hotel wasn't impressive but, once you get to the Coco Beach area, it is really pretty. We waited a while for someone to check us in for a while, there was noone to be found so when the girl finally arrived, we were a bit upset, hot and very uncomfortable due to the humidity. We left out luggage with the bell hop who took care of it. They have trolleys to take guests from the main lobby to their appointed bungalow. We decided to explore and eat something as we had a long flight due to AA. We ended up going to El Mirador (southwestern restaurant), the food was ok, it was somewhat cold; however, we were greeted immediately, seated and offered a beverage. Our room was awesome, we had a partial ocean view across from the Royal Service. The bed was comfortable, the room had a sitting area, nice size bathroom and a good size balcony. We had dinner at every single restaurant and they just got better per night. We do recommend you make dinner reservations for Romantico (best restaurant, food and service). The night entertainment was great and full of fun; the bartenders (specially Reynaldo and Luis ) were great. The facilities were awesome. Great pool with lots of space to have your own private corner; the pool bar was great and the bartenders there were very attentive and ready to suggest some exotic drink. The beach wasn't all that, so we didn't go in. However, the hotel gets busy on friday to sunday when the locals check in for the weekend. We found plenty of kids running around the pool and a bit noisy than we expected. Overall, we would like to go back for our 1 year anniversary.!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>earthangellinda
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at paradisus We just returned from our week at the paradisus. It was great!! I was pleasantly suprised with the outcome of our vacation. (I was initially hesitant to stay at an all inclusive report. )The resort is absolutely captivating!! The rooms were very clean. The pool was so so beautiful. Every where you looked was a beautiful view. The bars had everything you could imagine for your favorite drink. The food was pretty good. The buffets were satisfying. You must try the Romantico!!!!... It was my favorite restaurant!! The staff was great!! They were fluent in english and spanish. They were extremely helpful... a nice young lady at the concierge, Melissa, helped us plan a great local's day in old san juan. She went out of her way to do so. Our bell hop, Julio, was so kind. He always greeted us when he saw us and inquired about our stay. He even helped us when we were in dire need of a cigar. The restaurant's staff eventually started to recognize and address us by our names too!! Now that's great service!! There are a few things that the resort could improve on though... Check-in wasn't up to par. We didn't have to wait as long as others, but it wasn't a speedy process at all. And of course, they offerred a ice-cold beverage during the wait. They also provided a tram service to your bungalows.. it was nice, but was more readily available during their peak times (weekend). We had to wait for them to come around the rest of the time. There were timesthen we eventually got tired of waiting and waiked to our bungalow. Great for a romantic walk only if you are sober... different story if you have had a few adult beverages. They should list when each restaurants are open/closed, too. We had to ask daily which would be available for dinner. We absolutely loved Romantico and Bamboo. Advocado was ok.... my steak was over-cooked, but the appetizer buffet compensated for it. We were blindsighted as soon as we got to the paradisus shuttle bus at the airport. No one informed us that there was a $60 shuttle fee to and from the hotel. You just walk up to the stand and the girl tells you to sign before she explains about the fee. There was an AVIS car rental on site... but I would suggest renting your car from the airport. That is was we did. The drive is very scenic. Unfortunately, there is a daily charge to park/valet your vehicle. That shouldn't be the case with an all inclusive resort. These were just the little things that we were able to overlook during our vacation.... The stay was great..it was an extremely pleasant place to stay!! Just chill out and remember that you are ON VACTION!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>octubre11999
<Content>Not What You Will Expect For The Money I am used to travel around the world for pleasure and for businness. I have stayed in all kind of hotels and resorts around the world. I have been living in Puerto RIco for the past 11 years and stayed in all kind of places around the island. I live close to Paradisuss (3 minutes away) and choose to stay there just for the fun of it. To start , the checking time was ridiculous (almost an hour) not to mention the check out time wich took over 90 minutes and then another hour waiting for my luggage. The food was terrible and i mean terrible. The room had a bad odor and needed to be freshen up. The hotel outdoors and gardens are beautifull and in excellent conditions. The staff was very friendly. This hotels is far away to be considered a 4 or 5 stars. Only the price is 4 stars.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	4	2	

<Author>rao1
<Content>The Best All-Inclusive Ive Ever Been Too i just got back from puerto rico where i stayed at the paradisus hotel. the grounds were beautiful and the food excellant, i recommend this hotel for couples as it is very romantic, also great for families with children. a super huge pool and top shelf liquer at the bars through out the property. august28-sept 01,2006 my stay. the rooms are very nice and clean. never a problem and everyone their speaks good english. on site avis desk for car rentals. and a shuttle to take you roundtrip or one way to airport. $30.00 each way. bartenders are alert and you'll always have a fresh drink handled to you. plenty of activities and at least six specialty restuarants all including in your hotel stay. i paid $200.00 per night and everything included. the spa is awesome, many services from deep tissue massage to facials, jucuzzi, steam room, sauna, showers and a gym area with free weights and treadmills, stationary bikes etc. take your girl with you and i quaranntee an excellant time.....  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crk723
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Horrible Service We only spent one night at the Paradisus after spending eight nights at the Ritz in Isla Verde. We wanted to see if it was worth planning a future trip. The lobby, landscaping, rooms, and pool were very nice. It truly gives you the feel of a secluded tropical paradise. However it is very true that they are understaffed and they have horroble service. The only restaurant worth eating at was the La Romantica, which was fantastic. The worst part of our experience was the room service. We were three people and EVERYTHING that we orderd was un-edable. It was disgusting. There is also no real beach at this resort. So if you plan on laying on the beach, I recommend you stay in Isla Verde.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>dioner
<Content>butifull but enogh staff well let me tell you something their are understaff all the time. Why if you have this buitifull place if you no have the correct quantitty of employees to atend the guest in properly maneers? The only positive was the room attendant Yonelly she did a very good job.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	3	5	1	4	2	

<Author>skyprincess1004
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful and Had a BLAST! After reading all the negative reviews here, I was a bit worried about my vacation at the Paradisus, but I've realized most of these folks just complain about EVERYTHING. I traveled with a group of 10 to the Paradisus on 7/31 for a 5 night stay, and must say that we had an awesome time. Our shuttle bus pickup from the airport was prompt and our driver did not drive like a lunatic. I was actually surprised that the bus was a real shuttle bus operated by Paradisus, vs. a van that most tour operators use. Check in took literally 10 mins for us, as we had FREE upgrades to Royal Service. There is a different area for Royal Service Guests. RS will give you vip concierge service, your private butler, snacks mid day, and access to the RS pool, where there are no children allowed. If you do decide to purchase RS, its actually only 25.00 per person per night. We did have a tiny problem with one of the rooms smelling very moldy/musty with damp bedding. However, that problem was resolved immediately. I must say that the rooms (we had an oceanfront RS room) are well decorated, spacious, and comfy. We also did not have a problem getting reservations to the restaurants. We were able to get reservations to every ala carte restaurant for a group of 10. The beach is really non existent, but the RS pool was so great that we didn't budge. Also folks, keep in mind that Paradisus i located about 45 mins from San Juan, so if you plan your day trips to old san juan/san juan ahead. We ended up renting two sport utes for an entire day at about 110.00/sport ute. I would definitely stay at the Paradisus again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>posatcop
<Content>stay far,far away. belive All the negative reviews Stay far, far away For anyone thinking about going to the Paridisius All Inclusive Resort let me tell you about my adventure at the resort. It started on a Monday july 24 where we were met by a hotel representative at the airport and taken to the resort bus. Being the only family only family on the bus was nice, but the driver thought he was driving a Nascar causing my wife and I hold onto the kids for our lives. Once there, the resort looked beautiful, marble floors to ceilings. Little did I know there was a line down the hallway and exposed to the humidity and heat of the day. After approx 2 hours was waiting with no forward movement and kids wanting to run around and starting to complain about being hungry. I saw several people in line drinking and having a great time in line. People began spilling drinks and leaving their empties on the floor and any place that will hold a drink. Well considering the floors were made out of marble with fountains all long the hallway, not to mention the humidity, turned the beautiful marble floors into a ice skating rink. Kids were slipping all over the place and keeping the kids from wanting to play with every left drink was also fun for next two hours. During this time my son had to go to the bathroom, and after locating the nearest bathroom next to the bar my next adventure started. The bathroom has three rooms, the entrance/sitting room, the washroom, and the room you finally use. Well out of the three stalls available, stall number 1 looked like someone did number 1 all over the walls and seat, stall number 2 looked like someone did number 2 in the trash can next to the toilet, and stall number 3 which appeared to reasonably clean had not toilet paper. After kicking the trashcan out of stall number 2 in order for my son to use the stall was an experience wont forget. By the time I got back the line that still did not move I was already calling continental looking for a flight to go to Disney in order to save my vacation. Unfortunately continental only flew to Huston and Newark. By hour four came around we finally got the front of the line and still looked like we will be in the line for at least another hour, we had it. After asking for the manager we were taken out of the line and escorted out of the lobby in order to voice our complaints to the director. Luckily my wife insisted on have the meeting in a air conditioned room because at this point all I wanted was to go home. After telling the director this story he attempted to satisfy the situation by telling us this was a busy day. After asking him if the incompetence was a management or front end staff problem, he advised me it was a little bit of both. He then attempted to give us 50% off the first day thinking it will make up for the now five hours I had to wait for a room. Needless to say we were given the first night for free because by the time we finally checked in and eaten dinner, the kids were ready for bed.Unfortunately the rest of our stay wasn鈥檛 any better. The Italian buffet restaurant they made reservations for us horrible. You would think at an Italian buffet there would be some pasta! For breakfast we eat at restaurant surrounded by netting. It would take to long to get into everything that was wrong, but let me say it was dirty, the staff doesn鈥檛 know enough to keep the floors clean so no one slips on the beautiful tile floor, and the food was terrible. When you鈥檙e not waiting on line, don鈥檛 bother going to the beach. You would think after pouring all that money into the d茅cor you would work on the beach. Beach was unusable, full of sea grass, broken coral, and surrounded by huge rocks making it a challenge to get to. Luckily the director gave me his business card because trying to get reservations into a restaurant was impossible. How do charge almost $500.00 a day and can鈥檛 eat where you want. Needless to say the director got us into the only two restaurants worth eating at. The Japanese restaurant was great, and the steak house was also very nice, but I could not help but notice that while eating in the restaurants I was told were full. The restaurants were half empty the entire time I was eating.  Now the night before we left I saw only two people waiting on line at the front desk. I figure why not check out early for tomorrow. Well it still took 1 hour in order to check out and thank god we did because the next day the power and water goes out for some unknown reason. No one told us what was going on or when to expect things to come back on. Instead employees continued to walk around like nothing was wrong while I quickly gathered our luggage and headed to the lobby looking for the next bus to the airport. After eventually finding a bus that will take us to the airport I thanked god that the airport was far better and safer place to wait for our flight. Kids were able to run around without having to worry about slipping on the floors and the food was a lot better. Next time I will stick with disney where the customer serice is first and formost.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>reliance123
<Content>Great stay! Would go back! The resort was BEAUTIFUL and beyond our expectations! We traveled with a group of 13 and the staff was courteous and friendly. We made the most of the all inclusive restaurants - which were not all that bad at all. We read up on the resort before going and were pleasantly surprised that there were almost no problems! There were tiny ants in our rooms, but we weren't in our rooms that much, so it wasn't a huge problem. Overall GREAT stay. We'd go again! All 13 of us!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>portiace
<Content>It was a nightmare This was a vacation disaster. Let me say, we are not overly picky people and expect that an all-inclusive will have some issues. Well this place is horrible. After waiting for 3 hours to get in our room, only after I had to speak to a manager and our children were crying in the lobby from hunger, heat, and exhuastion, the resort lost power the next morning. It was not weather related and the rest of Pueto Rico was fine. Besides there being no lights, tv, refridgeration, a/c, etc., there was no running water! The toilets didn't work. It was disgusting and unsanitary. The thing about it was that there was ZERO communication with the guests, no bottled water, ice, flashlights. No explanation, no information. The power was out all day. The pool was disgusting since it was not being filtered. We saw the hundreds of people in the lobby in line for some sort of help and left. We luckliy had a car and the resources to find another place to stay. I feel for all the people trapped there. We then spent 3 blissfully perfect days at the Ritz-Carelton in San Juan. It is quite scary that a big, supposedly good resort has NO capabilty to handle a major problem like losing power. Can anyone say hurricane? Don't risk it and go here. They don't know what they are doing!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>DallasCB22
<Content>Great Food, Beautiful rooms and grounds Date July 24 - 29, 2006Experience: Overall is was nicePros: Great Food, Great Rooms and Beautiful grounds, Nice staff - 80% if whom speak English. 25 minute neck and back message given to evreryone who checks in to the hotel.Cons: We arrived at 3pm and did not get a room unitl 6:30 p.m. It took us 3 1/2 hourws to check in, which needless to say ruined an entire day. There is only one restaurant that is not buffet, breakfast and lunch buffet is fine but wouldl ike to have a sit down dinner. Trolleys that run every ten minutes to take you to your room.Power outage happened on Thursday and the staff did not communicate what would happen to guests if the power did not come back on, after seven hours of waiting around and getting dark, I approached the front desk and was told that due to no lights and water the Government would shut them down in a half hour and take guest to a refugee camp until the problem was resolved. The entertainment was great if you spoke Spanish because they did not offer any English shows at all, they are marketing to a strictly Spanish audience. Delivery of luggage to rooms is very slow, sometimes taking up to 45 minutes. Also, not having children myself, I was constantly surrounded by kids with no place to just sit and relax byt he pool to enjoy a nice swim or a good book. The swim up bar has nore kids sitting there and no room for adults. The resort could use one area for adults. With six jacuzzis they could make one an adult only experience.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BritRN
<Content>Not 5 Star but they are working on it Arrived to check - in which took over 1 hour. Only 2 people at the desk registering new arrivals. Not offered a drink. I went to the bar and relunctantly I was given bottles of water. We were unaware of the Royal Service (RS )so we had to book our restaurants for the week at the concierge. We did manage to get to the restaurants we wanted .We prefer to be waited on and not do buffets and did get those type of restaurants.. From there we decided to get towels and go to the pool . At 3pm there were no clean towels and we were told to walk to the RS pool to get some. Well bad no towels , good that we went there. This pool is Adult only,( no -one under 18yrs) peaceful , elegant and has upgraded wooden sun beds. We figured out very fast this is where we wanted to spend our week. An Upgrade cost us only $25 pp, which in our opinion was definately worth it. If we had done this in advance we would have also been able to check in at the designated RS lounge (so no waiting upon arrival). A continental breakfast and pre-dinner appetizers are available in the RS lounge- worth going there as other people said lines for breakfast were horrible in the main restaurants. Restaurant wise the Bamboo, Avocado and Romatico were very good. Service is not. Having stayed at other recommended  Leading Hotels of the World this is not one and should be removed from their book until a similar standard is achieved. However, a management team from the Cancun Paradisus are here presently and are making changes! We met some great people and had fun with them. The weather was beautiful. The Spead Eagle catamaran day out was outstanding and the snorkelling better that we expected. Overall I would say a 4 star resort with potential . Cannot tell you how the place is from a view without the RS.Other people were complaining about the noise at the main pool, lines for food and standard of food being mediocre in the self service restaurants. Would visit again but like one other reviewer said there are too many other great resortss out there to visit to keep coming back and many more are better than here  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	3	3	1	2	4	

<Author>susandances
<Content>One of the BEST! We just returned from a long weekend at the Paradisus (July 21 - 24) and had a spectacular time! Do Not believe the negative reviews! The resort is absolutely beautiful, from the grounds to the rooms. My husband and I paid for the Royal Service and I would highly recommend that you pay the extra for it. We did not wait long at all to check in (there was one person ahead of us). I will say that the line was extremely long for regular check-in and we met a family that waited 2 hours to check in. Therefore, do the Royal Service if you can. Upon arrival, our butler (Manuel) drove us to the Royal Service pool, reserved a Palapas (wonderful hut w/mattress and pillows) for us for our entire stay, got us drinks and booked us reservations for dinner for our stay. You definitely need to book dinner reservations when you arrive. We found that they tend to say that the non-buffet restaurants are booked, but if you insist or just show-up you most likely will get in. We ate at Romantico twice and really enjoyed it. The food was very good and the service was excellent. The other night we ate at Avacado which was quite good, too, though not as good as Romantico. We ate breakfast and lunch at Mirador and contrary to what others have written, my husband and I enjoyed our meals there. It is not gourmet food and a lot of it is their local cuisine, but the food is perfectly good. It is an open-air restuarant and views of the ocean are wonderful. Every morning we asked them if they would cut us a fresh mango and they never had a problem with it. We has excellent service there, too!The Royal Service pool is quiet and our bartenders (Pedro and Leslie) were excellent! They would check on us quite often and bring us drinks. Both bartenders made great rum drinks!If you are truly a beach person then this may not be for you. The beach is very rocky and there is a lot of seaweed and what not at the shore. We did take a kayak out one day and we were able to get out of it and swim in the water further out. The ocean water is warmer than the pool! We never really ventured over to the main pool. It was very crowded while we were there (there were 2 conventions). There were many activities going on every day (salsa lessons, water aerobics, karaoke, etc). My husband and I were there for relaxation and that is exactly what we got! I did get a massage at the spa and it was wonderful! If you have the time and the money, I would recommend it!All in all, this was one of the best vacations we have been on. We have been to Puerto Rico before and have stayed at what was once the Hyatt Cerromar and this was much better! The Paradisus is a beautiful resort with lovely accomodations, good food and just a really wonderful time!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottnic
<Content>Had a decent time, but not 5 star quality!!! We just came back from our stay at the Paradisus this past week, July 15-19. It was my husband, me and my 2 year old. We had a good time, but there were definitely some negatives which the hotel needs to address. The whole reservations thing for dinner is absolutely ridiculous for an all-inclusive resort. I've never heard that anywhere else. We were able to get reservations every night, but the timing was terrible, especially with a two year old. Our earliest dinner was at 8:15, and we even had one at 9:45 one night. Yes, we could have eaten at the outdoor buffet from 3:30 - 5:30, but why pay the outrageous price on all-inclusive and get mediocre food. The Bamboo was the best, and the Caribeno was great for breakfast and lunch. The Mirador food was not so good. After the first day, we never went back. We knew about the beach from reading all the reviews, so that wasn't much of a surprise. They do try to make up for it by providing paddle boats, kayaks, and wind surfing on the beach, I thought that was nice. The pool was nice, and we mostly spend our entire vacation there. The next biggest hassle were waiting for the golf carts to go to the restaurants and pools every day. Although it's not a great length, when you have a two year old and are expecting another, the walk is not nice. I am not a very hard pleaser, but when you shell out the kind of money for an all-inclusive 5 star hotel, you expect certain amenities along with comfort and relaxation. We own a time share in the Mayan Riviera and stayed at an all inclusive for our honeymoon. I could say hands down that the Aventura Spa Palace there, which was also all-inclusive, was by far more relaxing and accomodating to a vacationer's needs (i.e. no charge for room service, mini-fridge stocked with food, chocolate, cookies, drinks of all sorts, no reservation needed for dinner). Overall, the place was nice and we had a good time, but there were things here and there that just seemed so tricky or penny pinching about the resort, that I couldn't give it a full thumbs up (The room service menu stated that they couldn't bring up a carton of milk for the baby, we had to take it from breakfast or lunch every day and keep it in the fridge). We stayed at the regular villas, and it seems like those with rave reviews all had the royal service, maybe that is much nicer. We would probably not go back.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChipL71
<Content>Two Families - One Great Experience As another person mentioned, I'm sorry I checked Trip Advisor before this vacation. It only caused unnecessary anxiety. We did wait about 15 - 20 minutes to check in, so I immediately feared the worst had come true. But I'm happy to say that was just about the only wrinkle (if you can really call it that) in our whole stay.We traveled with friends and they agree that this was a perfect getaway. Each family had a 4 and 6 year old child. They enjoyed the experience as much as the adults.To give some perspective on the food, the two families are from Northern New Jersey and we have dined in some of the finest restaurants in the north east. Frankly with the exception of the scrambled eggs EVERYTHING we ate ranged from good to wonderful. Breakfast and lunch were as good as breakfast and lunch could be. Avocado was our favorite dinner spot.Perhaps we had a nice time because it was in the off season, but take it from someone who lives among people with the highest expectations of service and quality, it is a great resort.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Beachlover888
<Content>Some flaws .... but overall very nice We (2 adults) just returned from a week at the Paradisus. For months I read the comments on the tripadvisor and had very mixed feelings about the resort. Well, overall I have to say that we enjoyed our stay very much. Service was very good, friendly and helpful. We got all the dinner reservations we desired and the times we wanted. On the first evening, since we arrived around 6 PM, the concierge desk was already closed. But we went to the Toscana restaurant and were welcomed and seated within minutes. The buffet style Italian food was very good and offered a nice variety and the wait staff was excellent. That was a promising beginning!!!The front desk could not honor our request for a king-size bed room (reason was never explained), but offered us a room with two double beds pushed together (which was acceptable) in the Royal section without the royal service. (The rooms are basically the same in the royal and non-royal section). Yes, the beach is nothing, also the water is clear and warm, but the coral and coarse sand and rocks are not nice. I brought my aqua shoes and spent every day a bit of time wading knee deep in the water, seeing quite a few fish. The pool is large and busy the whole day long. We found an umbrella shaded area (bed) every day, since we were at the pool around 7:30AM. I am a bit puzzled about the remarks of another tripadvisor writer in relation to the pool bar. We usually requested our last drink at the pool around 4:30PM and never had a problem with it not being honored or even having to wait. We never ordered drinks while in the water. Like I said, the staff was great everywhere.We were able to eat in all restaurants and the food was excellent. Bamboo: great Japanese tepanyaki....the day we went, two seats on our table were empty.La Romantica: great food, a lovely ambience and an attentive wait staffAvocado: steak and fish dishes were excellent, service very efficient even on a day when there were a lot of large tables (convention) who required so much extra work.Carabena: breakfast and lunch buffets were always presented very well with lots of things to choose from. Fresh fruit every day, great salads and cold cuts (salmon and prociutto crudo) and a friendly wait staff to refill your water or drinks. I tried the scambled eggs and they were very good, not at all rubbery and dry as some reviewers indicated. Mirador: this was a bit disappointing, especially the evening meal there. It is buffet style and there is no Mexican ambience and the wait staff is the slowest. I would not recommend the Mirador for dinner. Unfortunately, the resort creates some of the problems with insisting of stationing a hostess at the door for breakfast and lunch buffets. One has to constantly wait for the hostess, because she is off seating people, and that creates a backup.We were at the Paradisus when there was a convention with 250 people and it tended to be crowded and loud during breakfast and lunch. Not 5star quality!!!One remark from a previous writer about no food available after 3PM until dinner time, is not correct. The Mirador, which is the outdoor restaurant close to the pool, serves snack food between 3:30 and 5:30PM. We went ithere once and were offered chips and dips, pizza, chicken nuggets and a few other things. So, there is always something to eat.We used the resort shuttle bus for transportation to and from the airport and it was efficient and quick. No problems other than upon arrival at San Juan airport the driver neglected to hold up a sign for Paradisus, but had only a sign for travelocity. When we could not locate the bus, I had to call the resort and then a staff member located us immediately and escorted us to the waiting bus. So, a bit of confusion.... but no harm done.The bell hop service worked great upon check in, but we called for luggage pick up upon check out and nobody showed at the appointed time. We wheeled our luggage to the lobby by ourselves.We did not use room service and did not frequent any bars other than the pool bar.If you plan to travel there with children, I think the activity desk does a lot to keep the kids entertained. There were always games offered and other activities and we saw a lot of happy kids. In summation..... the resort is beautiful and the grounds very nice. Would we go there again? .. probably, but given all the other places in the Caribbean, we tend not to go to the same place every year. If you have any questions, please feel free to send me an email. I will be happy to give you my view.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm here now, July 14, 2006 The hotel grounds are beautiful. There was a recently a management change. They still have a way to go. I understand there have been several management changes in the last two years. Service in restaurants is very inconsistant. Room service gets our order correct 50% of the time. Best food is in Bamboo and Romantico restaurants. Overall, this hotel has great potential. But, has falls short now. Tour desk only has one person. Generally a wait to get information. However, offers variety of excursions. Recommend 4 wheeler trip. No food service at Royal Service pool. If you want food delivered, you must order room service and have the food delivered to your room and carry it yourself to the pool. Odd!! Recommend Royal Service for couples. Lots of small kids and blaring mexican hip-hop music at main pool. Lots of locals here on weekends, with children. Two additional luxury hotels are scheduled for completion next to Paradisus within the next few years. Hope everything is up to speed by then or they will have a difficult time.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Blast My wife and I picked the Paradisus Puerto Rico, because we had stayed at Sol Melia All Inclusives before (Playa Conchal Costa Rica), and we were curious about seeing Puerto Rico. We also thought we could (and did) get a good deal in the off-season (last week of June). After we made the reservation, we had some difficulty getting answers to some of our emails, but were still excited to go. Then someone suggested checking out Trip Advisor. Wish we had not. The reviews were negative, and just made us anxious about the whole thing. As it turned out, we had a great time. The food, facility, service, area etc. were all wonderful. We play golf, and the Resorts nearby were excellent (Coco Beach and Rio Mar). If you play golf, you must play the Lakes and Mountain Courses at Coco Beach, and the River course at the Rio Mar. The hotel will take you to the Coco Beach course for free, and pick you up. We did not run into a single unhappy person at the hotel, and everyone was wondering what provoked those negative reviews. As for ourselves, we have nothing, but good things to say. As others have said, you should make your dinner reservations for the whole week as soon as possible. Also be advised that if you rent a car and drive there, the self-parking is $10.00 per day. The area and facility are beautiful. If you do go, plan ahead for checking out. We called three times to get our bill, so that we could do Express Check-out. We finally gave up and went to the front desk. Luckily no one was in line and we were immediately taken care of. We hated to leave, because we had a blast.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Paradisus We stayed at Paradisus June 12-20 2006 for our honeymoon and had a fabulous time! The rooms were beautiful. No problem getting into the a la carte restaurants (everyday but the first). I am a foodie and was worried about the food. However, the dinners were wonderful. Room service was excellent. The breakfast and lunches were buffets, but were not bad. I especially liked the fresh fruit. It was very relaxing, had music every night and had lots of optional tours. We loved the rainforest tour with extended hike, where we could swim in La Mina Falls. We also went deep sea fishing (didn't catch anything :() , snorkeling and to Old San Juan. The pools were beautiful and it was very easy to get a cabana. A great place to visit if you want a relaxing vacation!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not very All Inclusive at all... I've stayed a couple of times this year (work-related). Here are my observations:* Rooms are gorgeous, perhaps the best thing the resort has, besides the lobby.* Room service takes almost an hour, with a $3 charge (all inclusive?). Still, we decided to keep using room service for the reason stated in the following bullet.* Restaurants are not open all the time. They open at 6 or 6:30AM and then they close at 11-11:30AM. Then, they open at 12:00 to close at 3PM, and then you have to wait until 6PM for dinner. So, if you just decided to go to bed late because you kept hanging out or watched movies until 3AM, then you have to adjust yourself to their schedule so you get to eat something. Unless, you use cold-food room service. Then, if you are at the pool and suddenly you realize it's 3:30PM, you're [----] because you have to wait until 6PM (that, of course, if you happen to have a reservation for that time!!!!). So, if you're hypoglycemic, don't ever come to this hotel! Or, leave the pool, go back to the room, and ask for cold-food room service... again.* Reservations: They sell you this hotel over the internet and ads as a top class resort with amazing restaurants blah blah blah. But, the restaurants are always full, and you have to make reservations the day you check in, not before. So, you may have to wait until 10PM to get to eat to at the Bamboo (Japanese restaurant), which is amazingly great, by the way, but always full. There's always buffet food at the Mirador and Caribe帽o, but believe me, the food is not very good. The restaurants close before midnight, and there's no such thing as midnight munch like in cruises. Either you starve, or go back to your room (even if you're supposed to be out enjoying the resort lobby and facilities) and, guess what, order room service.* Bamboo and Avocado are the best restaurants. However, I have observed that now they are serving much less in restaurants than before, and the quality of the buffet food in general (especially lunch and dinner) is declining.* The Pool is beautiful, kids will have a great time.* The Beach is probably the ugliest beach in Puerto Rico, by far. It's full of rocks, not much beach sand, and just ugly.* Bars/pubs: This is the must disgusting thing. There are only three bars at the resort, an ALL INCLUSIVE resort, and I will discuss each of them separately to send the message clear of what's wrong with this resort.- Pool bar: Pool bar is great, bartenders are great, drinks are great. Half of the bar is outside the pool and the other is inside (it is not very big, but nice). For some reason, at about 3 or 4PM they close the outside section of the bar, so if you are not inside the pool, the bartenders kindly tell you that you could keep ordering but by standing by the edge of the pool, screaming at the bartender, and finally bending over to get your drink; this is after having to compete with other people at the pool. I think this is outrageous. How could they just close one side of the bar when at least half the people at the pool are is outside!!! And they do this everytime, it is not that I stayed once, one day, and saw that...- Casino/Pub bar: This bar is OK. People can smoke inside and air circulation is horrible, so it stinks as bad as you could imagine. Furniture absorbs all the smoke smell, so even during the day the room stinks. Bartenders are great, they are not the problem (they are probably the only good thing - as far as service goes- the resort has), the problem is that at 1AM (or before), during the weekends, the bar is closed, as well as the lobby bar (the next in my review), so you, as a tourist in an ALL INCLUSIVE resort, have nowhere to go, but to your room??????- Lobby bar: Lobby bar is on a nice spot. Bartenders are great, as usual. The only bad thing about this bar is that they close it shorly after midnight! Yes, you're on vacation on a resort that they sold you as an ALL INCLUSIVE resort, and before 1AM you have nowhere to go besides your room. No restaurants, no gazebos with food or drinks, no bars!!! They even shut down the lights and the fans at the LOBBY!!!!!!!!!!! Could you, for just a second, imagine this!!!??? You can't even keep talking to your friends, wife, or whoever you met that day, because they shut down the lobby, the only thing left open in this All Inclusive resort??? These people want to save it all! The funniest thing is, and this is true, if you ask for leaving the bar open, or for at least get a couple of beers out, they kindly tell you that you could order beers guess where?, yes!, from your room!!, and they limit the amount of beers you could order. It's so pathetic you have to laugh.With all I have told you, it would be hard to believe that the hotel is paying for a woman to sing every night by the lobby bar, but they do, only that she thinks that she is singing to her mirror because she is just only singing for her pleasure; she does not ever connect with the people around. She has a great voice, and surely has the talent to entertain the people better, but what she is doing now is just a show for herself; she even sang the Titanic song the last time I went... With the stinky casino/pub bar as the other option, I have had to stay at the lobby bar at night and listen to the most annoying singer I've ever watched in my entire life. When she sings salsa or merengue, there's only a few people dancing, and the only could be her. I've been to the Paradisus in Dominican Republic, and the singer(s) over there put a show that has the entire lobby dancing all night long!, and what do they play?, salsa and merengue!, and bachata too!To finish, I know Puerto Rico very well and there are many other places to stay which are far prettier, better, and funnier. There are hotels of all types in all metropolitan areas (San Juan, Ponce, Mayaguez), and Paradores (BBs) on most towns, where you don't have to be stuck in an all-inclusive resort that does not allow you to eat what you want, when you want, and tells you when to go to sleep. In summary, think well before making your decision to come to this hotel, and consider other options if you want to visit the Island (check tripadvisor.com for reviews of other places).  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the wrost service ever I just found out that the Paradisus (or hell) resort illegally overcharged my credit card of $1745, besides paying for my room $1204! I never authorized that payment. I also found out that I paid double one night. I'm currently trying to get my money back and I'm struggling in trying t find somebody who just answers the phone! It took me more than an hour to check out, and it was the same treatment for everybody, just because they have one or two people at the front desk and the slowest computer system ever. Other people have been overcharged. Everybody in my group complained. Stay away from that resort if you can!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Don't believe everything you read I was not looked forward to my recent trip based on the reviews but after the first day my mind was changed.The food was good. People must have only ate at Mirador Grill for them to say it is bad. I will say that the Caribeno did have better breakfast and lunch than Mirador Grill. Toscano was good. Joel the Maitre D' is great and very friendly.Bamboo was excellent! Romantico very good! Roberto is a great waiter. Manuel at the Royal Service Pool Bar was EXCELLENT!! He was always walking around making sure you were ok and if you needed another drink.Room was very nice and spacious. Lobby was always lively at night.The staff was always friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SERVICIO
<Content>the worst service I ever got I just returned from Paradisus Puerto Rico after I spent over $5000 US, the hotel is beautiful, but the services are so bad that after two days on the property you just want to check out and get your money back. First when asked for a manager to present a formal complaint no one was available, I even asked to speak to the GM, but everytime I asked for him it was not available and please do not go to the front desk and report a complaint, because the aptitud of the people at front desk it is something. My room was never cleaned, one night my wife and I were drinking an a boltle a wine felt on the floor, could you believe that a lot of pieces of glasses were under the bed when we left the hotel. The food is horrible, and do not order room service because it will be forever, it seems that no one care, I talked to one of the employees and he said, that the managment only think about firing employees and managers to see if things gets better, he said that most of the employee including some manager are looking to get out there, beacuse with 2 and half years of the opening and the hotel have not change a bit, that they want employees do work with only 4 waitress for restaurant. Please if I was you I will go some place else they are do false advertising telling costumer about been 5 star and I don think they are even close to two.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Paradisus, don't listen to the bad reveiws. ITS AWESOME       View from our room  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JSmith48
<Content>Some people can't enjoy themselves! My husband and I traveled to the Paradisus in Puerto Rico during the last month of June. We loved it, however some people are never happy.Suggestions for travelers*Book your dinner reservations for the week when you check into the hotel. We enjoyed all of them except the Mirador. *If you don't mind a walk, take your bags to your room yourself. This gives you some time to familiarize yourself with the grounds of the resort. (They are awesome!)*Get the Royal Service, if you can. You have access to a separate pool for adults only. There are gorgeous cabanas and chairs. You have a separate bar. (Manuel, the bartender, was awesome.). Check the website for all of the other additional items that are available.*The beach is a natural one. It is owned by the government. It is rocky, but swimable. Bring flipflops or water shoes.*If you have any problems or questions, ask a staff member. Please don't sit and complain. *Check the tour desk for the tours in the area. We went to the rainforest and loved it. It was worth the extra money.*Stay as long as possible!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Believe the HORROR STORIES! They OVERBOOK even confirmed guests are sent away I booked and confirmed a 7 night stay with my family. I also scheduled and paid for airport pick up for me and my 3 kids. We arrived at the airport - no pick up. Leaving me stranded at the airport with 3 kids late at night. I called the hotel to find out where they were and they told us they had overbooked and we would be put at the Courtyard Marriott for the 1st 3 nights of our stay. They said they would compensate us but then they charged my credit card after my stay! I am still trying to get a refund and they give me the run-around! I have made over 10 phone calls and not been able to resolve the matter. The other guests who booked through a 3rd party (i.e. web based like this site) were told they couldn't get any compensation. I did everything by the book with confirming and scheduling directly with Melia reservations. Confirmation #'s meant nothing. They overbooked by 23%! Over 100 people were put out in random places. When we finally checked in on day 4 I had to wait 1 1/2 hours standing on line in the lobby to check in only to find out it would be another 6-7 hours to get a room. They showed me a closet where I could change me  my entire family if we wanted to . Yes the facility is pretty but you may never actually get to it like many other guests I met. Even honeymooners were shuttled off to other 3rd rate hotels like us. I had read some complaints about dining and stuff but had figured some people are just fussy - I didn't care about that stuff. It was fine not 5 star but fine for a family vacation. What was not ok was asting my vacation time and money . DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE IF YOU VALUE YOUR TIME! I have written the management already and I had to dispute the charge with my credit card company because from what I can tell they have made no effort to resolve the problem.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cinnabar75
<Content>Absolutely Loved It! The Negative Reviews Are Not To Be Trusted I absolutely loved it! At first glance my breath was taken away. The lobby d茅cor was extraordinary. I was very skeptical about staying at this resort because I read all of these negative reviews about it and because I was traveling right after the recent fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico. To my surprise there was nothing to worry about. The ambience at the Paradisus put me in a relaxed tropical vacation mood right from the start. Getting stressed out was impossible at this place. Don鈥檛 believe all of the negative reviews. I was a nervous wreck during my whole flight worrying about what was waiting for me at this resort.The service was excellent. The staff was extremely attentive whether you tipped or not (I forgot to tip a few times). The only service issue I had was that housekeeping removed the washcloths and towels from the room daily but they would only replace them if they removed them from the towel rack. I know, silly but true. I never put my washcloths and towels on the rack after I use them so everyday I had to request a washcloth and towel. That was annoying.The food was excellent. I enjoyed all of the restaurants with the exception of the Midori Grill. The Midori Grill is the day snack eatery. This is the place to go if you missed one of the other restaurants for breakfast, lunch, or dinner but you are still hungry. The food tasted good but 鈥︹€︹€︹€?The Midori Grill belongs to the birds, literally. I am not at all comfortable dealing with birds of any kind. Because I am a native New Yorker, every bird is a pigeon. Those birds flew all over the place. They walked on the tables, they ate every piece of unattended food (including the buffet) and when they were done they pooped. Yuk! I only had to eat there on day 1 of my vacation because I neglected to read the electronic itinerary in the front of the resort that tells you what time everything opens and closes. Don鈥檛 make that same mistake; you do not want to eat with the Puerto Rican pigeons. The food at the other restaurants was excellent and so was the service. I read reviews that stated that the buffets had many unidentified foods and that the eggs were not safe to eat. I eat Caribbean food often so I knew what the few native dishes were. The breakfast buffet had an eggs station. I don鈥檛 really care for trendy food presented with chocolate drizzle and parsley on the plate so I was satisfied with what they had to offer. I had no complaints at all.The Beach was very small and full of shells. It was not very appealing but I am not a beach person so that did not bother me. However, before I left the resort I toured the grounds with the Melia Club and I discovered that the Paradisus has a section for Royal Services. This section is cut off from the rest of the resort. It has separate villas, separate staff, a separate pool, and a separate beach which is beautiful. The common traveler doesn鈥檛 have access to the Royal Service facilities and for good reason. Those people paid $$$$$$$ to be isolated. So if you want to have access to the fabulous Beach at the Paradisus that鈥檚 the way to go. But the pool will make up for the beach, if you don鈥檛 want to spend that kind of money.The pool is phenomenal. It鈥檚 huge! It has a swim up bar, pool beds so you can lie down and be in the water at the same time. There are real beds (not sure what they are called) on the outside of the pool as well. All of the activities take place around the pool. You can have a drink in the pool, step out to have a salsa dance lesson and then get back in the pool. It was great!The spa looked nice from the outside. lol Unfortunately, I did not have time to take advantage of the spa.The live entertainment was very enjoyable. It enhanced the mood of the lobby.The casino was small and quiet. If you are a casino person, then you know that quiet is not good sign at a casino. The nightclub was nice. They tried to play a variety of music to please all of their patrons but they played mostly Latin music. Some nights there was a live DJ and other nights they played recorded music. I have a very nice time there.The movie theater was nice. I missed the movie that I wanted to see because of a misprint on the activities schedule but I got to see the facility and it was nice.The Paradisus was a great value for the money. I recommend booking off season to get a better deal.I would also recommend that you do a few things when you get there:1) Make dinner reservations for every night of your stay all at once, shortly after you arrive. You can always change them later if you need to.2) Have patience with the front desk. The atmosphere is very laid back so don鈥檛 expect check-in to move quickly.3) Go to breakfast early if you come late you will miss the egg station. I loved the egg station.Overall I loved the resort and I plan to go back next year and stay a little longer. There were so many things that I did not get to do because I had such a short stay.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Checked out and went to another hotel Went to Paradisus this past Monday June 12, 2006 for a 5 night stay. I tried to book a private Villa but they were all sold out. I booked a Ocean View Suite with Royal Service. We paid $660. per night for two people for this All Inclusive Resort. Billed as a 5 Star I was very disappointed. I understood their would be families at the resort but was not prepared for the multitude of kids all over the place. Children were running rampant in the restaurants with their parents oblivious to the noise the kids were creating. A 2 or 3 year old girl laid on her back in the middle of the restaurant and screamed until she finally tired out and stopped. No one stopped her. When I asked the hostess why they allowed it she looked at me sheepishly and said when we speak to the parents they get insulted and raise a fuss. After Dinner the Lobby Bar had entertainment. After one song the Singer brought up 3 cute little girls to sing and dance with her. This went on for the rest of the show. A little cute goes a long way.We had dinner in Avocado the first evening. They bring you your steak cooked to order but everything else is Buffet. And Buffet food it was. Dry Vegetables, uninspired cooking. Paper napkins. The waiter asked me to hold my fork as he removed my salad dish as I would need the fork for the entree. We are 5 Star but please hold on to your only fork. As there was no Break Plate my only option was to hold on to the fork or to place it on the table. At least it gave me time to not pay attention to the Romper Room going on around me.Dinner on Day two was going to be at the Mirador Grill. We got to the grill but it was closed due to rain. When I checked with Royal Service I was told it was moved to Toscano and I should have been informend. I eventually found out that they had left a message for me but the light on the phone was not working.... 5 Star. The room was acceptable but by no means was it luxurious. The Jacuzzi was in fact a single jacuzzi tub that you would have in your home bathroom. I was very suprised by it as I expected it to be more of a two person Hot Tub. For some reason sitting in a single bathtub was not what i was envisioning when I booked the suite. I brought 5 movies that I had wanted to see for the past year but never could find time for and was told that the hotel could not provide a DVD player as it violated the contract with their in room Movie providor. The in room moview were $20.99 each and they were not the ones I wanted to see. I brought my favorite CD's to listen to but was told the they could not provide a CD player. As most hotels have CD players as part of the radio it never occured to me to bring my own. 5 Star. Royal Sevice Check in was a lengthy process and my room was not ready until 45 minutes after arriving. At 4pm when I did get my room key the housekeeper was still in the room cleaning. I waited on the Balcony for 15 minutes while she finished.I thought the staff was very very friendly and listened sympathically to my requests for a DVD or CD player. I even asked the one Royal Service person if someone could buy a TV and DVD player at a local store and I would pay for it but they never got back to me. The Assistant Front Office Manager Omeira was wonderful and very accomodating. After two days at the Resort I checked out and checked into Las Casitas Village at the El Conquistador Hotel. It was beautiful, Serivce was incredible, Food was delicious, my Casitia overlooked the Sea and the Balcony was huge. If you have children Paradisus is a perfect place for your family. Lots of food, and very kid friendly. If you want a quiet weeks vacation go somewhere else. The royal service pool was the only place that was kid free. I heard that Romatico restaurant was kid free but never had the oppurtuninty to try it.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe all the negative reviews My wife and I spent a wonderful relaxing vacation there. The grounds were absolutelybeautiful and very well maitained. We stayed in a suite that was very spacious and comfortable with an ocean view. I will admit we were upgraded to the royal servicewhich entitles you to private pool and fantastic check in lounge/office.If you are planning a trip there I would suggest you start calling well in advance to seeabout upgrades, and ALWAYS talk to the same person.The food in the resturants was fair and the service was very good.If you are looking for a gastronomic adventure like Las Vegas or white sugar beachesas in Cancun you might be a little dissapointed, but neither one of those things bothered us.I would recomend this place to a friend. Just remember there are some people in thisworld that you just can't please.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QueenBee22
<Content>Perfect family vacation       View of ocean from our balcony  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>has its ups and its downs My husband and I chose the Paradisus for our honeymoon. We stayed in a oceanfront royal suite. The resort was very beautiful but the food was not the greatest.After 6 days if I never se another buffet I will be very happy. Whatever you do do NOT go on thebeacha ndbring your bug repellent- the sand fleas ate us aive. Make sure you reserve a parador hut around the pool - it is heaven. Royal Service is nice, but the check in took an hour and the response time to pick up our bags at check out was horendous. Rooms are gorgeous though! And staff is very nice. Best restaurants are Romantico and Bamboo by far. I would definitely recommend taking the tour tothe rainforest and San Juan. Tour Guide - Jose - is fantastic. And Manual - at Royal Service Pool was the best bartender in the resort!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>happy_traveler10
<Content>Loved the Paradisus We just returned from a long weekend at the Paradisus, Puerto Rico and had a wonderful experience. I had already booked the hotel before I read the reviews on TripAdvisor. There were several bad reviews that had me concerned but my concerns disappeared quickly once I arrived. We were there for 4 nights over the Memorial Day weekend and had excellent service. The pool was fantastic! The drinks were very good and easy to obtain! The food was good (typical for an all-inclusive)! Our rooms were very nice and clean! It was only my boyfriend and I and we had a great time but there were also a lot of families there that seemed to be enjoying themselves as well. We booked our dinner reservations immediately upon arrival and had no problem getting what we wanted. We did get a good rate thru an on-line deal of approx. $300 per night and we more than got our daily allowance out of the deal. Highly recommend this hotel and would definitely return to this exact same facility! Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FoodieGal
<Content>Paradisus Properties Hi travelers...I am so glad to hear about the Paradisus Puerto Rico. Since you mentioned you are planning to go to the Paradisus Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, I thought I'd let you know you will be super happy!I've been to Paradisus Punta Cana, and last January to Paradusis Palma Real - both Punta Cana area. My husband and I never want to leave. You can check out my reviews in the Punta Cana forum.Meanwhile, we're headed for Puerto Rico the first of July. We're staying at a condo, visiting family, but I sure wish it was Paradisus I was headed for!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort I returned from Puerto Rico on May 24, 2006. The resort is definitely beautiful. I had no problems with checking in or getting a reservation for the restaurants. The food was very good in the five restaurants where we dined. We never had to wait for a table or very long for our food.The staff was very friendly and helpful. I suggest that individuals who want to just get away and relax go to this resort. It is very peaceful. The only thing that I think they can improve on is the night life. I took my son there for his graduation present. There wasn't very much for him to do at night. There was little or no entertainment and he was bored at night. We did go on two tours which were very good.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BrownieSI
<Content>It really wasn't bad! After reading all the negative reviews, I started to wonder if my husband  I had made the right choice. Thankfully, we did! The Paradisus is a beautiful, relaxing place to vacation. My husband  I took the Royal Service plan  were taken care of the minute we stepped off the shuttle. They made all of our dinner reservations at each restaurant, our butler prepared our jacuzzi every night  we got a 2 for 1 couples massage at the spa (which was wonderful by the way). The Royal Service pool was beautiful. No one under 18 was allowed, so it was quite peaceful (we left our kids at home for this trip, so it was bliss). My only complaint is that the darn pool bar closes at 5pm!! Way too early if the sun hasn't even gone down yet  people are still out relaxing. Manuel  Brad made some mean drinks  were very accomodating. We had an ocean front room which was gorgeous with nice marble floors, stunning views  a huge bathroom. The resort doesn't have mcuh of a beach (very rocky  still being developed); but they make up for it with their large pools. The casino was fun, the food was more than edible (Bamboo, Romantico, Avocado, Toscano, Caribeno); we always found something good to eat. It's an all-inclusive resort, food is always average or above average at all-inclusives.Bottom line is, if you want a beautiful place to visit, relax  get pampered, this is a nice choice. The staff is very friendly  eager to please. I would definitely go back in the future.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoRockstar
<Content>Greatest Vacation EVER. I was our first time in Puerto Rico and I'm glad we didn't stay in San Juan. The paradisus is in Rio Grande about 30 mins away from san juan. We rented a car at the hotel the last 2or 3 days we were there and went into san juan. It was easy to find and a nice day trip there is a town called Fajardo where you will find Luquillo beach and the 7seas beach, absolutely awsome and only about 15mins from the Paradisus. If you want to hike 5 mins to the El Yunke Rainforst, great hiking trails. The nice thing is that you don't need to leave the hotel. There is entertainment, food, pool, beach, activities, snorkeling, wind surfing all for FREE. It was one of the BEST vacations we've been on. We like to travel, but if you want a relaxing get away, THIS is it. They take care of everything, anything you want. Its a beautiful hotel, newer facilites, it has a fitness center. there is abundance of anything you want any time you want. All you have to do is ask. The staff is SO awsome everyone there rocks especially Santos and Alex the activies guys. They have entertainment at night and an AWSOME pool. If you enjoy snorkeling (like we do) they will take you out away from the shore and drop you off in this BEAUTIFUL sea of fish and coral and starfish and sting rays and squid its so cool. We saw a sea turtle during one of our windsurfing rides. The best part is, you can go over and over again. They don't mind, really. The food is unbelieveable. 5 Star quality. Their one restaurant Bamboo is like Bennihana the Japanese food place Oh man, I could go on and on with how awsome this vacation was. The bathrooms are really nice and the rooms and room service is worth it! If you are willing to pay for it let me tell you this is the place for it! We don't have kids, but I imagine that if you are a family with kids and you need a vacation, this is the place to go. They babysitt and have activities for the kids while you relax and swim up to the pool bar for another drink. This place makes you feel like you are the king of your domain. - The staff, from the cart drivers, to the front desk, to the bartenders and activities people are too much for me to put into words. I would recomend the Paradisus to anyone and everyone.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Even with a few minor issues, we loved it! Like many others, after reading the negative reviews, I thought we were about to waste a whole lot of money and time on this resort, but not the case! I am 7 months pregnant and my husband and I wanted to take a last relaxing trip before I couldn't fly anymore and the Paradisius was a perfect spot for it. First, for anyone who's been pregnant, you can appreciate how important it is to have access to food at any time of day. And the huge pool provided plenty of exercise just swimming from one side to the other. It seems like all of the other reviews during the time we were there were all positive, and I think the main reason was because the resort was empty! The pool chairs and awesome little Bali huts were easy to get at any time during the day, check-in/out was a breeze, restaurants were fairly empty, and there were few enough people that we kept seeing the same people and met some very nice couples. I HIGHLY recommend going in off season and trying to hit a time where there are no conventions there - we were very aware of how different it would have been if there ware large and rowdy groups there. Even when people came in for the weekend, it started to get a bit more crowded and less peaceful (we stayed from Sun-Thurs, which was perfect).There were many families with small children and I was surprised at how well suited it seemed to be to them too.Food: We loved breakfast and lunch at the Carabeno and didn't bother going anywhere else. Great healthy salad bar and fruit options. If you don't like healthy food though, you probably won't be as happy - hot food wasn't all that good. But because it was so damn hot out, we loved all the fresh fruit and vegetable options. As for dinner, they can definitely use some help with the reservation service. The process is just screwy, but we were satisfied with all of our meals. And actually started asking for 9-9:30 reservations as it gave us plenty of time to nap/relax after the pool. We avoided the Mirador buffet as it didn't look all that appetizing.We did have an issue with the Concierge making some reservations for us, but turns out they were un/mis-informed so we weren't able to get to Vieques, which was our goal. They were supposed to send us to the Tour Desk to make any reservations (which we didn't even know existed). So just make sure to double-check plans and reservations and make sure you're working with the right people.All in all, we had a wonderful, relaxing stay, found the grounds and the rooms extremely comfortable and elegant (the lobby area is to die for), and the staff friendly, if occasionally underinformed. Provided you're not going when the place is packed, we would highly recommend the Paradisius.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice grounds, high price includes Bed Bugs! This was easily the most expensive hotel I've ever stayed at, but I figured I would pamper myself for a few days. My vacation started off great. I thought this place was incredible. Compared to the Caribe Hilton, Paradisus was paradise. The grounds were beautifully maintained, gorgeous landscaping, huge pool, secluded beach (although no swimming or snorkling because of shallow rocky waters), nice rooms, friendly staff, nice bars and entertainment, and great plantation like relaxation areas. The food varied - breakfasts and lunches at Mirador were OK. Decent selection, certainly edible. The birds flying around the food and eating off people's plates when they got up to get drinks was a little gross, but tolerable. I ate dinner two nights at Avocado and one at Toscano. I was impressed. It was much better than I expected based on the reviews I read. I thought I was in heaven.However, I woke up after my second night with three dozen welts covering my arms and legs. I did not recall receiving one bug bite when I was awake. I remembered reading that bed bugs are an increasingly common problem. After a little internet research, I found out that the bites fit the classic pattern of bed bugs. When I complained to management, they sent a maid to the room who spent 30 seconds scanning the bed in the middle of the day and concluded that there were no bed bugs. I have NO DOUBT these were bed bug bites. What had been a great vacation was ruined! I felt extremely self conscious going out to the pool area covered in itchy welts which still, one week later, have not gone away. Try sleeping knowing that there are blood sucking bugs waiting to come out! I know these things can happen in even the poshest hotels. That's fine. What bothered me was management's response. They completely blew me off, did not apologize whatsoever, and refused to even refund a single dollar. When you are spending hundreds of dollars a night to be in paradise, you expect to be treated better!Paradisus was OK, but not worth the $. If you go, bring some potent bug spray and long sleeve sleeping attire.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful.... We stayed with our 2 children for the second time in this beautiful hotel and I have to say that a lot of good improvements have been made since our last stay in 2005. This hotel went through a very nice change and in general my family and the kids really had a great time there. There is a lot of variety of good food available and we always got our reservations for the restaurants except that we needed flexibility on times since the restaurants where heavily booked during dinner from 7 to 9 PM.The hotel is very nicely located on one side a golf course and on the other the Caribbean sea and if you look for relaxation this is the place. Entertainment is decent and not to aggressive. The rooms are very nicely appointed and well spaced so when there was rain it was a pleasure to hang out with our children. They have Nintendo games in every room. Puerto Rico is a wonderful island and in combination with the hotel Paradisus an unforgettable experience.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just enjoy the resort!!!! When I started reading the reviews in the Site I got very nervous thinking that I was bringing my family to a horrible place. VERY FAR FROM IT!!! My family and I had a wonderful time here at the resort!!!At the beginning of the our stay we where amazed at the beautiful surroundings. This resort is what I call Luxurious -comfort. Although it looks very upscale it's inviting to relax in the lobby and enjoy cocktail in one of the sofas. During the evening time the ambience changes completely to candle lit paradise!!! It was beautiful...During the day my husband and I took our two children (7  11) to the Kids Club which is included in the price (GREAT!!! Tired of paying at other resorts). We went out to relax by the pool while overlooking all the kids in a nearby area playing games. We had a blast!!! Food which was the main concern wasn't the problem. We went to Bamboo and the chef did everything in front of you with a show. Great asian fussion!!! Also in Toscano the pasta selections where good and hot. Romantico I went with my husband and had the surf and turf!!! Excellent service and food!!! Plus room service is included and the kids could eat at any time...Needless to say, I think people should go there and ENJOY the resort. If you go with a misconception or predisposition of having a bad time, and you can't look beyond that, believe me... you will have a bad time. It's fun and family oriented... an experience and having a good time it's a matter of ATTITUDE!!! My family and I are planning to return over the Holidays!!!Lewis Family - New York  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lexiuncc
<Content>Go somewhere else Everyone is right...the grounds, the rooms, the lobby...the welcome...Nice as can be....And that is where is where it stops. If you LOVE buffet- eat here. I have never been to an all inclusive that serves it for both breakfast and lunch! AND they are cold!!!! I was going to orginally write that the Mirador was the best place for breakfast because of the omelet station....the only one around. BUT there was HAIR in my omelette! EWWWW Then when I asked the gentleman to kindly remove my plate because it had hair in it (three pieces) he says, OK, and smiles! WHAT!!! Anyway, that along with the gentleman who had a bird defecate on him, and then to top it all off I had to pay 15 for a raft rental...this is no five star. I have been to the best, and this is not it. I will say the dinners at both ROmantico and Bamboo where phenominal.Some other items:Spa manicure- 48.00, the pedicure-98.00 and this is just the standard. (Bring over 250.00 if you and your loved one want to go!)Toscano- Is a buffett even though you have to make reservations. And by the way...their idea of Northern Italian is pizza! YUCKThey will not let you slide on the 12 noon checkout. We tried because they were at low occupancy, but they said that they needed OUR room right away. I stayed in a standard room folks. They charge you for room service. 3/per deliveryCall ahead on the last day you are there for your bags, as they never picked up ours. BIG ONE!!! No activities at all! If you have been to Sandals and loved it you will hate it here.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LadyM600
<Content>Believe everything you read!!! Just came back tonight from a 5 night mother daughter (aged 24) getaway. While we had a nice time, this resort has the potential to be so much more.Unlike some of the other reviews, we had no trouble checking in. After check-in, we attempted to make dinner reservations. Like all the other reviews, we were told all the special restaurants were booked except for 9:45. We were forced to eat in Toscano the first night (chain food Italian at best) and Caribeno the second night...another average buffet. My daughter befreinded some staff and somehow, we were able to get reservations for the other nights. The Bamboo was good if you like Benihana type food. Romantico, the restaurant that is supposed to be the best, was anything but. Service was fair and food to match. We really did enjoy Avocado. We both had different type steaks that were cooked to our order. Also, if you are a dieter there are problems. Breakfast is fine, lunch is sometimes passable, but NOTIHING for dinner that is remotely weight watcher friendly.The hotel was overbooked for the weekend (others were bumped but not us). We did not have any trouble getting drinks at any of the bars.There are pleny of lounges at the pool. My daughter enjoyed the dance lessons every day but I felt there could have been more activities. The beach in absolutely disgusting. If you are going to the resort to lay on a beach this is not the place.Nightlife stinks!! The shows on Thurs.,Fri.,and Sat night were okay. Sunday and Monday night offered nothing other than a singer in the lobby and kareoke in the smoke filled pub.Most people were just walking back and forth looking for something to do.On a positive note, the rooms are spacious and very clean. Also, most of the staff are extremely friendly and try to be helpful.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bjm1271
<Content>Nice place but don't recommend The place is beautiful. The pool is great. Most of the workers are friendly. The beach is all rocks  shells. Did take a nice walk saw some fish, crabs, etc....The casino is decent.The food is horrible. Some of the food was unidentifiable / inedible. The restuarant reservation system is puzzling. Restuarants were always half empty but could never get a table. Room service was a joke. It took 90 minutes for a BLT w/ 1 piece of bacon and a cheese quesadilla that had 1 slice of cheese melted in it.Would not go back.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Buyer beware I've stayed at numerous resorts with my family (wife and two kids) in Caribbean locations and have never felt the need to write a review on a resort. I read reviews on the Paradisus prior to going in April and was alarmed at some of the comments. I did my best to put them aside and hoped for the best. Having just returned back, I must say that I felt a sense of disappointment and that many of the comments were accurate. The facility is beautiful. It is clean, well kept up and I would consider it to be top notch. They have beautiful restaurants, a great huge pool, a fantastic gym and spa, etc. Now to the important stuff. When I first arrived, I wasn't used to waiting 15 minutes on a line waiting to check in. The check-in and check-out lines are all one and are short staffed. You have to wait on the same line to ask simple questions as well.My biggest complaints are with getting restaurant reservations and the quality of the food. Regarding reservations, they are hard to come by at the three a-la-cart restaurants. You have to constantly complain to management in order to get a seating. Their best restaurant, Bamboo, was initially offered to us on our last night at 9:45pm, much too late for kids. For the remaining three nights, it was suggested that we try one of the three buffet-style restaurants. We would never have chosen the resort if told this in advance of booking the trip. The core of the problem lies with them being the only all-inclusive restaurant on the island. Waiters, bartenders, etc. do not want to work there because they can make more income at resorts where tipping is allowed. This causes a shortage of staff and results in a limited numbers of seatings per hour. We were quite surprised to see the restaurant half full when told they were solidly booked. However, they can't accommodate all of the resort's guests in these three restaurants.As far as the buffet-styled restaurants are concerned, the food was mediocre at best. It tasted as if it was prepared much earlier in the day and sat in warming trays for hours. It didn't taste fresh and I had situations where portions were hot and the rest at room temperature. The a la cart restaurants were between 3 and 4 stars (good for an all-inclusive resort) and the buffet-styled restaurants were two stars -- at best. I would also say that the Paridisus doesn't have the most family friendly environment. Daily, there seemed to be very lively crew who took over the pool's volleyball section and were quite loud, cursing, smoking and spilling drinks into the pool -- not to mention under the influence before noon.I would not recommend this resort to anyone. The only way it will survive is to change the management team, no longer be an all-inclusive, change the food quality, and change the name in order to develop a better reputation.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>STEVENSNY
<Content>Spectular Place! My girlfriend and I had a couple of days off and decided to take a quick trip to P.R. and selected Paradisus. I am a travel agent and had not visited this property before, so I will make this review quick and from a professional standpoint to help other travelers. The resort is beautiful, very lush and scenic. The staff very helpful but at times some appear to be understanding English and agreeing, but have no idea what you asked for. So, make sure you are understood before walking away. Take a cab from the airport... only $64 (opposed to resorts $60 bus charge), and cabs are plentiful. We got there about an hour or so before check-in at 3pm and were told it would cost $75 add'l PER person for early check-in which was ridiculous! The resort was very empty and that was uncalled for, so we opted to walk the grounds, which were amongst the most beautiful anywhere in P.R.Being that it was fairly empty, in our two days we ran across only two other couples along the vast beach and there were less than a dozen people in any of the lounges, etc. Now, the place can accommodate tons of people, and I don't know if we would have had such a great time if it was jampacked, but we truly felt it was our own resort. ALL of the staff was very friendly and helpful. FOOD: I love to eat, but also realize that inclusives usually consist of buffets which are mediocre. The food here was no exception. Not a great selection and 1/2 of it non-descript food which I couldnt even guess what it was! So, you're not going to get deluxe dining here. ROOMSERVICE ... Not matter how slow you talk or how you THINK you gave the order, three of 3 times roomservice screwed up the orders. They always made good on it within 15-20 minutes. Long story shortened: If you are looking for a truly beautiful place with attentive service, friendly faces and total relaxation, Paradisus is wonderful. If you are into a culinary trip, this is not your place. I also didn't see too much around the resort except for some BBQ roadside places, so I would venture that compared to those, the food at this resort is better and safer! We did have a fabulous time and I would go back in a flash.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Steer Clear! The grounds are the best thing going for Paradisus... the pool is nice, the lobby gets you psyched when you arrive. Then the service (or lack thereof) begins!Check-in took forever and no one bothers to offer you a drink. You wait 15 minutes after that to get a ride to your room. The room was nice, but the floors were FILTHY! You had to wash the bottom of your feet if you walked barefoot.The food was THE WORST! The buffets had old, overcooked food in sternos... burgers and hotdogs and cold cuts... did I need to travel to PR for that? I could've stayed here and gone to the local diner! The restaurants were AWFUL... 45 minutes to get your first course and the entrees were so overdone we just didn't bother eating them. The staff apologized and said it's crowded, but half the tables were empty.Room service took 75 minutes the first day, and they forgot half the order. We went to the breakfast buffets after that... stay away from the eggs and raw bacon.On the rare occasion when they actually had some Latin food choices, it was better. Why would you open a resort in PR and make the restaurants French, American and Japanese? If you want that stuff, stay home! The place was unequipped for the rain... the walkways flooded and you could hardly move around. Rather than sweeping the water off the floors and paths, they just put up Caution signs.For the money we doled out, this place should be ashamed of themselves... Never again!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danadonnie
<Content>Paradisus - Don't even waste your money My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon were we stayed at the Puerto Rico Paradisus. I wish I went with my first choice and went to Aruba. I cannot believe what a horror this place is. To start with, I booked my honeymoon with a travel agent back in October 2005 and my travel agent received a phone call from the Paradisus the day of our wedding (April 21, 2006) stating that they overbooked the hotel and that we would be put up at the Westin but our stay would be covered by the Paradisus. We were scheduled to arrive at the Paradisus on April 23, 2006 and stay until May 3, 2006. Once we landed we had to find our transportation to the Westin which was a disaster. We were sent to 3 different buses. Finally we arrived at the Westin and had to waste 3 hours trying to get our all inclusive status taken care of. NOthing was in the computer so Westin had to keep calling the Paradisus to get it straigtened out. We were only suppose to stay at the Westin for 1 night. Well the next day I call to confirm our transfer to the Paradisus and they say everything is okay. We go to the pull and go back up to our room only to have a message waiting for us stating that the Paradisus had us booked to arrive the next day. So again I had to waste another 3 hours getting that straigtened out.We finally arrive at the Paradisus only to have more screw ups. We were promised a room upgrade, never got it. We were put in a room that smelled like mildew so again had to be transferred to another room. The reservation manager, Wanda Rivera, how was suppose to assist us on everything, never returned my calls and when we went to the front desk to speak with her directly, never came out of her office. I wasted 4 days of my honeymoon just trying to get everything straightened out.On top of all of this, they had 4 conventions going on so that bar was completely swamped all the time. It took at least 20 minutes to get a drink. Because of the conventions we could get dinner reservations early then 9:45 p.m. The food was disgusting and the service was horrible. You would sit down to eat it would take a waiter at least 20 minutes to take you drink order and then it would take them another 10 minutes to bring it to you. I think the food was horrible because of the conventions. I really wish I knew that the conventions were going on because when asked if I would like to stay at the WEstin for the remainder of my trip I would have said yes.I can go on and on about the negative aspects about the Paradisus but there' s not enough room. Please save your money and go somewhere else. This place is horrible. Spend the extra money and stay at the Westin. They were hospitable, the service was fantastic and even sent us a bottle of champaigne for all of the confusion which is more than I can say for the Paradisus.I am sending a letter to the owner of the Sol-Meil Paradisus and if I do not receive a response, I will be sending a letter to Consumer Affairs. Traveler beware!!!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Objective review from a native I live in Puerto Rico, and spent an overnight stay at the Paradisus. I can honestly say that this is NOT a 5-star resort. It closely resembles a 2.5-star at the moment, especially with the prices they are charging.Check-in: 0 starsThe easiest way to screw up anyone's vacation is at the beginning. The front desk is highly disorganized. The way they handle guests is more like a Burger King. We waited six hours for our room. There were guests that actually screamed at the front desk people, that's how desperate it was.Rooms: 5 starsThe best I have seen in the island. Big, beautiful, well kept. Most of the stars I give in the review come from the rooms.Beach: 2 starsDon't go in the water and you'll be fine. Too many rocks, seaweed.Pool: 3 starsBeautiful shape, too much chlorine. Mats under the huts need serious cleaning, put towels on top before you lay down.Food: 2 starsBuffets for breakfast and lunch are decent, as expected, with breakfast coming up on top. However, the big disappointment was dinner at Avocado. My NY steak looked awful, although it tasted like something from Ponderosa. Presentation was horrible. Waitresses always looked like they didn't care.Entertainment: N/AI can't comment since I didn't participate, but my friends tell me it was OK until 2AM. With enough alcohol, anything is fun.To sum up: I would never pay to go to this hotel again, not until they improve front desk help and dinner/service. Try ANY other Puerto Rico hotel or small inn, and I guarantee you'll come out satisfied. Sad but true ...  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ForestHillsNewYork
<Content>NOT WORTH THE MONEY If it had not been because we arrived at 3am and were staying for only 3 days we would have checked out the following day. The service and food were awful. We spoke with one of the waiters,who has been an employee since it opened, and he agreed with our opinion. The waiter also shared that there have been similar complaints from other guests the past few months.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful hotel, very understaffed i stayed at paradisus puerto rico from april 8 to april 14. this is a beautiful hotel, spotless, and grounds are spactacular. the food is okay, if you go to the good restaurants. DO NOT go to the italian restaurant it is def not the best italian food. it tasted like it was microwaved the onyl things good were the desserts. And caribeno, i didnt even eat there, it looked grose. THe food at romantico was excellent and also at Bamboo (Benihana/hibatchi)was good (how bad could it be, they cook in front of you). also the steak at avocado wasnt bad either. For breakfast all the restaurants basically serve the same things (dont eat the eggs they are horrible) all of the breakfasts are buffet. The mirador grill is not the best its really for youger kids(they basically only hav chicken nuggets and french fries, pizza, rice, chips, and salad and other foods, sometimes BBQ chicken). But for dinner one night they servd good food, they had shrimp, steak, chicken, fish, and lots of side dishes. surprisingly this restaurant was good for dinner. The Hotel itself.. The hotel was beautiful, everythign is marble, the lobby, the bars, the lounge, and the bathrooms in your room and in the lobby. The rooms are nice. you can get it with a king bed or 2 double beds and either room you choose, you get a living room with a coffe table, and a pullout couch. also they give u a table with two chairs with a coffee machine, and give you coffee bags and creamer...)the only reason i knwo they hav 2 different rooms is that we were given a room with 1 king bed and we are 5 people. so we called n they kmoved us to the other room. at the time it ws very annoying since we got there at 1am n had to switch rooms. we had also brought 2 laptops and they have an internet port under the desk by the fone. we had forgot ot bring out cord but one of the people who brought our bags (his name is Angelo) gave us a free one he had(usually you have to pay $15dollars to buy 1). When you hook up the interent it says you will be charged $15 dollars a day but, you dont it was free, also they have wireless interent in the lobby)The pool is huge,literrally it is about 4 times the size of an olympic size pool. plus it has a swim up bar, in pool lounge chairs, a kiddy pool, and basketball hoops. they also have kids activites an water aerobics in the pool some days. Also GOOO sailing, you have to make a reservation though) it is really funespecilal y when you feel like your about to flip over(dont worry, you wont) also they kayaking and petalboats to use.But for all this there is a consequence... (its not Cheap we paid $11,000 including airfare this was for 5ppl. ( 2 adults, a 14yo, a 12yo, and a 9yo.) Also it will cost you abotu 250-500 dollars in tips to get what you want. THey say that the restaurants are booked when they arent. we went to the iitalian resaurant at 800, we had reservatiosn for 630 and they said ti was too late, meanwhile there were abotu 13 tables (seriously). but when we slipped him a 20 oo suddenly thers a table!!!! it was redicuouls about the reservations. HELLO its a an ALL-INCLUSIVE. it should be first come first serve basis. Whoever doesnt make it should go to the next restaurant. also at the mirador grill they take about 20 min 2 seat you and when they do they sit oyu all the way on the other side when the food is right there, also there is abotu 20 tables near the food. Dont wait on line just go find a table its a waste of time. Overall this was a fun vacation but there are many things that could hav been done to make our stay better, but it was a great family vacation to Puerto Rico!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rebeccag52576
<Content>Nightmare Would love to be able to write an informative review, but all I can say is be forewarned....My two best girlfriends and I had an ALL INCLUSIVE vacation scheduled for the PARADISUS... however we found out that was all about to change....thank god for the Rio Mar. At 5:07pm Thursday April 20th a message was left on my answering machine, from Apple vacations stating the PARADISUS had over booked and we were being moved to the RIO MAR. It stated that if I had any questions, I could call my travel agent... I was irate.Knowing nothing about the RIo Mar, and being that I was on my way to the airport, I hunted my poor travel agent down on his cell phone. He did all he could, but the Paradisus had screwed up so badly that there was nothing he could do. We had paid for an all inclusive vacation and that was what we wanted... not even knowing anything about the Rio Mar.We arrived at the San Juan airport to be greated by someone from the Paradisus... making all sorts of empty promises, that EVERYTHING would be included and not to worry about a thing. The Rio Mar was gorgeous, they had a beaultiful beach, which by the way, the Paradisus does not. The staff was incredible and tried to accomodate us as much as possible.... There were a least 100 people in our situation... all greeted with 4 drink coupons a day and named the 2 restaurants we could eat at per meal... A FAR CRY FROM ALL INCLUSIVE. Regardless, I loved the Rio Mar, would stay there again in a heart beat... my adivise, pay for your meals, drinks and everything else, and stay here!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not 5 star! If your looking for customer service...go to The Ritz! When we checked in we were told that the room that we had already paid for was not available, that they would down grade us...who does that? We had no choice. The nicer  restaurants needed reservations, but there were not any available. We had to eat buffet the entire time that we were there. We are fighting to get our credit for the down grade back, there doesn't seem to be anyone to help, or care for that matter. At this point it is about principle rather then the money. If you are going to Puerto Rico, seriously, go to the Ritz or to El Conquisidor.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WORST SERVICE EVER!!! I have never experienced anything like this. Only one restaurant was open. There were two waiters for the entire restaurant. People were bussing their own tables and getting their own drinks from behind the bar. Check-in was a nightmare and took close to two hours. You could not make dinner reservations at the 2 restaurants open for dinner unless you paid for Royal Service. The management sucked. DO NOT GO HERE! YOU WILL HAVE BETTER FOOD AND SERVICE AT A HOWARD JOHNSON OR HOLIDAY INN.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Rick'n'roll
<Content>Paradisus is a great place, don't believe all the negative reviews               More photos  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LauraPh
<Content>Loved every minute of it This was our annual springbreak vacation for me and my teenage daughter. It was everything we wanted. This was our first experience at an all-inclusive resort, so I have nothing to compare it to. I read all the reviews before we went and decided to go anyway. It was unfortunate that many people had bad experiences, but they provided us with the information we needed to make sure we did not have the same problems.One thing I think that helped was the timing of our trip. We arrived the Saturday before Easter Sunday so there were no conventions. It was all families. A couple of conventions came Thursday, but we were not bothered (although I heard that many others had their reservations changed to accomdate the convention and were very upset).Here is the breakdown of our experience:Arrival: The shuttle was waiting for us when we arrived and the driver loaded the bags. It is supposed to leave every hour on the hour, but apparently we were the only two so it left at 20 minutes after the hour. We were offered refreshments. It was a long drive, but we just sat back and enjoyed the scenery.Check-in: our bags were unloaded and we headed to the check-in. (We got to the resort at 12:20 - the official check-in is at 3:00). We waited about 10 minutes in line to check-in. The process was quick and painless and the clerk was friendly and happy to answer questions. We were told our room would not be ready until 3:00, but were shown to the hospitality room where we could change into our swim suits. We were provided with the resort wristband and told to enjoy the facilities. Our luggage was held up front for us. At 3:00 we checked to make sure our room keys were activated, grabbed our lugguage and took the trolley to our room. (we learned from previous reviews that luggage takes awhile to get to the room so we took it ourselves - no problem).Grounds: Beautiful. The palm trees, various flowers and the buildings were all beautiful. Even though our room was in the last building we walked to the pool daily just to take in the sights.Pool: Extraordinary! Even thought the resort was apparently booked full, we did not ever feel crowded in the pool. On the first day we chose two chairs with an umbrella direclty across from the pool bar. We sat there everyday! The poolside chairs and cabanas do get snatched up early. However, we are early risers so everyday we got up, got our stuff together, walked down to the pool, put our stuff on our chairs and went to eat. We were usually done with breakfast by 7:00. We never wanted a cabana (we were there for tans!) but, I think the cabana people get up at 3:00AM to out their stuff out! My daughter and I practically had the the pool to ourselves until 10:00 most mornings. Our one complaint about the pool area is that the pool bathrooms were disgusting most of the day. Yes, there should be more staff to clean, etc., but the other guests caused the mess. It is hard to believe that people pay to stay at a beautiful resort like this and leave the bathrooms the way they do. I will not provide details, but by the end of the day the bathrooms smelled like an outhouse. Poolside activities: there is an activity hut by the pool. They play fun music all day. It is probably loud if you sit near that area, we couldn't hear it where we sat so we were able to relax. We played water volleyball and basketball, participated in the daily dance lessons, water aerobics, bingo, and pingpong. My daugher played beach voleyball. There was a ton more to do. The staff at the activity hut is amazing! Upbeat and energetic ALL the time. The dance lessons were surperb! Bars: all bars were great with excellent service. Liquor was top notch and they were not stingy. They knew how to make all types of drinks.Food: Breakfast and lunch were always buffet. Mirador and Caribeno were usually open at the same time although Caribeno was closed for a couple of days during the week. Caribeno is the place to eat breakfast and lunch if you have the choice. The breakfast is hotter and the fresh fruit selection is outstanding. Lunch always has an amazing salad bar. Service is fantastic. Mirador is so-so, food is not hot, there are birds flying around and service is lacking. The ONLY non-friendly person we found at the whole resort was the hostess at the Mirador.We had no problems at all getting reservations at all thesit-down restaurants. We went to the concierge the day we checked in. All of our meals were amazing at Bamboo, Avocado and Romantico. Reservations are also needed for the buffets at night. Maridor did surprise us with their evening meal and show... it was great. surprisingly, our least favorite was the Italian buffet at Tuscano. Service was good, but food was bland and oily.Rooms: really nice and cool. The maids did a great job everyday.Beach/Watersports: we went kayaking and paddle boating. It was fanatastic - I nice was to truely see how beatiful the water is. The beach is not good for swimming becuase of the seawead growth and it makes the water look brown. However, the water is crystal clear and wonderful. If you take time to paddle down the beach (or walk) you will find quiet little spots with nice areas to take a dip. Even on the busiest of days there were NO people at some of the most beautiful spots on the resort.Bottom line: we loved every minute of it and did not want to leave. We were treated like queens for a week.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cmarkell
<Content>Not Quite Up To Par I was at Paradisus Puerto Rico with my wife and two children for six days beginning April 13th. The resort is beautiful, but falls short in many ways. Immediately after check-in, we went to make our reservations at the restaurants. We were told all the full service restaurants were booked for the rest of the week and could only eat in the buffet style restaurants. What a way to start the vacation having to argue with this person and demand to see the manager. We eventually did get the bookings we wanted. What surprised me was that these fully booked restaurants were only 75% full when I was there. It became apparent that the hotel staff are instructed to push as many guests to the buffets instead of the full service restaurants. They'd rather you eat at the buffet because it costs them less. You won't find lambchops, sirloin steak or fresh fish at the buffets. You'll only find these at the full service restaurants. Additionally, just about any hot dish I had at the buffet was never hot. It sits there in a large metal tray on steaming water. This does not keep the food hot. It barely keeps it warm. The overall service from the waiters is shameful. Some try hard, but there's not enough to attend to the guests. I had to wait 30 minutes to get a cup of tea... 20 minutes to order a second drink. Need a spoon, forget about it... help yourself if you can. Overall, the place is beautiful, has plenty of activities, but the food situation, and overall service is hit or miss. One day my room was not even cleaned by the maid. Even after calling the front desk, nobody was sent. At 10pm after going to the front desk, someone was sent. They compensated us with a free massage. In speaking with other guests, I heard many similar complaints. I did enjoy my stay at the Paradisus, but should not have to have dealt with these problems for what I paid. I will not be returning anytime soon.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THERE'S SO MUCH BETTER OUT THERE FOR THE MONEY My husband and I travel extensively thru the Caribbeanand were extremely dissatisfied with the Paradisus.The surroundings were lovely, the best bar I've ever experienced, but everything else about it was below average. We fortunately had an upgrade to their VIP service which is the only thing that made the stay tollerable. If you must go definately go for the VIP treatment. Also, beware of the food. The buffets were reminiscent of highschool cafeteria and there were no reservations for the sit down restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort, service not so nice Just spent the week at Puerto Rico Paradisus Resort.Reserved an ocean front room 6 months in advance and was told at the check in desk that none would be available for the next too weeks. Instead of an apology or upgrade, we were downgraded to a garden villa that had a veiw of the back fence and mud pit. Had to call my travel agent at the front desk to get the correct reimbursement for the difference in price, they wanted to give me 25 dollars a night when I paid 125 extra a night - which I hope get soon. Our rooms were not cleaned on two days because the service did not get there till 5pm and we were showering for dinner. Room service trays were left in the hallway for days. You had to wait to be seated for meals which although is a nice touch - it creates lines and you did not get a fork unless you were seated they did not have them available. Everytime you got up to get more food, they took the fork so we finally started taking our forks up with us. You also could not get orange juice or coffee unless it was served to you which meant waiting a long time at times. The resort is beautiful, the food is good, you can not really swim in the water too much seaweed and baracudas, need water shoes on the beach - lots of rocks and coral. This can be a wonderful resort with more smiles, forks, and cleared water.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort to "get away from it all"               More photos  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful...What are others thinking? I went to Paradisus with a group from work and after reading some of these reviews, I must say I was worried. After the long, traffic filled ride from the airport, we finally arrived at this beautiful resort. STAFF: The staff was very friendly and helpful. Although they were understaffed, especially at the bars :( FOOD: I thought the food was very good, many different choices. One restaurant brought our food, then let it sit there for 10 minutes next to us on a tray, only after we asked if this was our food was it served. Rooms: Ours was a little musty smelling. After we told the front desk they immediately gave us a new room which was pleasant. Very clean and nice. POOL: The pool was wonderful. What else can I say. Conclusion: If you are looking for a beautiful resort so stay in Puerto Rico, this is the place. I would absolutely go back and recomend this to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rqf
<Content>A pleasant five days REVIEW - PARADISUS PUERTO RICOI recently returned from a trip to this resort. I was at the resort from March 23 to March 27.GETTING TO/FROM THE RESORT - The hotel runs a shuttle bus from the airport to the resort and from the resort to the airport. The charge is $30 per person each way. It leaves every hour on the hour and the trip takes close to an hour. Shuttle is a modern air conditioned vehicle that can take at least 25 people. The hotel has a representative at the baggage retrieval area at the airport. The representative will escort you to the bus. He will give you a receipt and you will be told to save the receipt as it will be needed when you board the bus for the return to the airport. This system is well organized .ChecK IN - It was a relatively slow process but not because of inefficiency. People have questions and this is time consumingRESORT GROUNDS - Truly beautiful. It is, in effect, a botanical garden. On a scale of 1 to 10 this is definitely a 10.RESTAURANTS - There are six restaurants, three serve buffet style and three are sit and be served and these are open for dinner only. For these you must make a reservation and that poses a problem since there is no way the resort can accommodate all guests on a given day. I was told the three restaurants can only serve 400 people a day. For a hotel with a capacity of more than 1000 lots of people can not get reservations and that makes for a lot of unhappy campers. That issue is the source of most of the complaints made and rightfully so. FOOD - The buffets are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The buffets were adequate but not as good as the buffets you find on most cruise ships or at other hotels. The ambiance at the sit down restaurants was very good at all three but the quality of the food varied. The best was the Japanese restaurant. The other two can鈥檛 be rated much better than Fair. The service at all three was very good. POOL - The pool is large and there appears to be enough lounges for all. There are a number of huts that have thatched roofs and are open on all four sides that are available if you want to get out of the sun. Unless you get to the pool early you won鈥檛 find any vacant huts. There are about 20 of these placed around the pool. Other than the huts there is very little shade in the pool area. BEACH - This beach may be one of the worst in Puerto Rico. The beach is a narrow strip (15 to 20 feet at most) with poor quality sand and plenty of small rocks and pebbles that make walking, barefoot, painful. Further you have to go through sea grass to get out to where you can swim. I never saw more than four or five people swimming in the ocean at any given time. This is not the place to go if you want to swim in the ocean and refuse to go into a pool. They do have kayaks and paddle boats for guests. There is no charge for using this equipment. . ROOMS - The rooms are located in two story bungalows. The rooms are large, clean and well appointed. Each room has either two double beds or a king size bed. There is a sitting area with a sofa. Every room has a coffee maker and a refrigerator stocked with bottled water and cans of soda. You can get beer if requested. Each room has a terrace. A shuttle that operates all day is available to take you from your room to the lobby. There is a safe in the room and an ironing board but no ironROOM SERVICE - Room service is available 24 hours a day. There is a $3 charge each time you order from room service. I used room service once. It took 35 minutes from the time I ordered to the time it was delivered. I didn鈥檛 find that to be an excessive wait since the kitchen is located a fair distance from the rooms. SERVICE - General service was good. All those workers I can in contact with were very pleasant and it was apparent they wanted to be of service if needed. ENTERTAINMENT - There was a show every night that featured dancing. The same performers appeared every night. The shows were entertaining CONCLUSION - On the whole it was a pleasant, restful experience. I am not a finicky eater so someone more discriminating would probably take issue with the food served. I went there because the price was right. I would go back again should I get a good price.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerseygirl1976
<Content>Love the Hotel I had a long weeked away with my husband and friends. It was so nice in November, great weather. I was disappointed that the only reservation I was able to get was at 9pm. They need a better system, when we go there they were already booked for the week. What about the people just coming in? We were stuck with the buffet. Have to say Lobster and Steak at a buffet,was pretty good. Bring bug spray, little nats. All in all I did enjoy it, will go back. Spa was relaxing. I purchase with the Vacation Club, because I loved all the places I could go. Starting to plan my next Melia vacation. Night life at the hotel was OK but after being in the sun all day, I was so tired. Beach needs work, pool was great.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>orr333
<Content>Many factors to consider....overall a great place!       Pool Entrance  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>luv2go2PR
<Content>We had the best time ever We stayed at the PARADISUS-PUERTO RICO for 8 days and I absolutely loved it! I was SCARED TO DEATH to go because of the previous negative reviews, but was pleasantly surprised when all the things we feared were NO PROBLEM at all. CHECK IN was a breeze. Everyone was courteous and happy to help us. When I got to the room I asked for extra towels,pillows and even an extra coffee maker for tea,and not only did I get them, but I was CALLED BACK to MAKE SURE I got them. I accidently left the keys to my suitcase home and they sent an engineer to open it, and also called to make sure that he arrived. They couldn't do enough to make our stay the best it could be. I didn't have the ROYAL SERVICE nor did I need it. I also got a wonderful rate and did not pay anything NEAR to $600/day people write about. The value I recieved was incredible. If you want to know who I booked with E-mail me. We did research before we left and knew it was going to rain so we rented a car so we would be able to shop or travel. We did do some sight seeing and shopping and it is not neccesary to have a rental car but when you can get one for less than $30 a day, why not splurge? We use Charlies whenever we are on the island. The Concierge, DAISY, who gave out dinner reservations was warm and sincere. We ate at all 6 restaurants and enjoyed them immensly. The best were the BAMBOO(the Japanese,) the AVOCADO(the Steak house,)and the ROMANTICO(French cuisine.) The service in these 3 restaurants was impeccable. The problem with the outside buffet, THE MIRADOR was being fixed the first few days we were there. They put up netting to keep away the birds. It opened on the weekend and the views of the ocean were incredible. The other 2 buffets were average but there was always plenty to eat and the food was fresh and plentiful. A few times I complained and when I brought it to their attention that something was missing they were very anxious to know of their shortcomings and take them into consideration because what they explained was that much of the staff were new and just learning the routine. AS part of a large corporation (Sol Melia) they want this property to be just as good or even better that the rest of their properties, all over the world. I ordered room service 3 times and they arrived in less than 30 minutes. The management is really taking these reviews into consideration and trying their very hardest to improve. The grounds are exquisite and I saw them spraying to keep insects away. The beach is very beautiful despite the rocks and vegetation. We took the Catamaran ride and used the kayaks and pedal boats. The staff at the pool keeps you busy with water aerobics, stretching and salsa lessons. We sat on the grassy area in between the pool and the sand and got beautiful ocean breezes. Make sure to bring 30 plus sunscreen. I am an avid sun worshipper and even I, got burned to a crisp! The drinks were plentiful and delicious. Get out to the pool early to reserve a good seat and if you want the shaded huts I think you have to get there at sunrise. I was never able to get one until the end of the day when someone left and it was worth the wait. The shows after dinner were very enjoyable and the dancers were talented as well as beautiful and handsome. There is a singer who comes on before and after the show and then a disco that opens at around 11p. It is true that locals can come in for a fee and either stay the day, have dinner or even stay the night. The only problem with the locals is that they are cliquey and stay only with each other. The casino IS TINY but a few people we met said they won there and had a great time. I am sure if you want casino action you can go to El Conquistador or El San Juan. I was too tired after being out in the sun and water all day to worry about what I needed to do at night. I am not a golfer but I heard from a few that the golf course is OK. He said Just OK. The trolleys that take you to your room are making constant rounds. Just start to walk and soon enough one will arrive for you to flag down. The safe is the room is free of charge and the cards for the towels are no problem at all. No shortage of towels and a few times we left the safe open and nothing was missing at all. By the way, I needed milk before bed time and my finacee had no problem at all getting it in the restaurants. To me it seems that what ever you want you can get, just ask for it and they are very eager to satisfy you. Please write to me if you have any questions. I would go back there in a snap. The only set back was the beach but we went to Luqillo Beach on the day we arrived. I am not really a beach person anyway. Oh! one last thing. Although the Paradisus is beautiful, do not get the idea that The Paradisus IS Puerto Rico. There is so much to see and do in Puerto Rico. You need to go to Puerto Rico a few times(at least) to see all the beauty and culture that this magnificent Island has to offer.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>janer2008
<Content>not quite 5 star For a 5 star resort, although fairly new, the service in not up to 3 star. The wait staff were sourly and slow. Breakfast is buffet, however the waiters bring you coffee and orange juice, on their own sweet time, even when you ask for service, you don't get it. The golf course is awsome, most of the time we were the only ones on it. Try the mountain course, its beautiful, and then you don't need to go into the rain forest.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spivee
<Content>Not that Impressed I just came back from a 8 day stay at this hotel. Well 8 days is just TOO long.The rooms are nice and the bed is SO confortable but that is all the hotel has.There is no beach! Sure it's on the shoreline, but if you go to this beach... bring shoes, or else you will have lots of cuts... there is no sand only broken shells and a ton of crabs!As for the food... in the buffet there is no choice on food. Everyday it is the same food no change. However if you have the chance to go to the resturant - especially Bamboo and Romentico, the food there is very good. The filet migon is great!The spa is nice, but expensive.The casino is nice, but you get the impression that the machine are fixed.The staff - well this is hard to judge - I had no problem with them, but the group I was with complaib and thought they were rude. This is up to you.Overall, I found that I paid too much for this hotel. Everything was expensive, even the ride back to the airport! They really do take advantage of the fact that there is no other transportation other than the one the hotel provides you!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop complaining and enjoy I just returned from 4 days at the paradisus with my girlfriend and it is exactly what we wanted. We arrived to a beautiful hotel with helpful staff. I have read plenty of people complain that it took hours to have their bags delivered to their room, we were able to sidestep that problem by taking our own bags a whopping 5 minute walk to our room. The rooms were huge and fantastic with a great terrace. We heard people complain that there were not enough activities at the resort, but we wanted somehwere where we could sit by the pool and not be bothered. If you want someone to constantly entertain you, then this is not the place for you, but if you are looking to relax then it is perfect. Another complaint I have read is about the food. We had one bad meal over the course of 4 days. The reservation process is not a difficult one. Each day we went to the pool in the morning and stopped by the concierge to make a reservation for that night. If you do that there will be no problems. The only thing I would watch for is the Roulette dealers. They seemed to have a little difficulty counting the correct number of chips.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disorganized and disappointing My wife and I just returned from Puerto Rico. The company I work for flew us to the Paradisus for a corporate escape. The hotel is beautiful but unfortunately several things made the trip somewhat disappointing.1. A representative from the hotel did not meet us at the airport right away. We had to find our way to the pickup spot which was on a lower level of the airport. Unfortunately we had to carry our luggage down a set of stairs to get there. The buses took some time to arrive and when they did, several porters arranged our luggage while we were allowed to board. We were then counted and away we went.2. We arrived at the hotel around 1:30 PM. The porters unloaded our luggage in the lobby and started labelling them with the name of our company. The hotel representative told us our luggage would be transported to our rooms shortly.3. The staff greeted us nicely and wrapped an all inclusive band around our wrists. They told us our room was not ready but that they had a little snack waiting for us in the main lobby. We also had access to the bar while we waited. The first estimate they gave us was about an hour. This was bearable as our vacation was paid for by my company. However, when the hour passed their next estimate was 3:00 PM. The front desk manager told us, we are working with housekeeping to have your rooms ready but we have been running into delays due to some guests that have checked out late. This seemed somewhat reasonable since our group included about 400 people and the hotel only had 500 rooms. We kept drinking and checked back at 3PM. Still a no go and the manager was singing the same tune. My wife started to get irritated as she also works in the hotel industry. She argued with the manager that our rooms should have already been prebooked and arranged. The manager recanted her earlier statement like a script in her head. She suggested that we could use their hospitality suite to change so that we could go to the beach. She told us to go check with the concierge to find our luggage.4. We asked the concierge for our luggage. He pulled out a clipboard, found our names and told us our luggage had been transported to our room. He also told us that our room was ready.5. We went back to the front desk to get our room key. The front desk agent told us our room was still not ready and was being cleaned by housekeeping. We told her that the concierge had indicated our room was ready and that he had transported our luggage there. She replied, he has no right to tell you anything like that. I'm sorry, but your room is not ready yet. Luckily the hotel representative that had met us at the airport spotted us at the front desk - my wife was getting very frustrated. Magically, he handed us our room keys. The front desk agent looked dumbfounded.6. Happily we went to our room. When we go there, a musty smell pervaded the place. My wife used the word moldy to describe it. However, since it was 4 PM and we didn't want to wait or complain anymore, we changed and went to the beach.7. Although the manicured grounds of the hotel were beautiful and the pool well kept, the beach left something to be desired. Patches of seaweed blocked access to the waves and the sand was hard and spotty with pebbles. Also, an anonymous guest told us that they had spotted jelly fish which really turned us off. We went back to the pool to enjoy what remained of the day.8. Two restaurants offered a buffet breakfast - the Mirador Grill and the Avocado. The Grill offered scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, fruits, yogurt and several types of bread. Overall not particularly fantastic but edible. The Avocado added freshly made omelets to the array.9. Lunch and Dinner were very similar buffets at both places often repeating left overs from the previous day. The selection of sea food was excellent including shrimp, snapper, mussels, etc.10. The hotel also included plate service once per week by reservation only. The Avocado, the Mirador Grill, Romantico, etc. all had different themes. The food and the service was excellent. However, the bus staff were fairly inexperienced and had to be reminded to get water and coffee. 11. Nightly entertainment was subpar. A lounge singer churned out popular tunes in karaoke style with the assistance of a piano player and track sequencer. My wife commented that the entertainment was for seniors only - not suitable for anyone between 18 and 35.12. The hotel also featured nightly live performances with different themes. Only two of the ten performers were near professional quality. The rest seemed to be in learning mode, often out of sync with each other.13. The Casino was small and had few tables open simultaneously. Caribbean stud did not include a progressive or big jackpot.Overall, though, everyone was friendly and we had a decent time. I believe this place has a lot of potential. The staff needs training and the daily activities need development. Also, something has to be done about the beach.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room  very bad service and buffet Just came back from a corporate event at the Paradisus. My husband and I have travelled in many places and in 2 to 5 stars hotels. This one was very disapointing and definitively not a 4-5 stars hotel: although the site, the pool and the rooms are very nice, there is no beach and the service is very very bad. We had a room in the Royal Service section and for instance, it took them more than 24 hours to get us feather pillows and more than 3 hours to deliver a iron that, by the way, did not work. The thing that we did not like was that they would say they would do something and then they would not do it. This behavior was the same at the restaurant (you ask for milk for your coffee, they say YES and then they go and don't come back with it !) For the food, buffets were very basic and not very appealing. However, food in the small restaurants is very nice. But you need reservations and they fill up pretty quickly. We saw one night show and it was good. Also, BEWARE !! a former staff (who we met on a catamaran cruise) told us that back rooms in the villas fill up with water when it is raining !!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not recommend this resort My boyfriend and I love to go to all inclusive resorts for our vacations. I picked this one because of the rain forest and beautiful island. Our room was not working, all the resturants were booked in which we had to argue for two days to get to eat at one our whole stay instead of eating buffets three times a day.Several other guests were having the same problem. The setting didnt seem tropical and the beach was horrible. I would NEVER recommend this place ever. Until they get a new Director or GM. We will go back to san juan but NOT here.....  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>donnaterry
<Content>Itchy This is a three star hotel masquerading as a five star. Only one restuarant choice if you fail to make your reservations for the others as soon as you check in.Pool bar closed at 6pm. Cushions on Bali style loungers were full of black mold and unknown to us full of bugs. My husband and I have many many insect bites and are still itching a week later.It took an hour to get our luggage to the room. The employees were offering as good of service that they could considering. Only hot tub on the facility was at the Spa and even though this was a supposed all inclusive it was a $28 per person per day charge to use.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a great time For spring break me and my family went to the Paradisus for 7 days. We had read some of the reviews posted on this sight and were worried on how our stay might be. We have been to many all inclusives in years prior, but have never encountered one with such beautiful surroundings. It was a major plus to be part of the Royal Service, which gave you extra accomadations and an ocean front room. The only problem that we encountered on our trip was with reservations and seating at the buffets. It seemed that there were constantly empty tables that had not been cleaned yet...meanwhile there were long lines of people waiting to be seated. So i recommend that if you are planning a stay here to make reservations well in advance to avoid this problem. The pool is gorgeous and we never had a problem finding a place to sit. Our room was also very nice and was close to the pool/ lobby. So all these people who are hating on the Paradisus dont know what they're talking about. Although i wouldn't call it a 5 star hotel, we had an awesome time and its a beautiful hotel with a friendly staff.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a four star positives: great pools, rooms (on 2nd floor) , nice people, property, good location (near to San Juan and El Yunke rainforest), excellent Bar in main lobby.Negatives:Poor management, Short staffed, Tardy room service(if you order in meals), Beach (scary for kids ), Restaurants, no first aid kit at pools and only one lifeguard. No signs at the pools either (eg: no diving etc).We travelled with two kids (3 and 10) so we enjoyed the pool . The rooms were wonderful on the 2nd floor of two storied bunglows. We opted for royal service where a butler is assigned to you. Ours was great ( a tip does help) . Reservations are needed at the restaurants well in advance so please book them as soon as you arrive . There is one operating buffet where the food is okay but one gets tired of it after two days...there is an italian buffet which only operates on weekends.The other restaurants are reservations only. Nothing spectacular. There are tours availabel to various spots in PR and AVIS has a desk there but were out of cars. We rented one from nearby arranged by our butler and we visited San Juan and ElYunke rain forest ( avoid rushours between 2pm to 8pm) . Room service is a disaster if you order food in..ours took hour and half first time and 45 mins second time. Book your transport from airport and back before you arrive in PR by calling the hotel. Last day I fell into pool and was injured in my back by concrete stools near bar area in the pool. There was no first aid available. The security staff would call a doctor however that will cost you $150.00. In my case I opted for ambulance however they arrived after 20mins. So please carry first aid kit.The locals come in on weekends and there are local business events. Lobby is beautiful and Royal service lounge will spoil you.Overall we had a good time however I would rate this hotel a three and half star.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Relaxing My mother and I went to the Paradisus to celebrate our 40th and 60th birthdays. Great Facilities: We could not have asked for a more beautiful resort to stay in. Everything about the resort's grounds was first class. From the marbel floors to the elaborate furniture in the open air bar--it was all excellent.We also felt very safe being two women traveling alone.Interesting People: We were also pleased by the variety of people staying at the resort. There was a nice mix of families, couples, friends and business vacationers to chat with at the pool bar. (I recommend the rum punch.)Activities: We took two day trips. The best was the catamaran and snorkeling trip on the Traveler. You can book this at the hotel for about $70 per person and I recommend it.If you are looking for alot of action at night, I do not recommend this place. There are no bars close by and the night life at the Pardiadisus is mild. (One couple in thier 20's told me they spent $140 round trip for a cab to San Juan one night so they could party in the bars there.)Food:The drinks were plentiful, strong and filled with a smile. The food was good enough, but the staffing for the full service restaurants seem to be a problem. It took us three days to get a reservation before 9:00 p.m. and were dissappointed to see that they were only seating one third of the restaurant. A word to the wise--be prepared to eat at the buffets or eat late.Summary:This resort would be perfect for a relaxing vacation if they hired some more employees.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>suzysunshine
<Content>gorgeous place, but not good enough Before we went to the Paradisus, I read the reviews and hoped the negative comments were coming from very stuffy people who just couldn't be pleased. Sadly, everything I read here is right on the mark. So I won't repeat everything, just give my validation.This place is so incredibly beautiful, but I just don't think that is enough to justify the very high rates they charge. The total package is just not there, and it's a real shame. My husband and I had our trip paid for because it was a corporate trip. I personally would never pay $700 a night to stay here, or even close to that, because you're not getting what you pay for. We have been to many beautiful resorts for much less than that that offered more satisfaction than the Paradisus offers. It's a shame.My belief is that the resort does a great business because of the large corporate events, so they don't have to try harder. It really is a shame.That said, we had a fabulous time, really enjoyed the beauty of our surroundings, and were able to laugh off the food situation since it wasn't costing us a dime. Otherwise, we would have felt very ripped off.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxed and enjoyed the Paradisus We were apprehensive after reading the reviews. Our concerns were put to rest shortly after arriving. The staff who checked us in were friendly and warm. The lobby area is beautiful. Our room was very far away, but we enjoy walking and there were always golf carts available to drive you if you don't wish to walk. Our room was beautiful, an ocean view jr. suite. It was clean and comfortable. There was a bit of a musty smell, but that seems to be unavoidable in the Caribbean. The only challenge we encountered was in securing dinner reservations in the restaurants. The hotel needs to devise a better system. We were not allowed to make reservations before we arrived and when we arrived, the concierge was taking a lunch break. With some negotiation we were able to get reservations for each night we were there. (This was not the experience of most other guests we spoke to.) Oddly, each evening when we ate, approximately half of the tables were empty. This was odd because so many of the guests we spoke to told us they were not able to get reservations. I would rank the quality of the food as average to above-average. The servers and management were friendly and provided good service. Most of the hostesses, especially at the breakfast and lunch buffets were not very friendly or efficient. The pool area is beautiful and clean. There is plenty of room and plently of areas that you can sit if you prefer quiet to people watching and interacting. The bartenders were efficient and friendly. The beach is not ideal for swimming, but is beautiful and great for a walk. We enjoyed sitting on the grassy area overlooking the water and walking along the beach. We swam despite the rocks and seaweed and enjoyed ourselves. The spa was lovely and relaxing and we enjoyed massages. The hot tub and pool areas were very nice and virtually empty when we visited.  If you are looking for a five-star resort where your every whim is satisfied, you will be disappointed. However, if you are happy staying in a beautiful and clean resort with stunning views where you may have to negotiate for what you want, you will enjoy this resort. I will return if they offer a great rate again in the future.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rising Disappointment My family was quite excited about this all-inclusive vacation but day by day we were faced with increasing disappointments. We checked in late at night and asked for room service, they had only 2 sandwiches available. Room service was consistently unreliable throughout the trip. We loved the room they placed us in but we were on the second floor... it was difficult to bring up and down our baby's stroller. The room they transferred us to was not as well kept as the first one, there was a need for better linen and bathroom amenities. The staff at the Mirador grill (the outdoor restaurant) was in need of some lessons in customer service. The blackbirds were cute at the beginning... until they started diving for our food, even while we were still eating. The biggest disappointment was the ill-mannered hostess at the supposedly best restaurant in the property, Romantico. We were greeted with rudeness. Their only saving factor were the pleasant people at the reception desk, the Avocado and Bamboo restaurants, as well as the managers who most likely have to clean up after their staffs' unprofessionalism. Would we go back? Probably not. Would we recommend this? Well, if you want to gamble the several hundreds of dollars you have to pay for each night's stay for service and food that may or may not be good, then go ahead.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment in Paradise We just returned from four days at the Paradisus, and we will not return. There are not many resorts as beautiful as this one, but there are many areas in need of improvement. The climate is wonderful, and the landscaping is well designed. Rooms are spacious and very clean. The pools offer everything one wants, but the beach is one area that does not encourage visitors. Housekeeping needs improvement. Often they do not get to your room until very late in the afternoon or early evening. There were no washcloths or hand towels after the first day. Repeated requests for these items were ignored. Room service was terrible; service was slow, trays were not picked up for days, and the food was poor. The restaurants were not open in the evening, and you were told there were no available reservations when you called. The only meals available were buffets in two restaurants. Food that was to be hot was barely warm, and the buffet tables were not refilled very often. You need to get there early to get any food. Casino is small, and you might want to forget the gift shop. The spa was excellent, and the staff professional. Perhaps Paradisus has a lot of problems because it is only a few years old.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a major rip off We recently returned from a week at the all inclusive resort, Paradisus, in Puerto Rico. It was very very disappointing. Although the staff wanted to be helpful and were friendly, they were horribly understaffed and untrained. The hotel boasts of 5 fine dining restaurants, yet 2 of them were low grade buffets. The outdoor buffet was unsanitary, due to birds eating in the food and bird droppings. The reservation restaurants were poorly run, understaffed, relying on low quality meats and ingredients. We opted to upgrade to Royal Service which provides a butler and a private pool. The pool was lovely, but the butler was NO WHERE to be found. The food in general, was horrible and the room service was extremely slow and sometimes did not show up. Every day required arguing and fighting for what we had already paid for (and we were paying over $700.00/day). Upon arrival we were informed that no reservations were available ANY night before 10 pm.The beach was rocky with a lot of vegetation growing on the floor of the ocean and it was not good for swimming. The only plus was that the property was nice and the Royal Service ocean front accomodation was well appointed. It is rated a 4 star property and it is not even close.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Before we went to Paradisus,I read all the negative reviews, so I booked a backup room in San Juan. The day I arrived, I cancelled the backup reservation. The place is beautiful and relaxing. I never write reviews but I feel I have to refute the negative ones I had read.  All the Carribean Islands are a little laid back as far as service and the way they do things. But overall this place is worth it. It is a great place if you just want to lay by the pool,relax, and have a few drinks. Enjoy the Paradisus.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>too much money for oh so little We arrived at this hotel to meet with friends for a long weekend. After an easy flight from JFK we had to wait for over 35 minutes for the hotel bus to pick us up and bring us to the hotel.We arrived only to stand in a line for 20 minutes before anyone told us since we were 'Royal Sevice Members' we were to go to another area.We booked an Ocean front room. Well, all we saw of the ocean was the roof top of another building.We were told prior to getting to the hotel that our reservation had been honored, mind you we paid up front. So they move us to another room garden view on the 1st floor, dark and smelling very moldy. NOT ACCEPTABLE. We are then brought to another room garden view with 2 small beds, not acceptable for $100.00 a day. Then brought to yet another room 2nd floor garden view, bearly acceptable.....The room we requested and paid for would not be ready until the next day.??????????With this special 'ROYAL' service at an additional $100 each we were to get a butler? and have some of our clothes cleaned if necessary. Neither was provided.The food was less than adequate. It appears there is one main kitchen. If you like to each the same food all the time....go for it. The Benihana type restaurant was just a show with everything dumped onto a plate. The bird droppings often found in the Mirador Grill usually found on the plates and tables did not help.....disgusting and certainly not acceptable in the light of the bird epidemic.The royal service pool was pleasant and very cozy, the staff was very wonderful. The casino there is a bit sketchy.....many of the machines were not functioning properly and the atmosphere was not pleasant....small is not even close.Where was Management?Seems they had a major problem...They were ABSENT.Think twice before spending the money.....we will never return even if it were FREE. There is much better out there.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Room at th Inn We booked our stay through ORBITZ, but we called the hotel to guarantee a late arrival and was given a confirmation number. When we arrived at the Paradisus, we were told they overbooked by 18 rooms and we could stay at the El Conquistador 3 nights FREE. We were upset to say the least after traveling all that while, but what could we do. We got to the El Conquistador around 9:00PM. The next morning I called my credit card company to cancell the payment to ORBITZ. We had a loverly time at the El COnquistador by the way. When we got back home, we called ORBITZ only to be told the El Conquistador billed the Paradisus and they inturn billed ORBITZ which means we have to pay. Needless to say we are in arbitration regarding this bill. I am sure they had 18 other unhappy lodgers on their hands also. How could they totally ruin all these peoples hard earned vacations and just disregard what was told them? What a way to do business. Needless to say we will never return. It much to expensive a place to be run so poorly.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>HCB26
<Content>Glad I didn't stay home My husband and I had a very restful and relaxing vacation. It was a company trip so we were with a large group and had some of our meals planned ahead of time. We had no problems getting reservations the other nights. I am pregnant and a picky eater and did not go hungry. There were plenty of healthy choices and the room service was wonderful during the day. The late night service took two hours. After reading previous reviews I was tempted to pass on the trip and stay home, but I am glad I gave it a chance. The staff was friendly and the spa was wonderful! I didn't get a single bug bite. We brought a candle for the room and that took care of the slight odor. I did get a pretty nasty sunburn, so bring your sunblock and a good book and relax. The weather was perfect the entire time.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradisus was Super! We just got back from a week at the Paradisus and loved it! Definitely go for the Royal Service - we asked for scented pillows and ended up with over 16 on the bed. We were able to get restaurant reservations for all 7 nights at exactly the time we wanted 6:30, 7:30 no problem. Food was excellent. Try the tuna or snapper. Desserts are super. Room service was quick and hot. Pool towels were not a problem - we just walked down to the royal pool and helped ourselves each morning - never had to even show our cards. The casino is small but does have pennies, nickels and quarters. Terrible vp selecetion and pays, but I won $600 on two different nights playing Eagle Rock. Sign up for the players card - they give you a tee shirt and $30 in match play coupons.Get a car and go on one of the catamarans to Icarcos - we went snorkeling twice, once with Spread Eagle/Capt. Tito and once with Island Flyer (High speed catamaran) with Capt. Jim.- had a nice day both times.Only complaint - and this is really a stretch - they had a daily fee to park your rental car (there are devious ways around this)Royal Service Rooms in Building 17 are closest to everything - top floors have cathedral ceilings and more privacy.NO bugs, no musty smell - would go back in a flash.dotneko@aol.com  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would love to go Back I thought the place was as Beautiful as a person could expect. I was in Heaven. The people that have a problem with the resort to me were just ignorant, for the simple fact that when you wake up in heaven would you tell God that it wasn't to your standards, there are people out there that will never see heaven, so just be glad that it was you to take in all the beauty. I would love to take my children there. It was just my husband and I that when't for 4 days and 3 nights, I wish it would of been longer but who knows maybe one day it will be.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Paradisus Hotel, Puerto Rico I just returned from Paradisus Puerto Rico with my family. There were 8 of us in total. We had the most relaxing, wonderful time. The service was outstanding, the buffets and bbqs were great, the entire resort is full of activity and yet you never feel crowded at any of the facilities. The people in Royal Services were terrific. We can't say enough. For an All Inclusive Vacation it was really terrific.We will certainly return with our family.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BarbaraJ50
<Content>LOVED IT!!!! My friends and I just returned from 1 week in Paradisus Puerto Rico. We were celebrating my friends 50th birthday and were looking for a special place. After reading some of the reviews, I had wondered if we made the right choice. This vacation exceeded my expectations. The place is beyond beautiful...it is truly Paradise. The staff couldn't have been nicer. The shows are great. The shopping in Old San Juan and the local resturants are unbelievable.The photographs of the resort do not do it justice. The pools, bars, resturants, all perfect. If you don't like buffets, this is not the place for you. If you want to relax in the sun, have fun and drink the best coffee you'll ever drink then go to Paradisus. The beach has rocks but so does the North shore of Long Island. If you can afford the few extra dollars, go for the Royal Service. Oh, and if you gon with your best friends thats a real plus! And make sure you try the Flan at the desert table!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>capricorn13
<Content>Loved Puerto Rico, Hated The Paradisus Puerto Rico is beautiful but really research the hotel where you will stay. The Paradisus is a beautiful property with a great location. There are several problems. They are under staffed which make the customer service rotten. The employees are friendly considering that they are too busy. Never order room service, unless you request the smallest items that would be expected such as salt or butter. The food is terrible, especially the outdoor buffet. The pool and spa are wonderful. So unless you just want to hang at the pool and not eat I would not suggest this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Timmic
<Content>Much better than expected...I'd go back for the right price! My husband  I just returned from 5 days at the Paradisus and we were definitely not disappointed! We have done numerous all-inclusives through Apple Vacations and I would rate this resort a 5 Apple for appearance and a 4 Apple for food. The grounds were beautiful and the rooms large and clean -- it's probably the first time I did not try to change rooms. Yes, they have the same musty smell that many places in the Caribbean have -- some incense and scented candles cured that. I brought a can of Raid but did not see even ONE bug in our room. I normally hate first floor rooms for the privacy factor, but there is so much landscape between the room and walkway, no one was walking right past our room. We were with a very large group - 350 to 400 people - and I agree that large groups do get better service. No one I knew got any bug bites, yet I met a woman who had at least 100 bites on her legs - go figure! Food - typical all inclusive food but not at the standard you would expect for the price. I've eaten at a Secrets Resort and their food is up to par for the price you pay. We ate at Romantico and Avocado - enjoyed them both. I would avoid the outdoor restaurant as the birds have a habit of flying in and eating off the buffet along with you. The indoor breakfast/lunch buffets were fine. Plenty of fresh fruit, bagels, pastries, salad, etc along with fresh made omelettes. We had terrible luck with room service, yet another couple with us had great service. It's a lot of hit or miss so I would say their biggest problem is inconsistency. The Italian buffet was good -- pick your pasta, sauce, and additionals (mushrooms, shrimp, etc) and they make it fresh and hot.They are far from everything so I would consider renting a car if you are going for a week or more. We were there for 3 full days and did excursions for 2 of them but another couple had a car and said it was no problem driving there.Having done enough all-inclusive vacation packages through Apple (Playa del Carmen, Antigua, Punta Cana, Hualtuco, Ixtapa, etc), I would say this would be worth about $1200-$1500 from Chicago for one week including airfare and all taxes. I can totally understand the poor reviews for those that paid for it. Definitely not worth the money they charge, but totally worth it for the right price. My husband and I would go back in a heartbeat if the price was within our range and we would rent a car for a couple days. The pool was beautiful and we never had a problem getting chairs. I don't agree with the towel card thing so I'd suggest bringing your own. Not worth the money if someone else accidently takes yours.The grounds are large so if you're going with other people I'd suggest bringing a set of walkie-talkies.(Don't forget extra batteries!) If you are going on a company trip, you will probably enjoy it more. Either way, relax and enjoy it.I'm usually only on Trip Advisor when planning a trip and since I don't have any more coming up, please feel free to contact me directly at timmic0516@comcast.net if you have any questions.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Don't Get It I was skeptical about staying here because of other reviews, but being a fan of All Inclusive vacations, I needed to try this one in Puerto Rico, especially because of the ease of getting there and no passports required. My vacation was MARVELOUS! The employees were just lovely. The property is dreamy. OK, I didn't get my first pick of restaurants two times in a row, but what do you expect? The Hotel was full. We took it easy and agreed to what was available. And it was great. The buffets need to be tended more often so food doesn't dry up, but otherwise, the a-la-carte restaurants were good. I admit I've had better, but also I've had alot worse. Hey look, vacation means RELAX! I saw people creating their own problems. Some peple don't know how to leave the stress home. I would definitely go back. Loved it!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UWSGAL
<Content>Dissapointment This is far from being a 4-5 star resort. Although the grounds are beautiful and the rooms are nice, the food,drinks and service was terrible. They have 3 restaurants ( that had no reservations available) and 2 buffets that were horrific. 1 of the 2 restaurants to choose, do not allow kids under 12... which is a ridiculus rule for a family resort during presidents week. If you want a 5 star meal, you need to take a taxi to San Juan ( $160 round trip) and eat in one of the many amazing places to choose from in town. I will say the activities were great for the kids and the shows at night were well done.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gstrauss
<Content>Beautiful grounds does not make up for lousy service Just returned from a vacation here during February break week. This place needs a lot of work. While the grounds are beautiful and the rooms spacious and clean, the poor service cannot be overlooked. It's not that the people who work at Paradisus are not nice. They are very friendly. The problem is they are not well trained and there are far too few of them to accomodate the huge facility.We traveled with our three kids. We had reservations confirmed for two connecting rooms. When we checked in, we were put in rooms on different floors. We were not the only ones who ran into this problem. We later found out that there are only 8 connecting rooms in the entire facility. If you have a large family, it makes it difficult to stay at this resort.Dinner reservations are impossible, pool is not heated, beach is visually beautiful but basically unusable. It may sound like nitpicking but for the rates that this place charges - similar to any Ritz Carlton - we expected a lot more.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jwjw57
<Content>not nearly as bad as the reviews!!!!! Just came back from the resort. We were there February vacation week which could have been a disaster but it wasn't. I was very nervous going in having read the reviews:1)This is an all inclusive if it is marketed to you in a different way find a new travel agent!!!! An all inclusive is not going to have 5 star food and service. It was fine.I never met any one who worked there who was rude. I thought the bartenders tried very hard to accomodate you as well as the waiters especially the girl walking the pool.A few dollars every once in a while also goes a long way. I maybe spent 25.00 in a week in tips and never had a problem whether I tipped or not. I had to complain at first (which I shouldn't have to do) to get adinner reservation for one of the 1st 2 nights I was there. I spoke to the manager and he tried to be helpful and eventually came up with a reservation at Bamboo which was excellent. After that I waited online and took 3 9:00 reservations which were fairly prompt with their seating. (note to resort:when it is a holiday week hire extra staff to clear tables it will make a HUGE differnce in service)2)My 17 and 13 year old daughter traveled with us. If not for the Lacrosse team from Westchester it would have been very dull for them (Thanks for bringing them down)(note to the resort: Add a Disco or some sort of club for teens vacation week if they are happy so are their parents even if nothing else is good. Its a great resort for the little ones. We even watched the clown a couple of nights he was pretty funny!3)rooms were gorgous but can't seem to get rid of the mildew smell.All in all my husband and my thoughts were it can be a fantastic resort if they somehow fix the dinner reservations and put in some sort of club. I would go back in a few years.PS THERE WERE NO BUGS AT ALL AT THE RESORT (The general thought was that they must have sprayed it after there were so many complaints in December)All in all the reviews on this site have not been what the resort is really like.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jimbe
<Content>Never Again!!! Our visit was a first and LAST for us....terrible food and service for inflated prices. This property seems to have many groups and gives any attention to them and not the rest of their clients. The property is gorgeous and nice rooms...too bad the food and service is so bad. Anyone who gives this resort a good review is either with a group or just happy to be in the sunshine with no care as to food/service. I would advise believing anything negative you read about this property....we decided to judge for ourseleves after reading many negative reviews, and paid dearly for that mistake!If all you want is a beautiful property, no usable beach and lousy food, then this is the place for you! Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was beautiful, but needs some help Most things were good-service, the place was BEAUTIFUL and the people were nice. It was the cleanest hotel/resort I've ever stayed at!! There were activities to do, a kid show and an adult show every night. Everything was great except the food was not the best and they were short on staff. The best resturant was a Japanise resturant called Bamboo. Avacado, a steakhouse was okay. The buffets were edible, but for the price of the resort it was not what we excpected. The rooms were VERY clean, the place was beautiful, and I saw maybe about 4 bugs while I was there. One thing that really bothered me was that there was only 1 lifeguard in the whole pool(the pool is huge)! One of my family members almost drowned, but another family member jumped in and saved her. This is a great resort, but it needs some help.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay: Why all the negativity here?? We just got back from a group retreat and had a great time. The resort is beautiful and relaxing. The food was fair but I do not think you can cook for the masses in an all-inclusive atmosphere and expect 5 star menus! I am a picky eater and found plenty to keep me satisfied.The personnel were all friendly and the rooms were spacious and clean. I noticed a lot of families here as well and there were lots of activites for adults and kids alike.The grounds were beautiful and the coastal landscape was wonderful.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth the price We arrived to find that you need reservations for the two full service restaurants. Though I got up to make it to the reservation desk to be second in line, they were booked for all of the four nights stay with the exception on one night where we aquired a 9:45 p.m. reservation. They were late seating reservations so we actually were eating at 11:30 p.m.! Additionally, there is only entertainment on certain nights. We missed that because we were eating. Nothing to do but gamble or watch TV at night with buffet eating breakfast, lunch and dinner is not my idea of luxury or service.Though I usally gain 5 pounds on vacation; I lost 2 pounds in four days. The hot buffet foods were cold, the milk was sour. Consequently, my favorite items on the buffet were salad and bread. I sound picky, but seriously, they had crab cakes on the menu at dinner and were substituting chicken nuggets! We talked to several people who said they were going out of the resort to eat a decent meal. Guests at dinner were frequently seen getting up to go the waiter station to get their own drinks!The pool and grounds were beautiful and I was happy that I never had to stake out a beach chair... where was everyone? The linens were changed daily between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., but each afternoon we were inturrupted a second time by the staff restocking the water  soda fridge in the room at 4:40 p.m. The liquor was top shelf, but only two of the bartenders were friendly. They seemed overwhelmed which made me uncomfortable. Should I feel badly for ordering a drink?Bottom line is that it wasn't terrible, but for the price it was not the level of service we have received in other travels. Don't bother to complain, they look sympathetic and do nothing to correct the problems. We actually had one of the management tell us that the 'groups' staying at the resort were the priority, even though they paid less than we did! Lower the price and I might refer a friend, but doubtful. Unless we the management of the Paradisus makes some ammends to us and acknowledges their downfalls, we will be telling out travel agent not to send anyone else there.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service Poor/Food Bad My friend and I just returned from this beautiful hotel, unfortunately the beauty of the resort is damaged by the poor service and terrible food. We lived on bread and fruit all the while loving the weather and the grounds which they are constanly working on at all hours including around the spa at 10 am. They also had tend to drive the work carts with trailers dragging behind them around the grounds at the crack of dawn.Would never stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kenorjen
<Content>Couldn't ask for better We, too, recently returned from a group conference at the Paradisus and couldn't have asked for a better resort for this conference! We traveled with a group of 60 and, to my knowledge, there were NO major complaints - we were fairly evenly divided between Royal and Regular service, too. We have been on 8 or more trips with this same group and, to my knowledge, this is the first time there were no requests for room changes and no complaints. We had room service several times during our stay and the food came 10 - 15 minutes sooner than expected, every time; we had a Super Bowl party at our place and Roberto, from banquet services, couldn't have been more attentive; Angel and Anthony, our butlers, were fabulous and even came to check if we needed anything on 2 or more occasions and Juan Carlo, who handled our farewell dinner, was equally attentive and concientious of our every need. Elizabeth, st the excursion desk, was great too! We had arranged for a small group to take the night kayak trip to the Bioluminescent Bay and it gradually turned into a group of 40 - which could have turned into a big problem or a disappointment for some - but because of her expertise, it didn't! It was one of the most amazing side trips I have ever been on!My husband and I came to the Paradisus for a site visit in 2004 and found everyone to be very accomodating then, too. I have read many reviews of different resorts on this forum and it seems the disgruntled are much more likely to take the time to write a review than the satisfied are. What a shame we are fast to criticize and very slow to praise!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>virtuoso
<Content>great experience Just returned from a group program. Overall, we had a great time..Rooms were excellent, service friendly, pools beautiful. Food was average and can be improved for a 5 star resort. The staff was delightful and all of us (60 people) had a great experience.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rooms I read previous reviews on trip advisor just before our departure, I was nervous. I strongly agree with the people who said it was a very nice resort, but food was average, couldn't get into restaurants that required reservations, and we started the first day we arrived and only made it to one in a week. Apparently they are understaffed in Restaurants. I think they have to cut cost somewhere and it's cheaper for you to go to one of their Buffet restaurants. We had Royal Service, but that didn't really get us any further along. We spoke with managers, they appologized said they would work on it but no one (four different people) every really followed thru. We wanted a good meal and decided to go outside the resort to a restaurant another guest had told us about. The resort provided transportation to and from Restaurant, it was about 20 min. from resort. The restaurant was La Parilla, highly reccommend. Open air (nothing fancy, but not a total dive) locals restaurant, very good food, good presentation, very friendly staff, a little slow but enjoyable. We enjoyed ourselves, if we ever went back to Puerto Rico we would go there. We had our four kids with us (ages 5-17). They were very accomodating to the kids.Paradisus-Very nice resort, but wouldn't return because of Food issues (poor management).  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Buffalo99
<Content>Poor service and location Went to paridisus to get away from the cold.Poor service, average food, rooms ok.Would recommend staying in the number 1500 bungalows or the number 100's bungalows. Everything else is an extremely long walk to get to pools and dining. I'm not averse to walking; however, you have to plan your evening around a long hike to and from your room.Bamboo dining was decent but the hostess acted as if we were disrupting them by asking for seating for 4 (no reservations). If we weren't so hungry we would have requested management. The Hibachi tables were empty! Bartenders not very helpful and spent most of the evening staring at their shoes.I would not return or recommend this resort to any family members or friends.$100 cab fare to get downtown; when you are on this resort you are stuck.Evening strolls were infested by gnats/blackflies- I am still scratching 1 week post stay  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise at Paradisus We stayed at the Paradisus hotel the week of January 22nd, and found it to be a very rewarding and relaxing experience. The hotel staff was accomdating and friendly, and the service was good throughout. We were thoroughly happy with the hotel. The horizontal layout of the hotel is a bit sprawling, but taxi service is provided to vacationers' bungaloes, and this service is more than adequate as waiting is kept to a minimum. The food is excellent across the board, be it breakfast, lunch or dinner, and the selections are varied. There are several different types of restaurants for discriminating tastes, including oriental, italian, and continental. We preferred the buffets, and the Italian restaurant was particularly good. The pool is vast and winding, and interestingly contoured. The scenery at poolside along the ocean is a thing of beauty, and comfortably laid out. The only problem we had is that we found that we had quite a few mosquitoe bites when we arrived home, so we would recommend protection. As for tours, we enjoyed the rainforest and its myriad types of birds, insects, vegetation and plants. However, our favorite jaunt was to the fortress at El Morro fronting the town of Od San Juan. The fortress was constructed in the mid 1500s to repel invaders, and you can almost feel the battles while walking through this massive, multi-storied structure. And don't forget to take a walk through Old San Juan, which has character and diversity, as well as good buys for interested shoppers. All in all, we had a great time. If you like a relaxed and relatively tranquil vacation, the Paradisus is ideal, as it is tucked away on a remote peninsula, away from the maddening crowd.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BnD
<Content>Be Advised This is a beautiful resort and much effort is obvious in maintaining the grounds, pool area, beach etc. Do not, however, let the high cost of the resort lead you to believe you'll get outstanding service. Most of the staff seemed well trained to respond to complaints, and were very courteous. When their mouths moved, rehearsed words came out and sounded smooth, but a sincere desire to help was absent. One buffet hostess at the Caribbean in particular, was rude by nature. She loved telling you to go to another restaurant as they were closed.(I don't think they have set hours to be open) We were forewarned about the system for dinner reservations, to the extent that we made several calls before our arrival to secure a nice place to eat. We were assured by Maria Garcia that there would be no problem and we just needed to make reservations after we checked in. Still being doubtful, I requested from Maria, specific night reservations for the different restaurants, giving her flexibility by not specifying a time. When we checked in, the reservation desk was closed. The next morning we went to the desk again to find Maria had succeeded in one nights dinner reservations for our 7 night stay. It was for 9:30 pm. OK, yes, two buffets are available without reservations, so you will not starve to death. However, our experience in both buffet locations, (for food and service) was on a par with our local $8.99 buffet dinners. We were successful on the 2nd day with the help of our travel agent and secured a reservation at the Romantico Restaurant for 10:00pm. We were seated at 11:00 pm, and were served the last course, our dessert, finally at 1:00 AM. At 1:05 am, all the lights were turned on full bright.. It was the staff鈥檚 message to us: 鈥渙k we鈥檙e thru with you...get out鈥?Unfortunately, this trip was with my best customers and the resort did not give me the results I wanted or expected.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jan. 19 - 22nd Terrible Food, Service  I have never written a review before but needed to after just returning from the Paradisus. The food is horrible - I have never been on a vacation before and lost weight from not wanting to eat the resort food. The buffets are just plain awful. The lettuce was consistently wilted and brown, everything was always cold, none of the food is marked - you have to guess at what you are about to eat, they didn't even replenish the food once it was gone, and on more than 1 occassion I saw the staff picking at the food (with their fingers) for themselves - gross. The service was pretty bad - no incentive for the staff to fulfill a request from a guest. After asking 3 different people for cream for my coffee my coffee grew colder and colder and I never received the cream. Room service was better than any of the buffets - the downside to that is you have to order it and wait an hour to get it. I wonder who manages the staff because they were always standing about chatting away to one another and were never in any rush to help someone who may need it. They eat and socialize all day long - no wonder they work there. Too bad for the paying guest.We made our dinner reservations when we first arrived and only were able to get into Bamboo and Romantico. Bamboo was the best meal we had in the 4 days - Ironic that we came to PR and enjoyed Japanese food better than anything else they had to offer. Although we couldn't get a reservation for our first night in any of the restaurants we saw many open tables and when we asked they said WE ARE BOOKED SOLID. We had no choice but to go to the buffet and try to pick through the unidentified food and wilted brown salad. I was just wondering why they would build a resort on the base of a rain forest? It rains there a lot. Pretty annoying when you just get relaxed and have to run for cover during the many many downpours that come. I thought the rooms were ok and I didn't see any of the bugs that some of the people wrote about. I was really happy about that because the bugs would have put me over the edge. We had a clean, ocean view room near the Royal Service pool. I was very disappointed in the transfer bus - slow, the check-in - slow (and I was part of the Royal Service plan), the service - slow to none at all, the food - awful and the drinks are NOT top shelf and they do not put very much alcohol in your glass. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and I would never go back. I'm giving this 2 stars only because my husband and I were trying to make the best of it. The Royal Service Plan definitely saved us because the private pool had good chair service and when it wasn't raining and the sun was shining we did get to relax a little. I would gladly pay 10xs the price for good food and service because to me that is what vacation is all about.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradisus Jan 15-19th Every 2 years my mom who is now 80yrs young and I travel, my husband goes to work. We try to go to an all-inclusive because of the convenience. Two years ago we went to El Conquistador Hotel in San Juan (not an all-inclusive) it was wonderful. Let me start with the bus that picked us up at the airport to take us to the Paradisus. After flying in from Philadelphia we were a bit tired from the travel. They had us walk a distance to the bus pulling along our luggage. It turns out we were the only 2 people on the bus and they couldn't meet us at our airline...The girl who met us at the airport saw my mom was exhausted and finally offered to take her suitcase. They had us waiting on the bus for about 15 minutes as the bus driver socialized outside the bus. After 45 minutes we arrived at the hotel and checked in. Our room was not ready and we decided to eat lunch and make reservations for the restaurants. We knew from past experiences its important to do that immediately or else we'd be stuck eating only at the buffets. We were given a hard time making the reservation since we didn't have the key to the room even though we knew the room number. I wouldn't give in and we got our reservations. I asked for 7 pm and they said it wasn't available but the times we were given were from 6-6:45. The first night we went to the Italian buffet and had to wait 45 minutes for a table. When we were seated we saw alot of empty tables and a number of tables that had to be cleaned off. I was furious that we had to wait so long. We were not the only ones. If a party of 10 walked in the hostess would seat them first all others had to wait. It's amazing that one would have to wait for a buffet when you are getting up and getting the food yourself. It didn't make sense since the tables were available. Right from the start I felt that the hotel didn't care about the people. By the way the food was quite fair.Our first restaurant with a reservation was Avacado the food was just ok, nothing to rave about. The service was awful. I asked for water 3 times before it was finally given. The second night we went to Romantico, we both ordered lamb chops medium, it came to us cold and bleeding. We sent it back and I think they put a match under it. Needless to say we didn't eat our meal. The last night we ate at Bamboo and it was very good. At the first 2 restaurants as we sat there we saw a number of empty seats at 7:00 the time we requested and were told it was booked at 7pm. We didn't appreciate being lied to either.We were told there is entertainment every night which also bought us to this hotel. The first night they had a show but we were to tired to see it. We thought we would catch the other shows. To our surprise there wasn't any as Loreal was having a convention and they were to busy setting that up. Because of that the guests had to suffer. People just sat around drinking or going to the casino, which is where we spent our nights.Our room was nice but we had flying bugs so we had to have the room sprayed.They have service to get you around the resort, the only trouble is it comes every 20 minutes. We were lucky enough that we were near the pool and restaurants. We had waited for the tram at the pool and they told us to go to the front of the resort. When we got to the front they said go to the back. We didn't feel anyone actually knew what was going on. I also asked if they had a computer service and they weren't sure. The last day someone finally told me that it was in the business office.Maybe it was our fault but I was under the impression there was a beach and we could go in the ocean. My mistake. They had some lounge chairs on grass with the ocean as the background. The pool was dirty. They had what looked like a hot tub or whirlpool with jets in the center of the pool. I got into the water which happened to be cold and got to the whirlpool and found out it was just jets and it was not a hot-tub. I thought that was rediculous to sit there and have cold water jets on your back. There wasn't a hot-tub at the pool but for $28.00 a day you could use the one at the spa along with the steam room and sauna. I was wondering what happened to ALL INCLUSIVE! We called for bottled water as our house keeper forgot to to put new bottles in our mini bar. They told us that there would be a $3.00 charge to bring it to our room....my mom told them it could wait until later. That type of thing turns me off to a place to be so petty.We did confront the manager about our gripes. We felt something should have been done to rectify some of the things we told her about. She said she would tell someone the next day and they would get back to us. Of course that never happened. We were very unhappy with this resort and would NOT reccommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Open a FedEx account Please FedEx the following items to the Paradisus:1.a propane grill (you will need to do your own cooking)2.any food you decide to cook (the food is bad and it takes too long to be served)3.extra beach towels (you are only allowed 1)4.a keg of water and normal soft drinks5.Ear plugs for DJ 鈥淒isturbing the Peace鈥?for he will make you want to swim home.6.A dehumidifier for the rooms are musty and damp (even the tissues were wet)7.Steel-toed caterpillar work boots for the cockroaches in our bathroom were the size of small birds.8.Liquid nails to glue on the knob to turn on the shower鈥t kept falling off.9.A bug zapper, a gallon of insect repellent, and a screened in porch.10.Hiking boots for the beaches are not sand.11.Your negotiating/debating skills for there were unnecessary charges on my room account. 12.A book on how to learn to pay for room service in an 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?resort.13.Coping skills in case you become violently ill from eating an elongated hot dog.14.Finally, you are gonna need to pack a lot of patience.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go to Paradisus! We just returned from a family vacation at the Paradisus in Puerto Rico from January 12 鈥?16, 2006. There was 10 of us on an annual family vacation. This year we decided to really splurge and go for a 5 star experience. Our package included air from Newark, NJ to San Juan, PR transfers and all inclusive resort. The total price of our package was $2980 for a couple.I felt it was important for everybody to fully understand what is really happening at this resort. We arrived at Paradisus at 4:05 and waited 17 minutes in the lobby line to be waited on by an extremely unfriendly receptionist who checked us in. Check in time was to be 3:00. Our rooms wouldn鈥檛 be ready until 4:30. She said that we go to the bar or the lobby restaurant and enjoy the all inclusive meal or drink. We asked to be compensated for our wait as we just traveled for 5 hours. She suggested that we could have a drink or meal. After we explained it was all inclusive and obviously we can have some food or drink, she stated there was nothing she could do.The resort grounds are very beautiful. When we were ready to go to our rooms, we were driven by a bus boy who was very friendly. Our room was musty and remained that way the whole time we were there. The rooms were clean and very nice.The most important thing for you to know is that the restaurants鈥?quality and service was extremely poor. We weren鈥檛 able to get any reservations until 9:00 for all nights we were there. The first night we had a reservation at Avacado. Our reservations were supposed to be at 9:00 and they made us sit outside until 9:20, even though there were plenty of available seats inside the restaurant. We ordered at approximately 9:45. We had our apps at 10:00. Our meal finally arrived at 10:40, but it was cold for most of us. We were the last people to leave the restaurant, but it seamed that every waiter had their own agenda and didn鈥檛 help the last waiter who was waiting on us. He served us desert which took another 20 minutes and never asked us for coffee, but when we asked him it took another 15 minutes. The food was very poor.Second night we ate at Romantic and the service was worse. We didn鈥檛鈥?leave this Restaurant until 11:30. We felt we weren鈥檛 alone as another party of golfers were extremely upset. The one guy customer actually got up from his table and went back into the Kitchen. He came out and approached our table and asked us if we were upset of the service. He told us that he was sick and tired of waiting and that he had a business party with him that were golfing all day. He told us that the waiters were just in the back 鈥渉anging out鈥? I must say the quality of the food was good.The third night we ate at Bamboo. We had reservations for 9:00, however, they wouldn鈥檛 seat us until 9:50. The hostess was extremely rude and unfriendly. The food was good and we had a good time. The major drama that night was a scene at the next station. The cook accidently hit one of the customers with one of his shakers and it made a big splash in his soup and thus all over his shirt and pants. The cook didn鈥檛 acknowledge what happened and the customer threw a big fit in front of the whole restaurant.The fourth and last night we ate at the Italian restaurant buffet. The place was a pig pen. There were dirty tables all over. Although we only had to wait 10 minutes, the quality of the food was extremely poor.I must say that we travel on business and pleasure and have stayed a many 5 and 4 star hotels and resorts. We feel that we were ripped off and will never return to this place. I was a waitress for six years during college and I believe that the restaurant staff is not trained and not motivated.Our party of 10 people was dissatisfied because of the poor service and mediocre at best food. We tried to communicate our concerns during our stay. A manager was to meet us on 1/13 at 9:00 at Romantica, however he did not show up. I also tried to call a manager several time after that, but they were never available and they would give us their number, but it just rang.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Westlaw
<Content>Liked this place The people make up for any shortfalls. 1. Upon arrival, they did not have our reservations. Solution- upgraded to great room. Slow service. Solution- seemed like personal service thereafter. If something is not right, tell the front desk, they are VERY helpful. The place did seem empty. This is also not a 5 star hotel, but it is very nice. There is only a narrow strip of beach front and the ocean has plant life growing in it but the pools are REALLY nice and the people are great. GO, HAVE FUN AND ENJOY  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Rachael-Dublin
<Content>Would not recommend! (particularly for couples) We stayed at the Paradissus from 26-30 December 2005. I have never written a hotel review before but feel I have to in this case. We stay in 5 star hotels around the world and usually spend Christmas in one in Mauritius. We are a young couple and joined family there for three nights. The location is nice except it is very far from any town etc. if you wanted to try and escape to a local restaurant. The rooms were fine, large but not luxurious as one would normally expect with a five star. We were paying $1000 a night and for that it was a very average room. The (free) mini bar only contained water and soft drinks. While the water was welcome we would prefer a full bar and the option to decide paying for a bottle of wine. Our first introduction to the hotel was at a slow check in where we were told we would have to wear a wrist band for our stay and given cards which would allow us to get a pool towel each. If the pool towel was not returned at the end of each day one has to pay $30. I have never stayed in a 5 star (or any hotel for that matter) which didn't hand out towels at the pool. We felt like we were in boarding school! The next day we met the rest of our family who had already been there a week who confirmed it was really dreadful. In particular they complained about the food, the wine, the incredible system of having to queue to make restaurant reservations and the lack of a supervised childrens club. The had four children under 8 with them and the 'supervisor' just walked off one day and left them on a beach with other children. We decided to make the best of it and found the adult only pool which is part of a royal service package. For $25 each extra per day we could use it and avail of its relatively civilised atmosphere and its more relaxed towel regime - they gave you two towels! The pool staff here were very friendly and regularly brought around water etc. On the food all I can say is that it wasn't good. Breakfast was the best of the lot as there was plenty of fresh fruit. We avoided lunch after the first day. The salad bar looked as if everything had come out of tins. We ordered a bottle of wine and it came long after we had finished eating. With tips being included in staff's wages they have no incentive to be that attentive. Saying that we did meet some very pleasant staff. We tried three of the restaurants - Bamboo (ok), Avocado (bad) and Tuscana (very average pasta bar). There was loud entertainment in all three and constantly in the main bar area. The hotel is aimed towards large families with plenty of children where costs can be controlled with the all inclusive system and people aren't that interested in good food. It seemed ideal for teenage children and the main pool was full of life. It is not designed for couples at all. We were forunately only staying for three nights on a stopover before we headed on to another Caribbean island. The rest of our family checked out a week early and moved to the Ritz-Carlton in San Juan which they found very good - their main reasons for leaving being the food and the lack of fully supervised child care facilities. I am giving the hotel two stars as the spa was really magnificant. We used it every day. The massages were among some of the best we have ever had worldwide and we travel alot. The staff there were also excellent. The adjacent gym is well equipped but tiny for the number of guests in the hotel and was full at peak times. The casino was also well equipped and seemed to be well run. Finally the bugs - I should mention I got about 40 little bites in the 3 days we were there. Although I should also mention that my husband didn't get any. Safe to say that next year we are all returning to the luxury and fantastic food of Mauritius!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it! All in one and not the cheap watered down ones We stay in December and we can't say enough about how great it was. It wasn't the all in one type of hotel that gives you watered down drinks or cheap food. We felt like Royality. What lacked in having a relative small beach front it very much was compensated in the pool area. What a beautiful pool and hotel overall. Very friendly personel that show why the Puerto Rican people are some of the tourist friendly in the Caribbean. You can't believe what I saved not having to bring my wallet around or charging everthing to my room. We drank and ate when and what we wanted...Could you imagine what it would of cost us in a regular hotel for everthing we had!!! We loved it and we be coming back.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs massive improvement!!! I have been to this resort twice in the past 2 years and there is some serious service issues at this relatively new hotel.I stayed from 12/27-1/2 and the staff shortage was very obvious. While I expected a slight drop in service during a peak holiday week, the service level was totally unacceptable. I heard from some of the local staff that much of the service people walked out of the resort in early December because of wage issues. As a result, they are completely understaffed and unable to adaquately service their customers. To charge people $700-$800 per night and be told I cannot make a reservation in one of their better restaurants is unacceptable. If I wanted to eat at buffets all week, I would have went to Punta Cana and spent $300-$400 per night.While some of the positive reviews on this site occured during less peak dates, during the busy season this hotel either needs to close half their rooms so they can adequately service people or drop their rates by 50%!The turn over in management is extremely high and finding competent people to manage this hotel is very difficult. I would never go back to this hotel unless the service improves dramatically.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back I too just got back from a nice holiday vacation in Puerto Rico at the Paradisus. I am surprised at a lot of the comments as we did not experience a lot of the negatives that others have experienced. Hopefully I won't bore you with the details but I will go into our entire experience there.First of all, due to research on the internet, we booked the Royal Service which was probably worth it in the long run but also the source of the few negatives we experienced. We arrived the day after Christmas around 1:00 PM (at airport) and had originally planned on taking a taxi to the resort which we figured would be faster than waiting for a shuttle at about the same price. when we got off the plane, a Paradisus representative was there waiting for other guests. We were able to take the shuttle which was $120.00 round trip. It did take an hour to get to the resort from the airport - seemed forever - but anything would have seemed forever after a 4hour plus flight from Chicago. When we got to the resort, we were asked our names as soon as we got off the shuttle and when they saw that we were 'Royal Service', we were immediately escorted to a special lounge where we were checked in. So, Royal Service saved us the longer check in at the front desk.While checking in we asked about different aspects of the resort and royal service and it was suggested that before our 'butler' (I use the term very loosely) would give us a tour of the resort and take us to our rooms that we should immediatly book our reservations for our restaurants. The butler took us to the restaurant line (one person was in front of us) and we were told that due to a computer problem and cancellations, we could only book that night and the next. I really didn't feel like coming back and while she stepped away to get a reservation book, I asked our butler about it and told him I would prefer to book our entire week. When she came back he spoke to her in spanish and lo and behold, we booked our entire week, got reasonable times (all around 7PM) and tried out almost all of the restaurants - Bamboo is the absolute best. This resulted in a nice 'extra' tip for our butler (since all tips and gratuities are included).Room -Absolutely gorgeous and no musty smell like some people have mentioned. Huge towels, robes, unbrella, mini rifrigerator stocked each night - just softdrinks water and beer. Balcony - ours looked out toward the mountain/rain forest. The four royal service buildings are very close to beech and to the main resort. And, they have there own private adults only pool around maybe 16 or so cabanas that can be reserved by the day. Do that immediately too ... the first couple days you may be on a wait list - they give them away if you don't claim them by 10AM. Basically we beached in in the AM and Cabana'd it in the PM other than the one day we took a tour of the rain forest which is absolutely phenomenal.The main pool was definitely filled with a lot of kids, but the beach was not nor was the private pool.The beach - Due to research on the internet we brought aqua socks which were a must if you wanted to use the beach as opposed to the pools. From what I understand, the beach is a 'natural' beach and can't be groomed. The beach itself and the views were fantastic. There is really two beach areas .. the first being the natural beach which is from the water to boulders that stretch out along the whole beachfron ... this beach was around 10 to 15 feet wide I would say. Then there are the boulders and behind the bolders, between the beach and the resort is what seems to be a man made beach area where a lot of people sunned and played volleyball, etc. The water is absolutely calm, as there is a sandbar maybe 200 yards out where the waves crash. The beach is rocky but with aqua socks, absolutely no problem. the other problem with the beach is the water where there is muich vegetation. However, with aqua socks and good vision (you can see where the vegetation is) you can find good places to swim and I was in the ocean every day having a ball. If we had our kids (now adults) they would have wanted some motorized fun (jet skis) but for us, it was nice and calm and beautiful. We kayaked some days we paddle boated others and just vegetated the rest. We felt no reason to take a cab to any other beach. BRING AQUA SOCKS!Restaurants and food - Breakfast and lunch were buffet - the 'outdoor restaurant was primarily for people who were at the pool and didn't want to put on shorts and shirt.. the indoor restaurants were for everyone else (including a few who didn't care to listen to the rules and came in barefoot and in swimming suit). Buffet was average. Breakfast, if you are an egg eater, have them make you fresh eggs... the scrambled in the buffet were atrocious. Also, I couldn't wait to hit O'hare airport on the way back to get a cup of coffee as there isn't a good cup in Puerto Rico! All in all, breakfast and lunch were good ... only real complaint was lack of fruit which I found surprising. Some days the fruit was out other days it wasn't. Dinner was for the most part above average. Bamboo great - this is the japanese style restaurant where 12 people sit around a table and they prepare the food in front of you. Nice way to meet people and food was great. Romantica was very good but service was slow and slower. Toscano is Italian but buffet style .. they will make whatever kind of pizza you want, or the pasta dish will be made in front of you with whatever ingrediants you want. Wasn't thrilled about a buffet for dinner but I found the food very good here. Avocado is the 'California' style restaurant and we were warned that the food sucked. We were there two nights and the first night the food was very very good - we had fish of the day and second night it was just ok. We did not try the Mexican nor the Caribbean.Royal Service - Helped us out at check in. Helped us out getting reservations to the restaurants. Didn't know where to get ice (machines are not in your building0 so we called and asked where the machines were .. they told us not to worry , that was part of royal service - they would bring us ice. 45 minutes later - no ice. called again... 45 minutes later we left for dinner, still no ice ... never got it. Next day called again ... no ice... called agian and was promised it in 15 minutes... 30 minutes later got a phone call making sure we got it and told them no. finally two differentpeople came with ice. They have robes in the room and if you want to buy one you call and they will send over a new one. On New Years eve, our last night, I decided that I would get one as a souvenier. Called thenumber and no answer. Went to dinner and stopped at royal service lounge .. they told me they would have one sent to room. Never got it... wasn't billed for it either. (By the way - check the tv account summary every now and then ... they charged me $400 by mistake and corrected it by crediting me $300.00. I didn't like their math and called - no problem getting it corrected. Part of royal service was getting a daily newspaper .. despite calls and a personal visit to royal service lounge, I never got it. New Years eve we called and told them what time we needed them to come get our luggage and take it to the shuttle (5:45 AM for a 6AM shuttle) and no one showedup. Finally after two calls, someone came. Neither did the shuttle. Finally at 6:30 they were able to scrounge one up for us and the other family going to the airport. By the way, return trip to airport on New Years day at 6:30 AM was only 30 minutes - no traffic.So, royal service was for the most part frustrating whenever we had to rely on someone to do something.Casino - Yes it is small - but dealers are very friendly and this was our entertainment. Basically the table games they had were roulette, caribbean stud, three card poker, several blackjack tables, late at night they opened a texas holdem table and then there were slots. We knew ging in it was a small casino and didn't have a problem with it although I would have loved it if they had a craps table. Entertainment - Lounge as nice in early evening - a duet with a piano player and a singer. Later a band that could get quite loud. And each night at 10:00 entertainment in the ballroom. We go on a loto f cruises and love going to the shows. We went the second night and lasted 20 minutes... never went back. If you are going for the entertainment - this is not the place to go.All in all, we had an absolutely fantastic time ending with the champaign and fireworks they provided for New Years. Would we go back - in a second. I would get royal service again but knowing now how they act, would stay on them a lot more about getting what I paid for. I would also book another excursion because I was getting antsy by the end. I am not used to totally vegetating and would haveliked another getaway.I forgot about the spa/gym. I can't tell you about the spa, but tthey had a very nice gym which was very busy. Around 6 treadmills, one eliptical, about three exer4ciswe bikes and a lot of weight machines. I should have used the gym more than I did because it definitely wasn't a break even in terms of working out and relaxing with a rum drink - but what the heck - it was vacation!!I have listed my email address and would be glad to answer any questions regarding my experience. Happy New Year!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bugs are everywhere in the Caribbean I stayed at the Paradisus Puerto Rico during New Years. The food was truly five-star category, despite the complaints by other reviews about the lack of a la carte restaurants.The New Year's Eve party was excellent!!The music was wonderful and the food served at El Yunque Ballroom was to rave about. I couldn't get a reservation in El Romantico on Dec. 31 but our family got to eat from El Romantico's menu in the ballroom which was decorated in a festive yet romantic ambiance.It's true service was sometimes slow but not always. It appeared to be due to lack of staffing. That's one problem that can easily be fixed. However, those who did work gave their 100% effort in making sure the guests were satisfied.As for the bug issue, hey let's face it people, those seasoned travelers who frequently visit the Caribbean particularly Puerto Rico know that after it rains or if the weather is extremely muggy, tiny mosquitos will appear around the pool and beach area.But, mosquitos shouldn't be any reason to complain about the resort. In my family's opinion our stay was a memorable one and we will definitely be back! We highly recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in a tropical resort away from the hustle and bustle of the city life.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Harlin
<Content>bring the bug spray It's a beautiful-looking resort, food is passable, Royal Service is the only way to go, but bring the bug spray. So many guests were covered with bites. I was eaten alive.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shouldn't Be Marketed as a 5 Star Resort We stayed at Paradisus from 12/27-1/1. We agree with most of the comments posted. The reservations process was an embarassment. We waited in line the day we got there for 1/2 hour only to be told the 3 a la carte restaurants (which were the only 3 that came somewhat recommended) were booked solid for our whole stay. We were stunned especially after all of the money we spent on the trip and we refused to take no for an answer. We ended up taking the last reservations of the night(9:30 p.m., which didn't get us out of the there some nights until after 11). We did not travel with children so we were a bit more flexible than some others. I can't imagine this type of reservations procedure can go on like this as we saw MANY people complaining and demanding to see the hotel manager. Anyway, the food was so-so and the service was less than that. I agree that it is a result of an all-inclusive deal. They have no motivation or incentive to provide 5 star service. The room was clean and the pool was enjoyable. It did seem a bit spring-break like at times but we sat as far away from the music/mc as we could have. Overall, the weather was beautiful and anything would have been nice leaving NJ in winter time. If you are looking for 5 star service and amenities don't come here. If you want a quick, warm getaway, give it a try--maybe bring some snacks of your own :o)  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>newyorkgal
<Content>Glorious pool. Great service. We just got back from Xmas week at Paradisus and we had a great stay. The most positive feature was the pool. It's just magnificent - absolutely huge and perfect temperature - with zillions of lounges and shaded areas. The food was very good to excellent. Of course, as an all-inclusive, they had their fair share of weird items, but by and large, it was bountiful, fresh, well-prepared and upscale. As for service, we thought it was excellent. We called housekeeping at 1AM and by 1:15AM, they arrived and took care of our issues. We had a medical situation which was handled perfectly. Service at the pool and restaurants was perfectly fine. There are a few negatives to share. Yes, there is a musty smell in some of the rooms. But on the other hand, they're big (with space for a full king and pullout couch and possibly a rollaway too), and the mattresses are wonderful. There are also issues with restaurant reservations. Very slow and your choice of restaurants is not guaranteed.The beach is very beautiful to look out on, and the water sports are fun, but it's not for swimming. And, it's certainly not the place for you if you worship sugar-spun sand. It's just a rocky strip, but as long as you know this upfront, you won't be disappointed.Bring bug-repellant sunblock. There is a gnat problem at dusk.In general, I agree with the reviewer below that there's no reason why this hotel should have gotten so much negative feedback. Some aspects were better than others but by and large, we had a great time.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RockMom
<Content>Paradisus PR - Close To Perfect! I have no idea why so many people found this resort so unappealing. My stay was wonderful during the week of Dec 6-12th, and very empty. We had our choice everyday of lounge chairs and huts at the main pools. We constantly had people trying to service us with their hospitality, and always got a trolley ride to and from the pool/restaurant/lobby area. I guess that's the perks of being a Royal Service guest. Yes, the room was a bit musty smelling upon entering, nothing a little febreeze didn't clear up. Still, the room itself was roomy, and constantly being refreshed/cleaned. The resort itself was amazingly beautiful and clean. The food was OK. If you didn't see these meals as your last suppers, it was passable. Bamboo was fantastic, the food and entertainment. We traveled with children both under 7, and there was a lack of kids club entertainment for them, but the pools more than made up for that, and the beach was steps away, so they could run back and forth and still be supervised. There is pretty much no entertainment to be found, but I knew that going in, and was not too concerned about getting a Broadway performance on a PR Island. Overall, we had a fabulous time, our money ($,$$$) was well spent at this gorgeous resort and we totally enjoyed our stay and would recommend this to all. Oh, take a trip to the rainforest, that too is beautiful.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ihearthawaii
<Content>All it's Not cracked up to be... Just returned from 4 days at Paradisus. Mostly disappointed in all aspects of our stay. Would not return to resort or recommend either. Read reviews here before we went and all were true. Bad food, musty smelling rooms, bugs, lots of walking (no trolley's in sight), uninformed staff about how things work at resort as far as reservations for example, best way to handle reservations (restaurants and spa), extremely slow room service, and casino was the smallest ever. It took forever to/from airport. Not much of a beach at all. Activities and music at pool way too loud if one wanted to rest. The best thing was the warm weather. Otherwise this place was very forgetable.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rick787
<Content>Lack of service and nightlife I had very high expectations from what I had read about the resort in the Internet. I soon discovered things were a bit different. First, the resort is about an hour from the international airport in Isla Verde and transportation is not included to and from the hotel ($120 round trip for 2 adults). The building and the bungalows are very pretty as well as the pool area and the mountain view (it's the rain forest called Yunque that can be seen from the pool area) sadly, the outdoor lobby where the main desk is located is just simply too hot, I was sweating heavy while waiting in line to be checked in (also long line at check out since express check out from room TV was not available) and nobody offered us any refreshment or water, also the desk agents did not look very happy to be working in those conditions. Restaurants are buffet style and a la carte. A la carte restaurants need reservations in advance and if the place is crowded you won't be able to get any reservation during the whole stay. I had a good dinner at Bamboo (japanese) one night but was not able to get in for the rest of my stay. The buffet style restaurants( Caribeno and Toscano) are disappointing to say the least. The main bar was enjoyable and the bartenders gave good service while a lady sang spanish songs, enjoyed that very much and tasted a bit of the national culture talking to locals and watching them dance but this was the only nightlife the hotel offered since they have no live bands or dance club.My biggest complaint was lack of service, employees looked overworked and unhappy, all areas looked understaffed. Concierge was never available during the evening and the front desk was too overwhelmed with guests unable to help us at any time. There is no free shuttle bus to Luquillo Beach which is about 10 minutes from the resort and simply mediocre nightlife inside the resort and not much too do in the municipality or province of Rio Grande where the resort is located (you have no choice but to pay a taxi $140 to enjoy San Juan's exciting nightlife ).  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice sized rooms, but ............ All-inclusives usually are a red flag for me, so our family went to the Paradisus with low expectations. Check-in was painless, and our luggage was delivered to our rooms promptly. We were pleasantly surprised at the nice sized rooms, not royal service but we were an upper floor which I think have larger rooms. It was warm  humid late in November in Puerto Rico, and maybe it's always humid here since the rooms have a slightly moldy smell. All the surfaces  fabrics felt a little sticky  damp from all the moisture in the air. The shower/tub in our room had a slow drain, meaning by the time you got finished with a 10 minute shower you were standing in a foot of water and after you got dressed left the bathroom 5 minutes later the tub still had not drained yet. This problem was made somewhat somewhat better after we complained, instead of 12 inches of water you stood in 2 inches of water.We were a large group so all of our dinner reservations were made months in advance. Bamboo, the japanese hibachi style restaurant was decent. Very limited menu. Toscano - is as horrible as everyone else says it is. Italian buffet without even one decent italian dish. Only edible food item here was the cookies  cream ice cream which - thank goodness came ready to eat from Breyer's. The service was the worst here. Avocado buffets for breakfast  lunch were good bets. Did not have dinner here, but I think it's always buffet style regardless of the meal. Romantico has an ambitious menu, and the menu descriptions raise your expectations for the food. The food was decent but certainly does not deserve a rating much above Bamboo. Ask about the policy for young children at Romantico, this restautant is supposed to be Paradisus' premiere dining place so they discourage very young children from eating there. Most alcoholic beverages are included in the stay rate, but there are premium liquors  wines that can be obtained for an extra cost. I personally did not eat at the Mirador Grill buffet by the pool, the children in our group were ok with it since they had burgers, but the adults in our group catergorized the food at the grill as slop.Silly one towel per guest policy at the pool, and you had to remember to bring your towel card with you to the pool in order to receive a towel. Many lounge chairs had black mold on them. Invisible biting sand flies or something in great abundance by the pool areas and in the grass by the beach. I have been back from Puerto Rico over a week and am still scratching at 75 -100 bites. Front desk management/service was great. Support staff service, ex. waiters, housekeeping, bartenders, etc...., were not so good, we suppose because of the nature of all-inclusives there isn't any incentive for the staff to put in any more effort than is absolutely necessary.All in all, we had a nice time because of the company we were with. On a scale of 1-10 to rate the resort itself on everything from food, to service, to amenities for the price we paid, I would give Paradisus-Puerto Rico a 5. If the rooms were a little less spacious I would give the resort a 4.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tattooyou
<Content>Not impressed After 15 years of marriage this has only been our 2nd vacation. After saving for some time we were very excited about this trip and hoped that it was paradise. The resort was beautiful.....but the service was not what we had expected. The rooms smelled musty like you were in an old basement. The pool is only open from 8 to 6.....no night swimming. If you have kids there are no night time activities for them. My daughter(15) and I wanted to go to the spa for some a special day of pampering. The spa was not able to accommodate the both of us together for manicures and pedicures. They could only do 2 manicures and one pedicure, each seperately. All meals are buffet with 3 nights of ala carte at restraunts made by reservations. On our 3rd night the restraunt was closed and we were never advised. When it is off season you only have the option of eating at one restraunt which is buffet style. The Manager did make up for it by preparing anything we wanted but for the amount of $ we paid to stay there I don't thingk that they should penalize us for going during off season. The day we left we had made arrangements for the concierge to pick up our luggage and bring to the shuttle bus. They never came so we had to drag our luggage from our room to the bus which was quite a distance. I will end by saying that we read a lot of this before leaving on trip advisor but thought that we would see for ourselves. I will rely on trip advisor more often in the future.....and will not return to this resort unless they drastically improve!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont Go There I have traveled all over the world including England, France, Germany, Austria, Italy, Jamaica, Israel, and many others countries and destinations - both for pleasure and for business. Recently, I traveled to Puerto Rico for a family holiday vacation, and I stayed at Paradisus with my entire family and my in-laws. In my entire life I have never stayed in such a terrible place. If I could I would not even give it one star, but I can't. After one day in paradise I had so many bug bites that my youngest son thought I had the chicken pox. He was actually frightened that I would get sick and die. Try explaining that to a six-year-old. The pool was passable, it only scared me a when guests began spilling beer in the pool and nobody on staff seemed to care. The beds were adequate until the bugs living in them came out and ate you alive. The bathtub was outside and I am still perplexed about why someone would design an outdoor bathtub at a family resort that was open to public view. At first I did not care, however, an old woman came up to me while I was bathing (because I had no choice) and asked me how I was doing. I was flabbergasted. Also, there is no beach to speak of; there is an ocean with rocks surrounding it. The food could not have been worse. Mc Donalds was like heaven compared to the horrible food that came out of that kitchen. I went to camp for 11 years and I have never had subjected to worse food - and I had to pay for it. The service was an issue on its own. Don't get me started. It took three hours to order aslice of toast. The only positive thing about the hotel were the movies in the room.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay but had a few problems I just returned from a short stay at Paradisus. I thought the hotel was very beautiful, the lobby is gorgeous, the pool is great and the grounds are very well kept. The service is a bit slow but I didnt think it was horrible. I got room service and it took about 45 minutes. They wouldnt let us make reservations for any of the restaurants and I complained about that because when you walked by the restaurants were only half full. The food was okay, the drinks were good (they put plenty in and it wasnt watered down at all) The room was big and very comfortable. The bed was very nice and not hard at all. Our shower broke one day and they were out in 5 minutes to fix it. I was very nervous to stay here after I read the reviews but it is nowhere as bad as people say.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bewear of Paradise My stay at the Paradisus was fine untill we had to eat.The food ----! If you are looking to lose weight I suggest you come here. It was also fine untill I was bitten by tons of bug. I looked like I had the chicken pox. The beach has rocks all over so make sure to wear shoes. The pool was nice. I once ordered toast off room service and it took them 2 and a half hours to bring it. The service was terrible. The best part was the outside bath. Somebody was come and put all these salts and bubles in it. But if cource you had to wait 2 hours before the guy came to do it.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed At I am a discerning traveler who has stayed at many fine hotels around the world. Upon arriving at the Paradisus the day before Thanksgiving, I was shown to the grill where lunch is served. The food was in large, unsanitary vats and looked as if it had just been reheated as if it were a school cafeteria. I was so repulsed by the food that I asked for a grilled cheese, which I received ten minutes later. It was two pieces of cold toast with frozen American cheese in the center. Almost instantly, I began to be attacked by swarms of no-see-ums, making my body appear like I had a severe case of the chicken pox. When I went to the room, I ordered food from room service, only to find that the room service menu was limited and takes about two hours to arrive. Although the hotel claims to be all inclusive, they charged me $25 for an order of fresh strawberries. Although there are five restaurants, it is nearly impossible to get reservations at the Romantico and the Bamboo, the only remotely decent restaurants; the food is fit for prisoners. There are three pools at this property. At the main pool, one must present a towel card in order to get a towel which is a major inconvenience, and irritating music is played from a large speaker. The golf course looks like a swamp, and is practically unplayable.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a let down. We had the wonderful chance to visit Puerto Rico, although the wonderful part was not the Paradisus. The rooms (junior suite) appeared to be clean and was nicely appointed, except for the strong musty smell. The sheets on the bed still felt damp and the closet and phone smelled like someone was performing a science experiment growing mold spores on them.The resort is quite far from anything so there is no sight seeing or other restaurants to go to. Believe me, you will want to find different places to eat, especially if you want to try the local Puerto Rican flavor. (Suggest a caf茅 called Spangilsh in Old San Juan)Upon our late arrival, (9:45 p.m. after traveling 11 hours from Seattle, WA) we wanted to sit down to a nice steak dinner. We attempted to go to 3 of their restaurants, and were either told we needed reservations (when clearly there were open tables; Avocado) or they were closing and we needed to go to one of the other restaurants. We made the mistake of going to the Itallian restaurant. We would have been better to skip the buffets. We choked down a wilted cesar salad, some soup and a little wine, then went back to the room, where we ordered room service. We rather enjoyed the burger and BLT wrap from room service, mainly because we were so hungry. Anyway, I could go on an on, but if you read the other reviews, you will get an EXACT picture of this resort;Property is lovely, especially the pool area.Food is substandard at best.Service was poor, but for some specific exceptions (Royal Service room personnel)Traditional Beach is non-existent.Very little to at night.Way too far from any other offerings of Puerto Rico.All inclusive does not include quite a bit. (E.g., any spa treatments, or transportation to San Juan, etc.)Tipping is expected if you want any kind of service.So, if you ask would you go back? I would say yes, but would stay somewhere in San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing In Paradise The Place is Great !! I have traveled to many resorts and have been on a few cruises but this place is the best , the grounds are perfect the staff is great and a special thanks to the people mentioned Lillybell the Pool attendent was always on time with the drinks , Jorge the Casino Host was the most pleasent Pit Boss i come across in all my gambling days his famous line is  you dont know where your going till you get there  Andres in the Romantico should be a Matrade in a NYC Famous Restaurant He Knows how to make you feel right at home and to the guys at the Front Desk thanks for helping me get my Ring Delivered from San Juan with just a moments notice! If you are planing a trip its a must go place to stay !!! I cant wait to get back !!! Remember take care of the People who Take care of you !!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>currybro
<Content>what to do?               
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cat89
<Content>Beautiful resort We stayed from 10/22/05-10/26/05. The rooms were modern and spacious. The refridgerator was stocked with bottled water and soda. The pool was fabulous. There weren't too many choices at the buffet for breakfast or lunch, but dinner was excellent, especially the hibaci at the japenese restaurant and the beef at the el romantico. We took a tour of the rainforest (15 minutes away) that was interesting for $45 each. The only problem was I was bit all over by some small bugs by the pool bar that I think came out of the grass. Also, nighttime is a little boring, the casino is small. Overall, the Paradisus is a very nice place to stay,especially if you are just want to relax. I would definitely stay at another Paradisus in the future.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice, but isolated Nice property, needs a lot of work to keep it up to top standards and things are slipping already. Confusing airport transportation service with 10 minute delay due to misinformed staff. My in room safe was locked when I arrived. Condensation on marble floors has to be pointed out before staff take action even after I saw them nearly slip as I did. Little things that says to me a year or two from now this place will need help. A bit sad to be so far from the action. I would only return if I am told I have to as was the case with my stay for a work off site. Food only OK, but hamburgers are good. Bars have cheap brands of liquor, some I never heard of. Rooms too far away but with luck I saw the tram go by 25% of the time. I was glad to leave though. This is not paradise. It is a good try that does not make it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't go off season My boyfriend and I went this Oct. I didn't know but this is off season. This was OK because the resort was pretty much ours.The property is absolutely beautiful, the rooms are clean everything is maintained very nice. The one good thing about the resort not being fully booked was I asked if they could upgrade our room to Royal Service and they did at no additional cost:) But like other reviews I read- during off season they do close restaurants, there is less staff and the rooms are far from the pool and restaurant/bars and that tram car was NEVER seen. While we were there it rained in the morning so they closed the pool bar all day--even though it cleared up somewhat (keeping in mind this is one of 2 bars). I don't think they would have done these things if they were full. And I didn't pay any less because it wasoff season  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the place to stay during Celebrity Sports Invitational Last summer, my husband and I decided to take an 8-day all inclusive trip to Paradisus Resort prior to his deployment to the Middle East for 12 months. We paid over $5,000 for a royal service rooom, and happened to arrive the same day that the Celebrity Sports Invitational (CSI) began. For the 5 days of our trip that overlapped with the CSI, the services available were limited to almost nonexistent to individuals who were not part of the event. The entire 8 days we were there, we were forced to eat at the same restaurant for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, as all other restaurants, excluding the 2 restaurants open for reservations only, were only open for celebrity events. In addition, on Friday evening, the large pool and beach area was closed off completely to guests who were not part of the CSI.My husband and I complained to the royal service staff and to the General Manager, and although they were concerned about our unpleasant stay and frequently checked on us, nothing changed.If it would have not been for the excitement of seeing all the celebrities, my husband and I would not have had a pleasant trip. The tours available through the hotel are limited and short, and other than hanging out at the bar or the extremely small, 1-room casino at night, there was absolutely NOTHING to do there....no events for the non-celebrities at all.In addition, although the restaurants were clean, the menu/buffet was limited and pretty much offered the same food every single day. Furthermore, room service was very limited and took exceptionally long for delivery.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>**Truly Paradise**       Sunset  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Paradisus I stayed at the Paradisus for 4 nights. It felt like paradise to me. My room was well appointed, high ceilings, eating area, good sized bathroom. My initial reaction was Nice, very nice!. The service could not have been better. Mostly young folks, very helpful, friendly, pleasant and professional. The grounds and the pool are to die for. At night the open air common areas are lighted by candles and strategically placed lamps. It has a surreal effect, again, quite lovely. The food served buffet style was fine. The only buffet food I ever had that was above average was at West Point, The Thayer hotel. Other than there, most buffets to me are for satisfying hunger and not much more. Though I wouldn't describe the a la carte restaurants as gourmet they were, in my opinion, above average. I was pleased. The dining experience was close to being top notched. The beach is less than so so but I knew that so I wasn't surprised. If this resort had a better beach it would be heaven on earth.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TVI
<Content>Paradisus needs good Management but grounds are beautiful and help is nice       Lobby Bar  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I have had fun everywhere in the world except..... In order to properly present a clear and unambiguous evaluation of the resort I have broken my review down into a series of sub topics.1) Bedrooms - I stayed in a exceptionally clean bedroom that contained 2 queen size beds and a suprisingly comfortable pull out couch. However, getting clean towels was extremely difficult and at times i found myself forced to use clean undershirts as towels because the staff and front desk was so unresponsive to my requests for fresh towels. I also made the mistake of trying room service which was fine if your able to eat disgusting deli meat or enjoy a portion of 4 over cooked buffalo wings.2) Pool - The pool was gorgeou, spacious and suprsingly clean. Although my feet were covered in disgusting corking I didn't mind cleaning them after I got out of the pool because at least the water was clean (to the naked eye). I did enjoy the swim up bar until I was struck in the face by a young adult with a ball who thought it would be funny to hit someone with a drink. By the way if you can't swim dont go in the pool till saturday because the pools aren't protected till then.3) Nightlife - If you like going to bed early and being surrounded by locals and drug dealers than you are in for a treat. The most exciting part of the nightlife at this resort was seeing that nobody was having fun.4) Restaurants - They are all equally bad, but some have nicer staff than others. I ate at the Bamboo restaurant 4 times I enjoyed the food but found myself to only have a good time when I was able to finish off my mandatory 3 bottles of wine per meal. Drinking to create sanity is never something that should be a necessity on vacation.By the time you get to the hotel you will realize its too late to go back. Enjoy the beach while you can, seating for 6 on a beach sometimes can get really crowded. However, by the end of the week I found myself laughing hysterically at the situations around me and realized that I did have fun.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Aristah23
<Content>Overpriced for an average resort..more like a 4 star This review is kinda longer but worth the read. I am an avid recreational vacationer who usually stays at 4-5 star properties that are AI. I'm not super-picky, all I ask is that I get my $$$ worth. I stayed at the Paradisus during July 2005. We went as a family of 6 and went with the Royal Service. For a vacation that cost us $15K, it definitely wasn't worth it. I saw NO difference between the usual guest and the Royal guest (besides the use of a lounge and a pool that my 8 year old couldn't use anyway). The food was just OK...not gourmet. The restaurants seem to be understaffed. When you ask someone a question, you'll get 6 different answers. I had to make several calls to housekeeping, and Royal Service just to get enough towels. I was on the phone at the least twice a day asking for something (the minbar was never refilled and I never had enough bath towels). The rooms were absolutely beautiful and the grounds are amazing. The staff at the Royal Lounge tried their best to help you out but senior management seemed unresponsive to guest problems. When I checked in, I was told that one of the oceanview royal suites I booked was not available and they insisted that I never booked an oceanview to begin with. After proving my case with documentation from my travel agent, they believed me but couldn't get me the room. I opted for a refund for the difference b/w the rooms and was told that I'd get a letter of refund at the end of my stay to show my travel agent. As if that letter was ready for me upon departure! I had TO WAIT for the letter to be drafted while my airport transfer waited for me! The butler service was OK and it seemed like I'd get problems resolved faster by making the calls myself. What did I pay extra for? As for reservations at the restaurants, I really didn't have much of problem (the resort was fairly empty for the most part of my stay). On the weekends, they allow locals to use the pool area (which is totally inappropriate). If you want to go into town, open your wallet! It cost almost $30pp to get into town via shuttle. And if you want to go to the rainforest (which you can see from the resort...that's how close it is) is $50pp. Speaking of being ripped off, the cherry on the cake of this vacation was when I received my cell bill when I got home I found unauthorized calls to Dominican Republic on my phone while I was there! Apparently someone in housekeeping helped themselves to my hidden cell phone to call their family! HIDE YOUR CELL PHONES IN THE SAFE OR TAKE THEM WITH YOU! This resort has much room for improvement. Perhaps I'll go back when they get their act together. If you get a good deal on this resort, I'd try it. Otherwise, it's not worth the $$$$$$$$$  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Weddingmooners
<Content>The Pardisus Diet! You'll starve yourself here!The food was horrendous. It was tolerable at two at the restaurants but both times we tried to go eat there it was booked. I had to escalate to the senior manager and only then we had a couple of steaks delivered to our room from one of the restaurants.Bartenders were somewhat rude and unmotivated.The place is nice and the pool is nice but it seemed like there were a bunch of locals that swarmed the pool in the day and the bars at night.Not very exclusive.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All around nice, but has some problems       Grounds  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation My wife and I and our two children just got back and had a wonderful time, if you can't have a great time here you probably wouldn't be satisfied anywhere!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadaianbird
<Content>Concrete Bed!!! I visited the Paradisius in Puerto Rico for a 1 week convention in Feb of 2004. The resort itself is beautiful and extremely well kept. The week was ruined however by the poor quality beds which where extremely hard. We where staying with over 100 other guests and the lousy beds where the topic of conversation at most meals. When we asked for a different room due to the beds, the staff told us the beds where all the same and we should complain to the manager. They also said the beds are the biggest complaint they have and seemed annoyed to hear it again. They encouraged me to write to the parent company which I did, but recieved no response. I also left a message for the manager the first night but he never contacted me. I would suggest at the price of this resort that you stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation in Paradise After reading earlier reviews my husband and I were reluctant on keeping our reservations from July 11 to the 15th. But we decided to give it a try and see what happened. Well I must admit that we had one of the best vacations we ever had while staying at the Paradisus in Puerto Rico. The grounds are absolutely beautiful. The food was good (never had a problem getting reservations where they were required). The variety of food was excellent and the presentation was impressive. The staff was very friendly and try to please you. The room was very nice, we had an ocean view with the jacuzzi. The casino was small but fun. In the evening there is live music. They definitely keep the resort spotless. In the evening there are hundreds of candles buring with many pool and fountains throughout the lobby and sitting areas. The pools are magnificent. We did gave the Royal Service and when we go back we would do the same thing again. It was worth the extra cost. We are so glad we kept our reservations and are already looking forward to our return visit next year.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kaneforgov
<Content>Overpriced and underserviced I recently stayed at the San Juan Paradisus on a business related trip and overall I would have to say I was extremely disappointed with the experience. I found the service lacking, the food unexciting and the entertainment boring and unprofessional. For the prices they charge, they should be delivering more of a 4 star experience.Details:- Check in- Although I had to wait about 45 minutes for my room (I arrived before check in time), the Royal Services receptionists were very nice and accommodating. My butler took me by trolley to my room and was attentive. However, I did not see him again for the rest of my stay. - Rooms- The rooms were nice with the usual upscale hotel room accommodations. Nothing particularly special. Pools- Very nice, particularly the Royal Service pool. I was there in the middle of the week and the pools (and the resort in general) seemed to be only about 20% full. I鈥檓 told that weekends bring a lot of locals and the pools can get quite crowded. The Royal Service pool attendant gave the best service we experienced. - Restaurants- For an all-inclusive, there was a profound lack of selection and the food was average at best. Buffets were not particular large and selection was very limited. The stir-fry or pasta station was 15 people deep with a 20 minute for a cooked to order dish. In a waited restaurant this would be acceptable but not at a buffet. Much of the buffet food was cold and some did not seem fresh. My group of 10 requested a 7PM reservation at Romantico and was told they could only accommodate us at 6:40. Fine, we arrived at 6:40 to and empty restaurant that wasn鈥檛 near half full at 7:00. Why couldn鈥檛 they have just honored our 7PM request? The food at Romantico was good but there just wasn鈥檛 enough of it. Portions were ridiculously small. (2 escargot appetizer, 4 very small lamb chops, a sliver of cake.) I was hungry after dinner. There is no food option on the beach like the sandwich shack you find in other all- inclusives. Room service is a joke. Very limited menu with tiny portions. Three of four in my party told me they ordered room service when they got back to their rooms (still hungry after dinner) and after 45 minutes their orders were delivered incorrectly.Service- While they seem to try, my impression was they just don鈥檛 really know what good service is. (i.e.- staff going above and beyond to exceed your needs and ensure you have a memorable stay). They do the minimum amount possible to deal with you or your situation and then move you on. Sometimes we weren鈥檛 even told the truth in their attempt to move us on. My impression is that the service is fine until there is a problem or a challenge and then they simply don鈥檛 want to deal with it. I found this with the concierge, front desk, bellmen, bars and in the restaurants. For the rates they charge, they should have a better attitude. They should drown you in service and go out of their way to make you feel special.Entertainment- Other than a cheesy lounge singer and the casino, there is none. Overall: a disappointment. For these rates at a supposed 4-star hotel you should get the feeling that they want to make you happy. The food should be abundant and higher quality. I will not be returning.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great potential but falls short Great potential; but the resort falls short of being even a four-star property. Some very simple adjustments could bring this resort up several notches.....improve the food! And figure out what is wrong with the reservation system for dining and fix it! Have some simple, fun evening activities; like bingo with a bottle of rum for the prize. Have it before or after the dinner hour and have it in the bar next to the casino or in the lobby. People would love to have something to do; there is nothing to do around the dinner hour. Have an mc and do an audience-involved type of show. The bar next to the casino is virtually empty, and could be a good place to have some type of activity, or maybe even the lobby area. This hotel could be great; just put in a little effort to raise it to truly be a five star property.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beachlvr123
<Content>Potential to be a 5* but not yet there... Senior management unresponsive First a little background, husband and I are 36  40. We are professionals who travel 5-6 times per year to locations near and far (Italy, Greece, Croatia, the Caribbean, Mexico, Hawaii etc) and stay at high end resort and hotels. We are avid cruisers, fitting in one or two cruises per year, mostly on premium or luxury level cruise lines (Radisson, Seabourn, Princess, Celebrity). I write this review in order to share my experiences with those that visit this forum for truthful and useful information. These are observations of my experience My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in June from the 25-30; at the suggestion of many tripadvisor posters we paid the extra $$ and got the Royal Service. I don't know if it was worth the extra $$ because we did not speak with any others who were not in RS (not by choice) it just seemed everyone we ran into was in the RS area.I won't go into too much detail about the grounds as others have done a great job of that on this site already, sufice it to say, the grounds are spectacular. The pools (both Royal Sevice and main pool) are beautiful, the beach is kept natural and clean (and many many times we were the only ones there so it is private and peaceful as well). The rooms are quite spacious and for the most part comfortable (more on this later)The staff we encountered were, mostly, helpful; of course you will encounter the employee who won't be helpful in any situation this is not the resorts fault it just is the way some people are. I will add that tipping was definitely expected any and everywhere we went. How much and how often you tipped certainly paid a great part in how good your service was.Overall, I have no major complaints about the resort staff or grounds. My issues:BATH TOWELS- were threadbare and had holes in them on more than one occasion (i would not have made a point to speak with management for one isolated incident) In deference to the staff in Royal Service they attempted to resolve this issue (i was there when they called) but two days later nothing had been done the dirty robes were still in our room and the towels with holes were still being placed in our room. Maybe housekeeping took offense to getting a call from Royal Service?? I don't know but i am sure if the general manager had called this would problem would have been resolved and quickly.SHEETS- had holesBATHROBES-one had a huge coffee stain runing up one whole sleeve, the other had numeorus stains all over.NIGHTLY TURN DOWN SERVICE -only happened once during our stay.RESTAURANTS-Paradisus tout themselves as having 6 restaurants; of these six there were only two open during the day (one really and it is buffet). This would not be a big deal if you had some variety in the food, but both areas (they are not really separate restaurants but two connected areas with different names) had the same things day in and day out and it was usually picked over and poorly presented. I swear if I had to eat fried chicken one more time I was going to cluck! There was no variety even for dessert, Flan, Chocolate cake, ice cream.Evenings were not that much better- Romantico we ate here two times during our stay not so much becasue the food was good but because the other choice Bamboo was so bad (more on this later).Avocado-(which actually had good food), was only open twice during our stay (and we were not able to get in the first day because they were booked . All the restaurants were supposedly booked yet we saw 10 tables at Romantico sit empty for over two hours while we had our dinner. This is not counting the tables that were left uncleaned throughout the night. and yes Romantico was booked the night we were there .Bamboo-was a bad hibachi experience which might have been saved if the staff at Bamboo had offered some information on the sushi and appetizers available in the other room (even though we and another couple waited 45+ minutes at our table with nothing to eat before our show began). I believe I saw desserts on the menu but I could not tell you anything about them because after waiting 1/2 hour after our meal no one came to ask if we wanted any we all left. Poor restaurant management? maybe, sneaky expense management? more likely.My observation was that corners were being cut in the food department and many many people were unhappy about it. Unfortunately, none of the people I asked with said they had or planned to complain. The staff was without a clue, asking 5 of them what restaurant was opened on any given day resulted in 5 different answers (sadly all wrong). Spa-Overpriced for the service which was ho hum, nothing to write home about but certainly nothing to complain about. Again tips were defintely expectedCar rental- we reserved a car week before we arrived, we checked once at the resort on Monday she confirmed that she indeed had our reservation for the Thursday returning to the airport. On the Wednesday we went to the Avis counter to check on our car (we had nothing to do) only to find out that they had no cars for us becasue they were short in SJU airport so they took all the vehicles. Now we were stranded! the only suggestion teh woman had was that she could refer us to a local rental agency but they only had one location so we would have to bring it back to them! so what good was this doing us! upon bringing this to the attention of Royal Service staff i was told that for $60 they could have the shuttle bring us to the airport to pick up a car. So now we have to pay $60 on top of the $60 per day the car was costing us just to leave this place! the least the should have done was to comp us the shuttle to the Avis counter at the airport. My biggest complaint? Lack of response from Sr. management These issues mentioned above could have easily been resolved by the manager whom we attempted to speak with on several occasions to no avail. It is so surprising to me that a hotel general manager would ask to hear their guests' comments and even take the time to respond to these Tripadvisor reviews but when presented with the opportunity to resolve a valid issue first hand before it gets to a review point; can be so totally clueless. Had Mr Lapp taken the ten minutes or to speak with us and listen to what we had to say I am sure he would have felt as did his other management personnel (who did attempt to to resolve these issues to no avail) that this was not acceptable anywhere in the world but even less in an alleged 5* resort. We paid good money to stay here, we were asking for nothing more than what we paid for, the quality were were promised and the quantity were were promised; 6 restaurants, clean robes non threadbare towels and sheets with no holes. We were not looking to get more than we paid for, but we were certainly looking to get what we were promised! Beware if you choose to stay here, bring lots of $$ for tip and your own robes/towels.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had potential, but certainly not there yet. My husband and I just returned from a four-night stay at the Paradisus. When we first arrived, we were very pleased. The resort is beatifully decorated and the pool is lovely. However, our excitement was short-lived! Our room smelled dank and moldy (so much so that my luggage and all my clothes smelled like it when we got home), and the toilet was not working properly. Our sheets had stains on them and the bed was not very comfortable at all.After spending about 30 minutes at the pool, we had had enough! The hotel overbooked the rooms due to a convention that weekend (we were told by a staff member that there were more than 4 people staying in a lot of rooms). The pool was extremely crowded and got dirty quickly - the guests were leaving plastic cups and straws throughout the pool area and they were floating around the water. The staff did try to clean it up but there was just way too many people for them to keep up. It was also impossible to get a drink at the bar, and when you were finally waited on, they were often out of whatever it was you wanted. The bartenders also seemed put out to take your drink orders. If the beach was beautiful, I would have been just as happy to spend the day there, but as another guest had said, it was non-existent. What little sand they had was covered in broken rocks, making it impossible to walk along and shallow water was covered in patches of sea-weed, making it impossible to swim in.The restaurants were mediocre at best. Romantico was the best food by far, however they classify themselves as fine dining and fancy with their dress code. They will not, under any circumstance, allow a male to dine in their restaurant with shorts on. My husband and I went to dinner, he was dressed in pressed khaki shorts and a button-down shirt and they would not allow him in the dining room until he put long pants on. This would be fine if this was their rule, however, they classified ripped, baggy jeans as long pants. While they would not let us in, they were allowing guests in baggy, ripped jeans, white tank tops and sneakers to eat in their dining room - fancy restaurant, I think not! One of the better nights we had was spent ordering cheeseburgers from room service to avoid the noisy crowds in the lobby and restaurants. This, too, was short lived, as the cable for the second night in a row was not working. After we complained and suggested they allow us to order a free movie they did, which was the right way to handle the situation. However, we got about half way through the film and that shut off, and was out for the rest of the evening.As I said, the resort itself was beautiful, but they need to improve their hospitality skills. There is no way this resort is a five-star, I would like to meet the person that rated it and find out how stained sheets, mediocre service, dirty pools and mildew stained lounge chairs can ever be classified as five star.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jrfalso
<Content>Paradisus- Locals only club Five star resort, I think they do not know the meaning of 5 star. They need to have management /staff stay at a real 5 star resort such as The Ritz and take notes. Do not go for more than 3 days, you will be bored out of your mind!At first we were nervous because the Paradisus was off a main highway that thankfully led to the ocean. We relieved when we got out of the $60 per person shuttle (TOTAL RIP, $30 more reasonable) and arrived at the lobby. I will make this report short and sweet. I only stay at 4/5 star resorts when we travel.-The hotel ammenities were very nice. Marble floors and nice decor as far as having a drink in the lobby( antique furniture etc). -The rooms were nice, but mine smelled like a public bathroom. There was a stench that was not very pleasant. The maid service was good, no quams.- Could not get reservations at their gourmet eatery's, they said they were booked! Are you kidding me, I payed this much money for an all inclusive and I cannot eat where I want? Ridiculous, happened on more than one night!- The grounds were nice and well kept. - Good place if you like chaos, tons of kids and locals are welcome to pay a minimal fee to use the pool and resort facilities. Was soo crowded with locals on the weekend. This is suppose to be an exclusive resort, not even close.- There was nothing 5 star about the service! The bar tenders would serve their local buddies before they served customers. It was pathetic, you wait at the bar and they walk past you 4 times without serving you. Seemed like the staff was miserable except for a few nice people. Basically, if you are not from Puerto Rico you will not get any attention from the staff.- The food was ok if you can get a reservation, nothing gourmet as they proclaim. Romantico was actually good, the others were buffet style. Bamboo is a hyped up Benni Hanna, but they call it Asian Fusion ( there is no fusion). Paradisus likes to hype up most of their services, they are trying to hard to be something they are not - 5 star! - Cable was out for two days, not the hotels fault but atleast they can apologize. They did offer us a free movie which cut off half way through playing.- If you want a beach area, this is not the place to go. Big mistake by this resort, they should work on their beach area. It is all Rocks and little sand, could make the hotel alot better.- Pool was nice, except on Saturdays when all of the locals and their kids take over. Ridiculous, if you proclaim to be 5 star then act like it and remain exclusive. I paid alot of money to go there, these locals do not! Bartenders at the pool bar serve their buddies first, then eventually get around to paying customers. They were rude and had no etiquette, they need to get a clue!* All in all, Paradisus has along way to go! There is no way Paradisus is a 5 star resort, more like 3.5. They have to realize that it is not just the grounds that make a 5 star resort, but more importantly the service..which is a far cry from other 5 stars. Beware! I may sound like a pick tourist, but when I pay alot of money I expect good service! I will not go back or would I recommend this place to anyone. Hopefully they will get their act together.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice place but I think I will look someplace else. This is for anyone wanting to stay at Paradisus. When we arrived at the airport we were pleasantly surprised to meet our transportation even before we recieved our luggage. I was concerned prior if we may have had to call someone and wait at the airport till the bus would arrive. Our ride was pleasant and we were offered soft drinks to cleanse our palate`s. The ride is about 50 minutes till you enter in the first gate. When we pulled up we noticed the golf course looks wonderful to play but we did not. As we approached the resort we were quite impressed with the beautiful flowers and open lobby. We checked in and were escorted by a trolley to our room. The view of the ocean was wonderful, ask for second floor to enhance your view. I did not go for Royal service because of the cost. The room was excellent bed absolutley comfortable. The bathroom clean and above average in space. My wife immediatley started to unpack and store our valuables in the safe. We were quite happy. We walked to the pool area and again just like everybody stated wonderful. The lobby and bar area were quite comfortable especially after dinner sitting on beautiful furniture and low light and very restfull. The people who work there are very friendly as well. The bar had a fair amount of brand name liquor but I was quite content sipping on a rum punch.  The pool top notch excellent seating and umbrella`s and lounges in the pool as well. The bar was easy to get drinks and very helpful as well.  The beach was natural but I am a Jersey beach nut and found it would very uncomfortable to swim and lay out on when you have a pool that is so nice. So we only went to the beach to take a ride on the sailboat. My biggest complaint was the food. Breakfast was served buffet style and everything and I mean everything was cold bacon, eggs, pancakes, potatoes, But there was a way to get around that order on omlette from the cooking station and eat fruit. The fruit was excellent and plentiful. Lunch was ok. But dinner was a disaster especially at Romatico my wife had veal and it was terrible. I felt that we had to leave quickly after this and we went to Tuscano for desert that was fine. We had no problems getting reservations for any place. The Japanese Steakhouse was good. Tuscano was good for desert but for dinner poor. This was our first vacation in 12 years and my expectations were high. I liked somethings and did not like others. All in all the people made it fun but food took that away from us. Would I go back there again I do not think so. But it`s the price that sways you.We stayed there June 22 thru June 26 R Lewis New Jersey.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, not thrilling, but nice This was our second trip to a Paradisus resort. Our first was in Punta Cana and it was AWESOME! The Paradisus Puerto Rico is just as nice and well taken care of but the beach is a mess, and not much of a beach to speak of. Our room was great, the staff was great the pools and spa were beautiful. Our biggest complaint was the restaurants, during our three night stay there were only three places to choose from. For the high price we paid for the trip I expect alot more. The food at the three was okay at best. I can't say a bad thing about the place or the staff, but the food needs some serious help. My advise, go to the Paradisus in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some good points - some not so good I spent June 5 - 11 with my wife and 4 year old daughter at Paradisus and this is the second all-inclusive we've been to (the first was Iberostar Tucan in Playa del Carmen, Mexico - a true 4 -5 star resort). What really needs to be done is break down the categories and rate them. Price - 3 out of 5 stars - We were very satisfied with the cost even after upgrading to the Royal Service - which is a must.Service - 4 out of 5 starsWe upgraded to the Royal Service. If you are are not a Royal Service guest, the service will be poor. We were mistaken for non-RS guests and had to wait 45 minutes for someone to come to our room and get our luggage. Most employees were very nice - especially those assigned to RS guests. The resort was fairly empty so we were moved to a ocean front suite immediately.Food - 1 out of 5 stars The website states 5 star cuisine - not even close. You must make reservations to avoid the toscana and carribean grill. Avacado was only open 1 night ( we were there 6 nights) - The Bamboo the japanese fusion (which is really just a hibachi steak house) was open, but the staff never told us there was an appetizer menu with sushi and sashimi on it. Pretty lame not to do that. The Italian buffet style Toscana was horrible and the carribean buffet was only a little better. This place is not kid friendly in terms of food. The outdoor grill and eating area was never open when we were there so it was either eat inside after having to change your wet swimsuit, or eat lunch outside in 90 degree heat/100 percent humidity away from the shore with no breeze. Also there are no kids allowed in Romantico the French restaurant - thus eliminating another choice for our family. So for 5 of 6 nights, there were only 2 restaurants available to us.Beverages were plentiful and readily available - house wines were drinkable. There really was no afternoon snacks - all deep fried food.Beach - NONE no starsA dead reef surrounds the swimming area and although quite beautiful in a natural sort of way...the water is not what you would expect from Puerto Rico. Swimmable and clean, but not pleasant. No snorkeling. Catamaran, kayaking and paddle boats were fun though. Ground and Pool - Pool is great - grounds excellent 4 out of 5 starsKid friendly - 0 out of 5 starsThe Kids club is a small playground. There is no staff to organize any activities - except adult aquarobics - There is a baby sitter available if you need it.Activity packages - 0 out of 5 starsSince Paradisus is 50 minutes - 1 hour from San Juan with no traffic (and not the 35 minutes the website boasts) Most excursions outside the resort cost $60 - $100 per person. We rented a car for $60 and went on our own. Driving is no problem. The only kiosk is an AVIS rental (which is funny - because the resort package we purchased included a large discount for HERTZ - so if you took the resorts shuttle - you couldn't rent-a-hertz! ) Definitely do the rain forest and old san juan. If you rent a car an need to park it over night, you get charged $15 to park your car at the resort you're staying at! That was unbelieveable. The Spa is way over priced - even for a resortRoom - 4 out of 5 stars - Room was beautiful with a jacuzzi on the balcony - though there are no doors or any separation between the 2 rooms of the suite. View was lovely from the balcony.Oh by the way, we left an old worthless SLR automatic camera at the restaurant one night...never to be seen again - no one turned it in...good thing I didn't leave our digital camera.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must visit Paradise, I mean, Paradisus My wife and I just came back from 4 nights at Paradisus Puerto Rico and had an amazing time. We have travelled and stayed at luxury resorts in the past, and we had a great experience here. I was certainly concerned before going after reading some of the earlier reviews, but for the most part was pleased.Pros: The resort setting is gorgeous. The grounds were well kept with plants and flowers. It was clean.The main pool was fantastic. Despite many people in the pool, it was large enough were you could find your own quiet corner. Swim up bar and partially submerged lounge chairs were a plus.The covered cabanas were great and provided some needed shade from the HOT SUN. The food was very good. Breakfast and lunches were mostly buffets, but the quality of the food was great. Dinners were very good. Service was a bit weak (see cons below).The beach was actually great. Not the best for actual swimming, but nice to sit out and use the kayaks and paddleboats (included).Royal Service was a must. Nicer rooms. Made a jacuzzi on your balcony for you each night if you wanted. Access to private pool.Cons:A bit of a drive from the airport.The service in the restaurants was still a bit slow and not as responsive as one would expect at such a resort. They didn't fill water glasses promptly. When asked, they would say ok and not come back. You would have to ask several people (often the manager) to fill the glass. When you went up for seconds (or thirds, fourths, fifths) of food, they didn't take away the dirty plates. It became a bit comical after a while.The reservation system for dinners still doesn't quite work. I had heard that they improved it by allowing you to call before you arrive. When I did (the day before arrival) I was told they would hold the time slot and to call when I arrived with my room number. I did, but was told that the reservation time wasn't available and had to chose different times (not the ideal ones, but oh well, we were on vacation). However, when we did arrive for our 8:30 reservation at Bamboo (had called and asked for 7) they told us that it would be at least 30 minutes more. We ended up not staying and just going to one of the restaurants that didn't need reservations.The only other con would be that in the evening there isn't too much to do. They close the pools at 6pm (seemed kinda early) and at 10pm had a typical resort show. The lounges are open but aside from that there was alot of activity. We ended up sitting on our jacuzzi on our balcony, cetainly not a bad thing....Overall, we had a great time and would certainly recomend Paradisus. I would hope with time and more training in the restaurants, the service would improve and this would be a perfect place. That being said, it certainly was close to paradise...  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The one  This is the most beautiful resort I've been to  a fabulous experience. We vacationed mid June and the resort was about 20% occupied---it was perfect! The food was excellent--from sushi @ Bamboo, to the lamb chops  filet @ Romantico; and the buffet bkft/lunch was fantastic. The booze was top shelf--vodca, gin, liquors, were a pleasent surprise.  The weather was very hot  muggy (but to be expected), the pools were beautiful  very comforable. The royal sevice was a wonderful experience--highly recommended  wasn't difficult to upgrade once you were there (depending on occupency). The staff couldn't be more accommedating/attentive to your every need. The rooms were very spacious  comfortable (the beds were to die for--you didn't want to get up). The property was picturesque and huge. They have a shuttle to get you where you want to go. The beach is rocky, not a place to lie around or swim (but knew that prior to booking) but that was just fine.  Had the vaction of a lifetime at the paradisus--great food, great drinks, and met great people. Unfortunately I didn't meet Kevin Costner or the Kennedy's who were these a week prior--Oh well, maybe next time!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not recommended!!  I stayed at the Paradisus the last week of May and was stunned... NO BEACH!!! Yeah yeah the pool is big and apparently it should compensate for the lack of a swimmable beach if it wasn't for the million kids everywhere running, screaming and splashing. The catamaran was a lot of fun (only 30 minutes) but I couldn't believe I couldn't tan by the beach (full of broken shells, rocks and algae) and swim in the ocean!!! The restaurants were good and that was the best part. But if a resort wants to rent it for Hollywood stars then they should close it to the public. We got a reservation canceled because the restaurant was reserved for them and they didn't bother to call us. At least two restaurants a day were reserved for them or the bars that were also closed for them. The architecture is beautiful and that was the second and only positive point... The room service was so limited (sandwiches and that's about it) and took a very long time. We only got our room by 5:30pm when it should be ready for 3 pm and we had to go twice to reception before they got at least one of the rooms ready. You can tell they are still trying to get their act together. It is good if you want to lie by a pool and you have at least two kids or want to learn how to suffer through the screamings of them at the pool, restaurant, etc. There is no partying going on there either!!! Things are also over priced such as 1$ US/min for a local phone call or 50$ US/person to go to the beach (15 min away). We rented a car with Avis that is at the hotel and got a car with a flat tire... Also outsiders can pay a fee and come to the resort for a day so they crowd the pool during the day and then leave at night!!! I have to say we made the best out of it but I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS RESORT TO ANYBODY I KNOW!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read my review and see my pictures!       The Beach  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Restaurants Always Booked?? I just stayed in this Resort last week and I must attest that architecturally is the most impressive hotel in Puerto Rico. However, I paid $470 a night and I could not make reservations to eat in the Restaurants. They were 鈥渁lways full鈥?Friends knowing that the Hotel was only running at 64% occupancy and actually seeing the restaurants empty while they were turning guests away only makes you wonder if this is just a strategy to maintain food costs low by controlling the amount of 鈥渃overs鈥?guests that eat in the restaurants.For this amount of money I would have preferred to stay in a non inclusive hotel and pay on their not included restaurants and at least not having to eat every night room service. By the way 鈥淩OOM SERVICE鈥?is GREAT at your hotel. The best I have had in PR!!!!Thanks,  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible wedding  We just spent June 6th - June 11th at the Paradisus where we got married. We stayed in an ocean-front Royal Service room. I can't say enough about the grounds, the room, the pool, the food and the service. I agree with some previous reviewers that the time you go is crucial to the type of experience you'll have. Monday - Friday was quiet and tranquil - even in the main pool area. By the time we left on Saturday afternoon there were a lot more young people and kids.We were there from Monday - Saturday - the hotel was only 20% booked - so maybe that's why were treated like 'Royalty'. The Royal Service staff and the staff at the Royal Service pool bar couldn't have been more wonderful. When everyone found out we were getting married they went even more overboard.I must say that I was extremely concerned before we came when reading some of the more uncomplimentary reviews, but I honestly can't imagine that anyone could find a single problem with this resort. I travel extensively for my job and have stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels all over the world and the Paradisus rivaled most of them.If you're planning on going there for vacation - go!!!! don't worry about the negative reviews. I think some people can find fault with anything. If you do go and stay in Royal Service, ask for Hector at RS and Edwin at the RS pool, they're the best.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Property Must Read We returned from the Paradisus last week and traveled with a 11 and 16 year old. We loved the resort, the grounds are beautiful, the rooms are very spacious, the pool is huge, the lobby is gorgous with fountains, status, huge vases of flowers, marble floors, candles everywhere. Reservations at the restaurants were so easy to make. Please remember this property has only been open for a year, they are still learning and trying very hard to please everyone. They are listening to comments and are trying very hard to improve. You can make advance dinner reservations for all the restaurants upon arrival, we were able to make all of our reservations the first day without any difficultly. We were even able to change them later in the week without any difficultly. We found the service to be very good, your in the Caribbean so mellow out and don't except them to be at your every beck and call. Go with the flow and relax if you have this type of attitude and I'm sure you will enjoy every moment. They had a wide varietly of restaurants, menu options, exquiste presentation, we thought the food was very good.If you really want to be pampered pay the extra for the Royal Service, they go above and beyond to accommodate your request! The concierge pool is quiet and relaxing and has private pre reserved cabanas. We weren't in the Royal Service level, but I found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The main pool is beautiful and has many private cabanas, , more cabanas than I have seen at other resorts. When the property is full they are somewhat difficult to obtain, early bird gets the worm. The pool activities building has plently to keep you busy if you want to, if you don't like the loud music that some complained about on other messages then you're too old and need to move to the other end of the pool.There were a few times that you would have to wait about 5-10 minutes at the swim up bar or the lobby bar, but again this was at peak time when the property was full. Within a week this happened maybe 3-4 times, big deal we were on vacation and had lots of time and weren't in a hurry to go anywhere. We were at the resort when they were filming the Sports Invitational for Fox TV, there were about 50 celebrities there such as Kevin Costner, Chevy Chase, Kelsey Grammer, Matt Dillion... if it's good enough for them than it should be good enough for you!Beach- ok so you know that the beach isn't white sand, the water isn't a tourquise blue other than this the resort is beautiful. The beach is wide and great for exploring. I have been to many other worldwide resorts that offer better beaches, but I knew about the beach prior to arriving and was perfectly content with the beach. I personally think it is hard to find every single aspect of a resort, property, destination that has 100 % of everything that you might be looking for. Sure I could find a few petty things that could be taken care of, but they are petty and not worth my time getting upset over.I found the Paradisus to be a true paradise and gorgeous resort and can recommend it highly to others.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aimeedarren1115
<Content>Wonderful Resort!!!!!!! The Paradisus, Puerto Rico was absolutely fabulous for a fun and relaxing getaway (and we can be picky). My husband and I stayed for 5 days and it was fantastic (5/26 - 5/30). After reading all of the reviews I was skeptical since some people had very different opinions. And after our trip I have no idea why anyone would complain about this place. All I can say is that from the time my husband and I arrived to the time we checked out, our experience was wonderful (great weather too). The airport shuttle was waiting for us and no problem with accepting the voucher. The ride to the resort took about 45 mins. but it was scenic along the ocean. The lobby is beautiful and open and marble flooring throughout and really beautiful furnishings. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We made our dinner reservations right after we checked in, for the restaurants we wanted, no problem and got good times. The food was good esp. Romantico and Avocado. We also ate at Toscano for dinner (v. good) and Mirador Grill for breakfast, lunch and snacks (also good and a good selection), we also had room service for dinner one night which was good too. We always received good service at the bars and never had a problem getting a drink.Our room was very nice and clean. The floors are marble and so is the bathroom and we always had clean linens. They also clean your room 2x a day and turn down your bed. The pool was great and very big and even though the resort was at full capacity we never had a problem getting lounge chairs and umbrellas. Cabanas went quick but we didn鈥檛 want one. The pool waiters are very friendly and always came around to offer cold water or other drinks. The beach is narrow but very long if you wanted to take a walk (which we did). We also swam in the ocean which was very warm. The grounds are very well manicured with beautiful landscaping. We really enjoyed relaxing evenings in the lobby lounge which is huge. They have really comfy chairs and couches and a fish pond in the middle of the room. This is also open air so you can enjoy the breezes. They had nightly music entertainment in the lounge and people even got up to dance. The little casino was lively and we had some fun with the slots. The Mojitos and Pina Coladas were great and I think this is the best place for the price. We did notice that there were some company events during our stay but they never interfered or disrupted anything we were doing. Actually, one day by the pool they had a Calypso band and Limbo dancers which everyone got to watch and enjoy. We really have only good things to say about this resort and were very happy we chose it for our vacation. We have already recommended this place to our friends and families. We will def. go back! ...... e-mail questions.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing and Romantic We went to Paradisus May 3rd-8th - and, having traveled quite a bit (including 5 star all-inclusives), my expectations are always VERY, VERY high - and, I'm usually disappointed. But, this time I was pleasantly surprised! First off, let me echo what countless others have said in their reviews... the grounds are AMAZINGLY beautiful. You really do feel like you're entering a corner of paradise when you see this place. We had an ocean-front, Royal Service room (the ONLY way to go if you stay here). Our favorite part of the room was the sunken jacuzzi tub (for two!) outside ON the balcony. I've never had that experience before... and, drinking a glass of wine overlooking the ocean in a tub of bubbles is the BEST - especially after a day of baking in the sun. (Oh, by the way, they CHANGED ALL THE BEDS in the early Spring, 2005. So, we went expecting HARD mattresses due to other people's comments and instead had a week of TERRIFIC sleep on the new, perfect mattresses!!)Ahhh... baking in the sun. The main pool was glorious. Since we came on a week that wasn't very booked, we felt like the resort was our own private plantation. There were only about 4-6 other people around this HUGE pool at any given time of the day Tuesday - Friday. The built-in chairs made laying in the sun a dream because you could stay cool, covered by an inch of water from the pool on your legs and feet. It was an amazing, relaxing experience on those days... (I'll save all my negative comments for the end of this review!)Another great part of the resort is the top notch spa and workout area. Although we didn't have any spa treatments on this trip, we did take a complete tour of the spa area and everything was very relaxing and pristine - including the indoor and outdoor massage tables. (You can get a massage in the tropical garden area by the spa pool - or even at the edge of the ocean if you choose!) We did use the exercise equipment on three of our vacation days - and it was great! (Air-conditioned and aromas from the attached spa made it smell fantastic!)THE NEGATIVES:1- The food was just ok. Typically, we go out to eat quite a bit - to a variety of top restaurants. Going out to eat for me needs to be an experience - not just about the food. (great atmosphere, good wine selection, excellent service!) So, I was really looking forward to both the Japanese steak house on the property as well as the French restaurant that everyone raved about. But, this is where is was disappointed... Our first night at the Japanese steakhouse was pretty good but the second time the food had little flavor. (It all depends on the cook you get that night. The second night our cook was new.) As for the French restaurant (Romantico) - not so romantico... very boring actually. The place was EMPTY!! And, we were seated at a 2-top in the center of the restaurant with no one else really in the room we were in. There was no background noise so we felt like all ears were on us and we talked very little. As for the food at Romantico - I think they're favorite ingredient is Nutmeg. The Lobster Bisque that came highly recommended from our waiter was really creme de Nutmeg (I think they may have dipped a Lobster claw in the broth at some point but there wasn't really any Lobster to speak of in the soup.) As for the Filet Mignon main course - dry and tasteless. (I'm spoiled with Midwestern Beef.)2- Be prepared to age 10 years waiting for a drink. Now, I know what you're thinking... she's so impatient - she should just get used to the Carribean pace. NO WAY. I have been to Sandals in the Bahamas and other resorts in the Carribean several times and I have never experienced bar service like this. Let me break it down... There are about 4-5 bars around the resort (not including the restaurant bars) and NONE of them stock the same inventory. If you find one that knows how to make a drink you like, the next bar will say they don't carry that liquor. It's crazy! I wanted a Vanilla Stoli and Diet Coke and the waiter from Romantico had to walk out to the main lobby bar to borrow their stash of Vanilla Stoli. But, MORE importantly, the service itself is very bad at the bars. There were two guys at the main lobby bar that had drinks in front of them and were deep in conversation with the bartender when we showed up. (Other than those two guys we were the only ones there.) We sat patiently for at least 5 mins - ignored completely. Finally, I got up and walked around the bar right in front of the bartender and asked him, Is this bar open? Oh yes, miss... and then he took our order. The pool bar is another story... none of the bartenders had any drink suggestions whatsoever. So, if you didn't already know the tropical concoction you wanted top of mind - you were out of luck. And, not surprising, they were just as slow and unattentive as the main lobby bartenders. (To contrast, the bartenders at Sandals were FANTASTIC! Not only was there a HUGE menu hanging around every bar with 10-20 different drink suggestions, but the bartenders had their own specialties that they would reveal to swim-up bar regulars.) Personality is KEY to staffing great bartenders... and, they still have a ways to go there.3- The beach is filled with broken shells and sharp stones. So what? It didn't really matter that much to me, since I'm a pool person anyway. It was still beautiful to look at out of our balcony every morning and every night from our JACUZZI!! But, if you are a beach person this would probably be a drawback for you.4- ... and, then there was SATURDAY. Remember how I wrote that Tuesday through Friday at the main pool were fantastic?? Well, on Saturdays, they open up the resort to locals. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!! Saturday was a nightmare at the main pool - total chaos. Seemingly thousands of screaming, running children and salsa music so loud it only inspired the kids to scream louder. After 15 mins at the main pool on Saturday, we retreated to the Royal Services pool area for some quiet cocktails and romantic pooltime. That is one of the reasons you should DEFINITELY choose Royal Service if you go to Paradisus.... the option to use that private pool area as well as other niceties.Now, go plan your vacation and stop reading these reviews!! :)  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort We were looking for a resort where there would be a variety of activities and yet plenty of relaxing. The Paradisus was wonderful for our family get-a-way. The rooms were spacious, clean and beautifully decorated. The staff was warm and friendly. We were very pleased with the restaurants, food was very well prepared, buffets had a delightful variety and the food was always the correct temperature. We especially enjoyed going to the Lobby bar after dinner for drinks and to enjoy the wonderful music every evening. Our sons loved to go kayaking and snorkeling. The beach was a natural beach and we loved to get chaises close to the beach and look out over the ocean. After reading many reviews and seeing numerous complaints, I was afraid we had made a poor decision. It became a family joke trying to imagine what we could complain about! In fact, after a week, we had no complaints! We were very pleased with every aspect of the resort. Since the resort is so new, I am sure it will continue to fine tune it's services....but we enjoyed ourselves and would love to go back.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JayneGA
<Content>Paradisus is OK.. My family and I stayed at Paradisus for 9 nights during January, 05. There were 5 of us, my husband myself and our 3 teenager daughters. Months earlier we had stayed at Windjammer in St. Lucia -loved it!! Iit appeared to me that Paradisus doesn't really cater to families, actually I felt as if they catered to the people that had booked Royal Service - those of us at the bottom were told there wasn't any setting available in the resturants. Each person staying at Paradisus wears a color coded bracelet-the color determines everything-your reservations to eat and the quality of service. For the amount of money this resort cost-I do not think it is worth. We were there during the busy season-many of the other resorts had overbooked and had sent the people they couldn't accommodate to Paradisus. Even with the extra bookings the resort closed several of the resturants. The pool was beautiful, the resort was beautiful, the beach-wasn't.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon Excellent honeymoon at Paradisus. A new resort with a few growing pain but overall would definately go back, especially now that I know they have fixed the beds. Grounds are beautiful and staff is very friendly and helpful. Did not have a bad meal the entire eight days. I think some people just complain about anything. GREAT RESORT  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big disappointment in Paradisus We were quite unhappy with the way management ran that resort...first, booking for the specialty restaurants was a pain as you'd have to try to book a dinner reservation on a daily basis only to be informed that they're fully booked that day and you'd have to try your luck the next day.What was really frustrating was when we found out that you'd have to  take good care of one of their restaurant employees to get all the dinner reservations taken cared of.If you're paying big bucks for an all inclusive resort I don't think you still need to pay extras to get around...on top of the tipping they expect from the customers.The waiters were rude and just didn't seem happy with their jobs.The concierge were of no help either.Secondly, our room was filthy for the whole week we were there. The maids simply make the beds daily, no mopping or sweeping the floors, they don't do the bedside tables and the toilet, we're always calling to get some toiletries/towels which the maids don't replenish.They don't take our dirty dishes etc...After calling the attention of the cleaning supervisor his only excuse was that the resort was really busy and so obviously couldn't meet the needs of the customers.The beach is so rocky that nobody was swimming in it the whole time we were there...their explanation was that they couldn't do any improvements on the beach because of government regulations.The swimming pools are great but was always packed as the resort accomodates daytime guests...they book parties all the time so the other guests gets kicked out of the pools early as the hotel needs to set up for these corporate parties and this is on a daily basis...now they're building some 600 condominiums in the property and the future occupants are expected to share the pools/amenities with the hotel guests and this would just complicate the matters even worse.So if you're planning a relaxing, stress free (not fighting your way to get what you paid for) vacation stay away from this place...we would never, ever consider staying in any Sol Melia establishments in the future!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I LOVED, LOVED IT. I A'M LOOKING FORWARD GOING BACK!!!!! I stayed recently at PARADISUS RESORT IN PUERTO RICO as part of my honeymoon (5/1/05 TO 05/04/05) . The resort is beautiful, well maintained . We stayed at bungalow 1406 , very luxurious, marble everywhere, and the bungalow was immaculate clean . The staff was super firendly, they went above and beyond to give us an excellent service , very attentive and very nice and friendly . The food was excellent, we didn't had any problems getting reservations for Romantico and Bamboo . The staff was extremely nice to us . The concierge (CINDY) was a sweetheart, she even arranged for champagne and strawberries to be sent to our room . i am definitively going back to paradisus soon.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmf3
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised       Beach  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Every Second!!       Beach by the main pool  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>larchdoc
<Content>Paradisus Skeptic As a true skeptic, I was very tentative concerning my trip to Paradisus, especially after reading the reviews from this site. I considered changing my plans to the Ritz Carlton if the reviews were correct and indeed had booked the Ritz tentatively if I decided to leave the Paradisus.Much to my surprise, the resort was extremely pleasurable. Specifically:1. The hotel's appearance and cleanliness were terrific.2. The staff was extremely attentive and polite.3. The food was quite good. I never experienced any long lines. (even though the resort was full) Especially notable were the restaurants Romantico and Bamboo. If you are flexible about your dinner times it is quite easy to obtain entrance into them. The Avocado was excellent for my perpetual diet. Indeed, there is an abundance of great fruit which allowed me to only gain one pound during the week. 4. The gym was sufficient and clean.5. Spa was excellent.6. Pools were great. Indeed at times I did have concern about the level of music but this was rectified simply by asking the attendant to turn down the volume.7. THE BEACH Directly in front of the main pool it is certainly almost non existant. If you decide to walk approximately 200 feet to the right there is sufficient beach with an abundance of lounges. 8. The beds. They have all been replaced with very comfortable soft mattresses.9. The lounge chair problem has been resolved with the purchase of many more.10. SUMMARY Overall, it appears that many of the problems noted on this board has been addressed by management. Indeed, I did speak to management and they do review these boards in order to improve their facility. It is still a fairly new resort and certain problems will always occur as with any resort. Not every employee responds as desired and unfortunately can cause a problem. I did have to call room service twice on one occasion but management was very attentive to my complaint. That is basically what we all want---somebody who will listen and resolve the issue-- the resort does this. The resort is particularly excellent for family groups, small conventions or small groups who need to spend time together without wondering where they will eat or meet at nite. It keeps people together. It is certainly infinitely better than any other place in Puerto Rico! I do have one compaint though, and that was with the price of a round of golf which I thought was excessive. I did price other courses in the area and they were all about the same. Maybe the resort can have a golf package price. In essence, I , the Skeptic, would return.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>japed
<Content>not as bad as reviews i read I was pleasantly surprised with the resort. After reading reviews I was a little skeptical. The room was very nice, Alot of marble. The pool area is nice and large with places I could go and get some quiet times. I didn't notice any locals useing the pool area, but did see many in the casino at night. It is a bit small, nothing like Vegas. The restaurants were nice, but would have liked to order from a menu some. My wife said the spa was really nice. The only drawback would be the beach. There are many palm trees onthe beach that offer shade, But the reef just out from the beach breaks the waves before they get to the beach. The beaches there are not like we see in Florida.  I would consider returning someday, especially if it was free like last time. We went with a large group of food service people. Had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a great place my wife and i were blown away by the beauty of the resort. we also had the royal service option and this is the only way to go. our room was very clean and the service was outstanding. the royal service pool is a nice touch as overcrowding is avoided, although we did go to the main pool and found it very large also finding a quiet space at that pool was quite easy. we read that the beach was just awful, so please read the following carefully, had the other complainers quit whinning and give us some uasable info we really would have enjoyed the beach, so here goes,,,this beach is a natural one, not man made, therefore there is broken shells and vegetation on this beach. i highly recommend that you bring with you a pair of water shoes. had we known we would have packed ours . people should quit whinning and try to enjoy nature as it presents itself. at any rate this resort is fantastic the food is great the beds are comfortable the staff is freindly, we highly recommend it  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CompressedChi
<Content>Lost in Paradisus As other have written, this is a beautiful, well maintained property that is all-inclusive and a member of the Leading Hotels of the World. We just returned from a long weekend and found much of what has been said (both good and bad) to be true.We had several choices of hotels in San Juan and decided to try the Paradisus on the strength of its reviews. Based on the suggestions of others who found it difficult to get into certain restaurants, I decided to call the day before to try to make arrangements prior to our arrival. I was told that reservations can only be made if you know your room number, which unfortunately is not revealled until you check in. I also asked for driving directions from the airport and was emailed them promptly.The property, while it may be only 20 miles away from the airport, took about an hour to drive to in bumper to bumper traffic. We decided to rent a car based on the fact that the hotel shuttle charged $30/per person one way, so for the two of us it would have been $120 round trip. The driving directions are somewhat confusing, and we had a few wrong turns that only delayed our arrival. We also found out that they charge guests $10/day to park (not mentioned anywhere), which is crazy since the lot is huge and very underutilized. Since we were there for 3 days, the $30 added onto the cost of the rental car came out a little over $120--no wonder the hotel priced it's shuttle that way!Upon arrival, there were a lot of bellmen, none of which offered us any assistance with our bags. Check if was very efficient, but as was noted by other, we were left on our own to find our room. When we went back to the bellhops to ask about transport to our room, they said that no one was available to bring our bags, so we should take the trolley since the room was very far away. We went back to the front desk to inquire about closer rooms and the woman at the front desk was very apologetic and reassured us the room was not that far away and even walked us to the trolley (which is located at the back end of the lobby), and we rode to our room from there.I must say that the property is spectacular and well kept. The employees are polite, but do not go out of their way to be helpful. Rather than ask the concierge to make dinner arrangements for us (since there was only one concierge and a line of about 10 people needing assistance), we walked directly to the restaurant and asked about tables. We found Bamboo to be difficult to get into and the surly hostess did not make things easy. The host at Romantico was much more accomodating. Bamboo is a down market version of Benihana, but entertaining and they offer you a lot of food. The atmosphere at Romantico is very nice and the service good. They also offer a surcharge wine list, which has very good wines at New York restaurant prices (about twice retail) -- but it beats what they pour for free.We went to the gym daily, which is virtually always empty, and very clean. The attendant was friendly, and it turns out that he will teach aerobics, but only if enough people show up. He also told us that there were pilates classes at the Activities Center that did not exist. The Activities Center is poolside and there is a list of daily activities posted. Unfortunately, no one seemed to know what activities would occur the next day, so it was difficult to plan things. The pool is great. There are a lot of areas to sit around and plenty of chaise chairs and cabanas on a first come first serve basis. The cabanas are definitely the way to go as the sun can be fierce. Poolside salsa lessons in the afternoon were a lot of fun! Beware that the drinks at the poolside bar are very weak, and one should always ask for an extra shot!The rooms are very spacious and the oceanview rooms offer a wonderful, romantic setting to watch the sunset off your balcony. One thing we found lacking in the amenities were hair conditioner and a sewing kit (you only figure out what you forgot to bring when you need it most!). It turns out that there is something called Royal Service which functions like a Club Level Room in other hotels. They have personal butlers and a private pool and check in service. It is significantly more expensive than the already pricey rooms, and I'm not sure it is worth it.All in all, the place is beautiful. The food was good for an all inclusive, but not great. My overall impression is that this five star hotel would match up with a middling three star place in Asia or Europe and a four star hotel in the US. They really need to improve their service, especially since it isn't cheap. I think that there are numerous other options to consider when choosing a San Juan hotel that (technically) isn't in San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gsmarko
<Content>Stay Away - no beach, no service, not much at all The Positives1. The hotel鈥檚 appearance and the grounds are absolutely beautiful.2. The beachfront dining at Mirador provided spectacular views of the ocean. A wonderful, tranquil dining experience.3. The tennis pro was excellent.4. The spa, though small, was very pleasant. My wife loved it.5. Dinner at Bamboo was very enjoyable. That said, this restaurant should not be described as 鈥淎sian fusion with Thai influence鈥? It is, quite simply, a Japanese Hibachi style restaurant with a very limited menu of sushi.6. The swim-up bar in the pool was great. It was one of the few areas in the resort which was properly staffed.The Negatives1. ABSOLUTELY ZERO BEACH. The beach is about 12 feet wide from the grass to the water. The limited space is filled with rocks and broken shells. There is no sand to sit on and no place for children to play. The resort was full when we were there but no one at all was on the beach. Also, the water sports are extremely limited.2. The pool is large and nice, but could be cleaner. Since there is no real beach and little available activities, I would think the resort would put more effort into keeping the pool clean and in tip-top shape. The water at times was cloudy and often contained drinking cups and debris. Furthermore, for our entire stay, the hotel was full but there was never more than 1 lifeguard on duty covering a massive pool that often contained  150 people. I was astonished. 3. Seating by the pool was inadequate. At one point, this lead to a shouting match between guests over seating space. If the pool is the main attraction of the resort, should seating be inadequate?4. The restaurants were booked from the time of check-in and many guests could only get into the buffet restaurants. This was ridiculous since the restaurants were only about 60% occupied when you went inside. The only explanation I can think of is that the resort was inadequately staffed. This is shameful considering the expensive price of the resort and the large # of guests. If you can not get into 1 of the 3 non-buffet restaurants for dinner, you are stuck at one of the 3 buffets. The quality of food at the buffet restaurants was sub-par. My dinner at Toscano is best described as a bad night at Macaroni Grill (not even a good night at Macaroni Grill). Not a great deal for $750/night.5. Even at the buffet restaurants there was a long wait to be seated. We waited 30 minutes to be seated at Toscano. Once seated, we found that 60% of the tables were empty. When we asked why we waited 30 minutes to get into a largely vacant restaurant, we were told that they did not haven enough staff to clear the tables. This is shameful.6. The concierge desk is woefully inadequate. There was never more than 1 person working. You often had to wait 20 minutes to speak to someone. You could not call the concierge desk since they were too busy to answer the phone.7. Service is extremely slow throughout the resort. Room service is particularly bad, often taking  1 hour.8. The beds are as hard as a rock. This is a frequent complaint among customers. It appears that the resort is trying to purchase new mattresses to address this problem. Negatives that really messed up our trip1. We arrived late at night with a 3 year old. We needed bedding for the couch. We had to call housekeeping 5 times. It took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get a blanket. The good news was that hotel manager wanted to appease us afterwards and suddenly the restaurants with no available dinner reservations had a spot for our family. 2. Room service consistently took too long and brought not only cold food but the wrong food.3. The porters were not careful with our luggage. They arrived late to pick up our luggage, drove their little truck recklessly, and our luggage went flying out of the truck onto the road.4. MOST IMPORTANTLY, our son got sick and required a doctor. The concierge desk, which was probably the single worst aspect of the resort, took 4 hours to pick up the medicine from the local pharmacy. This was clearly due to the fact that they were understaffed and they were prioritizing 鈥渘ew business鈥?over a sick, young child. This was disgraceful.Overall, I would strongly discourage anyone from staying at Paradisus Puerto Rico. The resort may look beautiful, but the terrible service, understaffing, and lack of a beach front are significant problems. This is not a 5 star resort, not a 4 star resort, and maybe not even a 3 star resort. Of note, many people we met on the island (away from the resort) were well aware of the many problems at the resort. This undoubtedly explains why the occupancy has been low and the cost of staying at the resort has dropped precipitously over the past year.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ski-Again
<Content>I would return... Yikes, I don't agree with the last two horrible reviews there are some drawbacks, but there are many good things to report as well. I was there for 4 nights Easter weekend. I am a frequent traveler from the Northeast US with young kids and generally stay at 4 or 5 star hotels, Ritz, Hyatt, Marriott, or upscale boutique hotels. In Puerto Rico I have stayed at the El San Juan, the Hyatt Cerromar and Palmas Del Mar. As my title says I would go back, for a family vacation, as the Pros outweigh the cons and every hotel has drawbacks. As all inclusives go, this is a nice one.Pros- the setting is beautiful, the rooms are spacious (I liked the bed and did not find it too hard), the food was excellent, really too good so that you have to be worried about gaining weight!, the selection was great, the staff was VERY helpful with generally GREAT attitudes, the spa was small but lovely, the beach is full of pebbles which is lousy, but it is very long and wide and pretty and nice for running/walking - with sneaks or flip-flops - I have been to many places with short narrow beaches and this is not the case here, the boat rides, esp. sailing on a catamaran (they send you with a captain which was great) - but you have to get there before 10am to make a reservation and they go quickly, the pool is very very nice, the shows were good, though a bit late beginning after 10pm, the drinks were good - try the local lite beer with lime!, child care was OK, more on that below, the gym is small but nice and there is a trainer there all day who is very helpful. They had evening child care (5 and up only) from 8 to midnight and this was pretty good with moon bounces, movies and games - the kids enjoyed this more than the day time program.Cons - they are still new and not great with crowds, there were no chairs at the pool Easter weekend, the staff was weary and overworked, the hotel just seemed stressed out!, The kids camp is lacking - NOTE it is only 10:30am-noon and 2:30pm to 5pm NOT ALL DAY, NOT FOR LUNCH, no early morning care if you want to do sports before it gets hot, forget it. Kids camps at other resorts are much better, Hyatt, Ritz and other all inclusives. They play loud, loud music and make announcements at the pool all day, if you want peace you have to go to the pebbly beach, which is ok too, but it could be better. The rooms are far from the main facilities, ours did smell a bit musty and there are very few ocean view rooms, if you are not guaranteed, you won't get one. The restaurants requiring reservations were all full, we wondered whether it was a scam to have them, but not let anyone in, they didn't seem crowded at all. If you complain loudly they may help you get in at a time they select. This is ridiculous. The hotel is 1 hour from the airport NOT 35 mins, except by helicopter.HINT - The Royal Service is very, very nice (we didn't get it, but wish we did) there is a beautiful adult pool, preference at restaurants, ocean view, special services, if your kids are over 5 or you are just adults visiting, this would be key to a relaxing, pampered vacation. I would not go back with my husband alone unless we had Royal Service accomodations.If you go ENJOY - don't be nervous this is a nice place, they care about their guests and you will have a good time! I was reluctant because of some of the bashing I saw here, which is exaggerated. No its not the Four Seasons, Paris, but if you booked here that is not what you are expecting!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KatefromCT
<Content>An Enjoyable Long Weekend My husband and I spent 4 nights (March 17-21) at the Paradisus. While there were a couple of snafus, all in all, we were satisfied with our stay. We are in our mid-forties, travel frequently for business, live in a metropolitan area and have vacationed internationally.I would recommend that you book the Royal Service. This allows you benefits that are not included in the standard room. Close proximity to the pools, butler service, concierge lounge, assistance with difficult dinner reservations, turndown, bathrobes, daily newspaper, etc.We arrived in the late morning at the airport to find a guide with a Paradisus sign to direct us to the shuttle. We were relieved to see her in such a prominent place only to find that we were not on the shuttle list. Unfortunately, my husband had called a couple of times to confirm that we were on the shuttle so this was annoying. They quickly told us that they had plenty of room for us on the shuttle, cool drinks welcomed us aboard. The shuttle driver was an absolute maniac driver. Having spent a lot of time in NYCity cabs, we thought we had seen it all. He was friendly and engaging, but he was a complete maniac behind the wheel. We probably should have reported him to the management. We joked that he was probably Chevy Chase in the Vacation movies, but I could not get off fast enough. The ride is a solid 45 minutes without traffic. There are two routes, along the coast (beautiful, but two lanes) or through the commercial districts. Both take approximately the same amount of time. The cost for the shuttle is $60/pp round trip. A cab may be a better idea. If you are adventerous, they have car rentals although we never needed to leave the resort.Upon arrival, you are greeted by a very friendly staff. Lots of smiles and very welcoming. When we checked in, they didn't have us registered or any note that we had booked the Royal Service. Within seconds, it was literally the blink of an eye, a VERY astute front desk person, Omayra, wisked us off to the Royal Service area and had us completely booked into the hotel. I can't stress enough what a difference the RS makes. The check-in area is comfortable as well as air-conditioned. For this resort, it's very personalized service. One of the butlers offered us something to drink (alcoholic or not), along with a selection of appetizers and fruit. After a long flight, we thought it was nice to be offered Mimosas. On the spot, Omayra booked our dinner reservations for the next four evenings. I have read that people are able to make them before arrival, but we were unable to get them to budge on that when we called. I would highly recommend that you make the reservations immediately upon arrival. The reservation system is completely out of whack and there were guests that were rightfully miffed that they couldn't get a dinner reservation before 9pm. (some could not get them at all) All of the nights there seemed to be open tables and lots of staff so I'm not sure where the problems lie.The restaurants are cruise-like. The reservation-only restaurants, Romantico, Avacado and Bamboo were good. They weren't great, but they were good. These are in no way five star restaurants. We had two dinners at Romantico and if you eat meat, I would recommend the beef. I am a seafood lover and had a seafood dish that I thought was marginal at best. I didn't quite figure out if luke warm was to the local liking, but most of the food was not hot. The staff, however, is totally first rate. They literally bend over backwards to make sure that you are enjoying yourself. They do this without seeming to be forced. We did give some of the staff tips, which they gladly accepted, but it is not necessary. It's difficult to see the housing around the resort and not think that the staff could use the extra income.Our butler took us on a tour of the facility, told us a little history of the resort and actually pointed out that they were replacing all of the mattresses. We saw large tractor trailers full of mattresses because of all of the complaints about the original hard mattresses. Our mattress must have been a replacement as it was very comfortable and not at all hard.Royal Service also has an adult-only pool. We weren't traveling with children and this perk was absolute perfection. We basically camped out in one of the sheltered huts (Palapas) while having two incredibly large, comfortable and padded lounge chairs directly in front of us at poolside. The huts can be reserved so each morning we arrived to a reserved covered, lounge area with large, lush towels waiting for us. The inside diameter of the covered area is approximately 9x9' square. It's a giantic cushion with side rolls to lean against. We could very comfortably lay down and the Palapa gets you out of the strong sun.The staff at the pool deserves the highest marks. They were so incredibly attentive that we could not have asked for more. Felix was an all-star staff-member that we really enjoyed. He came around with citrus water (chilled) and asked if he could spray us down. It was about 85 degrees and very sunny so we certainly appreciated it. Later in the day, he offered us scented, water soaked hand towels that had been refrigerated. We did tip him at the end of the day, as did most of the other guests. The pool was clean and comfortable, the water temperature was just right. The music was background music only, it certainly didn't disrupt any of the atmosphere. The rapper, Usher, was a guest a couple of weeks earlier and at some points, they were playing the Usher CD, perhaps in his honor. The beach is beautiful to look at and a nice walk with the right footwear. We brought along beach shoes, mesh, and walked all around the property with ease. From the postings that I had read, I thought we were literally going to be on a rocky coast. It's actually very small pieces of coral and shells that make up the beach. It's not a resort that you would go to for the beach, but it did make for a nice morning walk. I did not see anyone swimming, but there were a couple of guests wading about 4 feet from shore. I can't stress enough that if you want waves, powdery sand and a day in the ocean, this is not the place for you. There are water bikes, kayaks (1, 2, 3 person) and Hobie cats which are available. We took two separate Hobie cat rides with the same captain, a very nice high school senior who told us that this was his weekend job. I have sailed a lot and I was very comfortable with his skill level. My husband and I were alone with the captain on both trips, one in the bay and one along the coast out past the coral reef. The scenery is beautiful and it's difficult to find fault looking onshore. I would highly recommend that you bring appropriate footwear for the beach, it will make it a lot more pleasant and enjoyable. It would be VERY easy to cut your feet on the coral in the water if you do not take the appropriate precautions. They do sell these beach shoes in the boutique if you forget yours at home.The restaurants on the whole were good. It's difficult to find a buffet with fresh and hot out of the oven food so they have a lot of food that can be kept warm. I had a fabulous lunch one day at Avacado, grilled rock lobster tail thrown in with cooked-to-order fettucini alfredo with shrimp. Unfortunately, they only had one chef making the pasta and I noticed that there were probably 20 people in back of me. The dinner at Avacado was good (by good, I'm talking about a restaurant where they charge $12-$25/entree and the expectation is not high). Always an offer for wine and a suggestion to accompany your dinner. Nice service, friendly smiles. Avacado also has breakfast which you can eat outside under a covered area. Made to order omelettes, but only one person making them. We did comment that our experience was probably overstated because the resort was not close to capacity. We estimate that the hotel was probably 30% full with a couple of groups in attendance. They were expecting 1,000 more guests during Easter week and we were happy that we weren't guests during that time.There is a casino and it was not crowded at all. Drinks flow freely everywhere at the hotel so the casino could be lively. In the hotel lobby, there was entertainment every night and although I read that it was very loud, we did not experience that at all. There was a piano player along with one singer and she sang in a moderately loud tone. It was not disturbing at all more of a background music. There is also nightly entertainment at 10pm. We didn't take advantage of that but heard that it was fun. We did think the area around the main pool was loud. During our times on the Hobie cat, we could hear how loud the music and entertainment sounded. They do have dance lessons and a very, very large pool so if you were on the periphery of the pool, you might be able to get around the music. We did not actually sit by that pool so our experience is limited. It certainly was very large and there were chairs everywhere so the seating seemed adequate. There were also probably 400 additional lounge chairs on the area between the rooms and the beach. Some were in the sun, some were shaded by palm trees. We did not even see one person sitting there but some of the people did drag the chairs into the ocean.I personally thoughts the grounds were tropical. The staff seemed meticulous about their groundskeeping yet you never really saw or heard any of it going on. Lots of palm trees.We were probably a 6 minute walk to the main building and were continually asked if we wanted a ride on the shuttle. The shuttle is like a giant golf cart that holdsabout 20 people. I'm sure that there were shuttle stops, but the drivers always nodded and asked us if we wanted a ride. We declined, it was warm and balmy and we were on vacation. Relaxation was what we were striving for. There were a couple of groups at the resort during our stay and in no way did that interrupt or effect our stay. Our room was a Royal Service Garden View, more like distant mountain view and the view was spectacular. I'm sure that there are guests that probably could find something wrong everywhere, but the reality is if the sliding glass door is open and you are 3 miles from a rainforest that gets 1,000,000,000 (yes, a billion) gallons of water a year dumped on it, you will probably have a little bit of dampness or odor. They would have to require guests not to open the door in order for it to stay completely dry. The humidity level in Puerto Rico is 85%. Our room did not have one problem and when we got to the room, the attendant had the bed pulled away from the wall and was cleaning under it. The in-room refrigerator is stocked with plenty of beverages, Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, Madalla, OJ and bottled water. The beds were comfortable and were turned down each evening along with the towels being restocked. The RS bathrobes were placed on the beds waiting our return. In the morning, we enjoyed coffee out on the lenai.All in all, we had a fabulous time. We did discuss, however, that we would most likely not return and that our assessment was based on a very low occupancy. We commented on how having only 8 people at a private pool with absolutely perfect service could skew your opinion of a resort. It is a bonus that because of our bracelets (RS were gold and red) that we were given upon check-in, we were easily identified by the butlers and sought out for service. With a full house, we can see where problems might not be as quickly resolved. Also, when it's very sunny and hot, it's mandatory to have a hut. We commented that there were only 15 huts in the RS pool area and that we couldn't imagine not having one at our convenience. We probably couldn't have stayed at the pool all day without it.Enjoy. If you have any questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KLM1970
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Service Needs Improvement Though the resort itself is beautiful, we found that it really never exceeded our expectations. The lobby area, pool, furnishings, spa, etc. are gorgeous. The rooms are a decent size. The food is nothing special, which is to be expected in an all-inclusive I guess. For the money, we would recommend staying at The Ritz and be assured of exceptional service. With few exceptoins, we found most staff to be apathetic. Three out of the five days we were there, our room had not been cleaned by the time we returned from the pool around 4pm. This was at a time when the resort was more than half empty so I wouldn't want to be there when it is at capacity.  I also heard that they allow people to day-trip at the hotel pool, which I think is unacceptable when guests are paying to stay there. It just created more crowding.Overall we had a great time, but we would likely not return to Paradisus, which is unfortunate because it has much more ambience than other resorts I have been to in Puerto Rico. A management overhaul would likely bring the service up to par with the surroundings.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can't get their act together just returned 3/20/05 from hotel and their are several area to be concerned with:First-Transportation,when you cal there they either give you the conciege or transportation to arrange travel from the airport.These are two different services within the hotel ,so be aware when you call to confirm and they say there is no reservation.Also the hotel does not tell you that a cab (all vans) from the airport is less expensive and not a per person charge as is the hotel.Reservations for eating were impossible.They have 3 restaurants that require reservations and they do not let you make them on the phone.The restaurants are small and it's hard to get a reservation at a reasonable time.They do not open reservations for Fri or Sat until certain times.The hotel books cocktail parties for outside companies as well as dinners on FRi and Sat evening but they set these up around the pool starting at 3:00 pm so you better beware of your location.The mgt there is totally non responsive including head of food service Alfredo and hotel mgr Claus Lapp.Neither person answers calls nor do they return calls.The food is passable and the staff is wonderful.The hotel ground are gorgeous but the beaches are rocky (but we knew that before we went).The rooms are spacious and the pool area magnificent.The radio broadcast from the pool area could have been a little less noisy,but we simply moved away from that spot to a less crowded area (in which they starting setting up those cocktail parties at 3:00).It was an aggravating experience(there were other incidents as weel) at my first and probably last all inclusive resort.P.S. Took two rooms with 4 nite total of $4,700  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Boeckmann
<Content>No paradise at the Paradisus My husband and I had the misfortune to stay at the Paradisus in connection with a business trip. We have never been so happy to check out of a hotel.A few highlightsThe resort is a easy 1 hour from the airport (in the middle of nowhere) even though they tell you twenty minutes.THe rooms are a long way from the central areas of the hotel. Be prepared to take a golf cart or take a very unscenic 10 minute walk to the pool.THE BEDS ARE ROCK HARD. I MEAN THE WORST BED EVER. THE FRONT DESK DOES HAVE EGGCRATES YOU CAN PUT ON TOP OF THE MATTRESS BUT THEY WERE ALL CHECKED OUT. The linen is terrible. The rooms are musty. 4 couples in our group were moved from their rooms (by management) because of mold over taking the bathrooms. The food is terrible - poor selection and quality.The outdoor bar area is filthy. There is no nightlife except for a small casino.Most of the employees do not seem happy to be there.The beach - well it looks nice in the brochure but too bad it is made of gravel.I AM STUMPED AS TO HOW THIS PLACE GETS POSITIVE REVIEWS. WE WERE WITH A GROUP OF 300 PLUS INDIVIDUALS AND EVERYONE AGREED THAT THIS PLACE WILL BE LUCKY TO SURVIVE ANOTHER YEAR. I WOULD NEVER EVER RETURN TO THIS HOTEL.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better this year! Stayed at the Paradisus in Puerto Rico again this year (Mar. 3-7). We returned with our business group. Last year they had only been opened 3 weeks when we arrived. This year there was a vast improvement! Staff was still friendly and eager to help you. (at their pace of course) Food was good. We were able to get reservations at Romantico. Which I had read on this site was a problem in the past. After our group dinner the, 1st night, could not get into room, at midnight. Flagged down a golf cart and was told in a few minutes security would arrive. My husband and I expected to be there until two or three. But, to our surprise security was there in about 7 minutes. A word of advice. Do not put your key in the same pocket as your MAGNETIC name badge. Later found out about 5 or so couples had the same problem. We did have some issues: sand on the floor of our room the day we arrived. They lost the lugage of one couple. Located it an hour or so before our group dinner( inverted numbers on tag.) Handle fell into the tub while showering. We left it in plain view and it was fixed when we returned. (several hours later) We found out quickly why the Mirador was alway empty. It is the restuarant of the Birds. They could remedy this I was told by installing fishing line so the view was not obstructed and would keep the birds out. As I walked away from the salad bar a bird helped himself to the cheese I had just used. Our bed was turned down every night. Our last night there was no different except at 1:30 when we returned we had one wash cloth and not one towel. Called the operator and within 15 minitues we had our towels. We really did enjoy our stay and the issues I mentioned are minor compared to last year. I do hope they keep improving. I would return.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic trip to paradise We just returned from a 5 night stay in the oceanfront Villa's. We travel a great deal and some were all-inclusive. The Paradisus Puerto Rico is now at the top of our list of fabulous places to stay. Excellent restaurants and food, service, attention to detail, 2 personal butlers on call 24/7, excellent rooms and the list goes on. This is a new resort (a bit less than a year old) so there were a couple of kinks here and there, but nothing that would detract from a marvelous vacation! Book your restaurant reservations UPON ARRIVAL. Particularly good was the Romantico. A few of the others are buffet but quite good. Our only bad experience was the Italian restuarant (buffet). Bad service, the food was well....ok but not what we had come to expect based on the other fine dining experiences we had previously. Our biggest problem was having to explore and figure the place out pretty much on our own. We received some very helpful information when we arrived, but if you are not part of a group, you will not receive the guided tour. The beach is not worthy of being called a beach due to the very rocky conditions. This is, by the way, a condition that cannot be helped by the Paradisus. The government owns the beach and nothing can be done to make for better footing, etc. The pools are excellent and we had a great time anyhow. Overall, we were extremely pleased. The attitude of EVERYBODY was ALWAYS..what can I do to make your stay with us even better? except for the waiter at the Italian restaurant of course. We rate The Paradisus a true 4.75 star facility.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!! We just got back from this great place last night and we are all really missing it. My daughter woke up this morning and wanted to go back! We found this hotel purely by coincidence, we were originally scheduled to vaction in the Bahamas on a remote island, but Bahamas Air cancelled our connecting flight a week before we were to leave. My wife and I scrambled to find another destination and found the Paradisus. They had availability for the exact dates and we booked it. We lucked out and loved our trip.Everyone who worked there, and I mean everyone, was extremely helpful and went out of there way to make sure everything was taken care of. As an example, I forgot my cell phone charger and asked the front desk clerk were the nearest Verizon store was and the front desk manager over heard this and offered up his Verizon charger. I borrowed it a few times and he always said no problem. This is just one example and I won't bore you with others, but everyone went out of there way. The food was very good for an all inclusive, but not like in a small gourmte restaurant. We were not expecting 5 star restaurants so we were very pleased, if you are expecting a 5 star restaurant go to one don't go to an all inclusive resort.The pool, grounds, rooms and everthing else is very very nice. The only negative is the beach. It is small and the water is not so great, but pretty to look out to. My wife and I take a vacation every year to the carribean and have been to many great beaches and new this was not going to be a great beach based on the reviews here and thus were not disappointed. We have small children who love the pools so that is where we were going to be anyway. All I can say is if you are a beach person you might want to try another hotel.Also, we noticed that the hotel never seems crowded even though they were at capacity. Price- My wife and I thought this hotel is an absolute steal for what you get!! We were actually wondering how they can employ so many people (always somone around to take care of every need) and deliver such great service for such a low price.One last note, we agree with other reviews about tipping. We tipped a great waiter we had for dinner many nights and our service was second to none. We did not ask what he made, but for a couple of $20s he went way out of his way and we had better service than in many upscale restaurants here in Chicago. We also tipped the bartenders by the pool and never had to wait for a drink.Stay here, it is an undiscovered gem!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tip the help! A few pointers Well, The place is beautiful. The beach is barely so so..no real swimming as it is shallow and murky. The help is excellent and is not paid well so tip them as much as you can. A wonderful waiter there said he was only paid $ 5.50 an hour. Frankly I am not a fan of loud music and it was hard to escape the noise coming from the pool area..it made me nuts. The shows they had were first class from stage presentations to belly dancing. The food is excellent but their system of reservations for the restaurants is completely out of whack. They would say they had no room when they were half empty and people were rightly miffed at the way they handled it. They should have no reservations at all and it would work a lot better. There is a Mexican style restaurant there...skip it..not worth it. The public space, bars etc. is very classy with marble floors, fountains and comfortable and spacious. It is not a barefoot and torn jeans or wet bathingsuit type of atmosphere at all...more like a swank hotel. The aesthetics of the whole place are excellent and the people very nice and that is why I am giving it a four star. Be prepared to gain five pounds!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nature1611
<Content>Loved the Paradisus Just returned from a geat vacation at Paradisus Puerto Rico. Beatiful grounds, great pool, good food, friednly service, great Spa, great tenis, we had a wonderful relaxing time.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to stay This was the first time in Puerto Rico, for my husband and I. We had a really great visit. The grounds were clean, very friendly staff, housekeeping staff were very efficient. The food was great. The onsite restrauants were great. Weather could not have been better. The golf course is still under work. The hotel was beautiful, bellboys and staff were so friendly. By the end of the week they new you by name or bungalow number.The beach was nice with all the water activities. The pool was great. Really nice sitting areas around pool and lots of lounge chairs. No problem finding any. Would like visit again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kings54
<Content>Royal Services A+ My husband  I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Paradisus. I noticed lots of mixed reviews, so thought I would write my own to help out anyone that is planning a trip. Royal Services-I'd like to start by suggesting to everyone to book a Royal Service room. I was unsure if this room category would be worth the extra cost. IT WAS!!! It is especially worth it if you want a quiet, pampered stay. You will be provided with rooms that are in closest proximity to the beach and pools (although still very private and far from any loud activitiy). Butler service is a phone call away - the butlers were fantastic - they gave us a thorough tour of the resort with tips and ideas for things to do. They set up our ocean front deck (which had a nice jacuzzi) with a champagne sunset including a bottle of champagne and a set up bubble-filled jacuzzi to relax in. They also were able to squeeze us in to a restuarant of choice although it was booked on my birthday, and when we returned to our room there was a birthday cake for me! These are just a few the the perks of this Royal Service. There is also a private lounge area which has free internet acess, breakfast, snacks and drinks throughout the day. It was a nice place to grab coffee in the morning and read the paper. There is an adults only pool which had plush teak lounge chairs and palapas surrounding the pool. The music was quiet and relaxing, the bartenders there were fantastic. One tip - grab a chair early, although the bartenders will bring up regular beach lounge chairs when the plush ones run out - I just like to be spoiled. Royal Service also reserved an ocean front palapa (bed-type cushioned lounge under a thatched roof) each day, where we took our 5:30 naps). Staff-Okay - moving on to the rest of the resort. Everyone in the staff was terrific - and very helpful. There was a mess up when we first arrived, mostly because of the hour that we arrived (4:30 am). Although we were supposed to have a Royal Services room, the front desk had sent us to Suite which was not in this category. When the bellman brought this to our attention, we went back to the front desk, where they were not able to do anything until the morning. So, we had to stay for the night in one room, then move to another the next day. Because of this mix up, the hotel quickly upgraded us from a Garden View Royal Services Suite to and Ocean View Suite, which I thought was a great way to handle the mix up! Restaurants - Make your reservations upon arrival! Make sure to go to Romantico - it was the best there. If for some reason you can't get in, stop by the restaurant at 6:00 (opening time) and they can sometimes squeeze you in. Bamboo was good - a typical hibachi restaurant. Avocado was best for lunch, and dinner was okay, but service at dinner was slow. My husband  I are not big fans of buffets, but thought that Avocado's lunch buffet  Toscano's dinner buffet were both great. Please realize that all restaurants have lunch buffets! Mirador is on the beach/large pool, but has very casual food, and seemed to have poor service anytime we went there. All-Inclusive-We have only been to one other all-inclusive resort (Sandals St. Lucia) and that didn't compare. The brands of liquor at the bar are great for an all-inclusive (although with royal services you can get just about anything you want - just ask). The food is very good quality and the grounds are spectacular!Property-The Paradisus is beautiful! The open-air lobby area is georgous at night - lit by hundreds of candles and lanterns. The main pool area is huge. This area is expecially fantastic for families with children (try to grab a palapa to hang out in - many families used this as a shady escape). There is also a swim up bar in this area and lively music. It is true, the beach is not a clear-blue swimmable beach. However, for someone like me who loves the ambience of the ocean surrounding you while you enjoy the pool - it is perfect! It is lagoon-like (the waves break far out over a reef) so many people are out on paddle boats and hobie cats. It is still beautiful - don't let this stop you from coming to the Paradisus! There is a very large sand beach area with many, many lounge chairs, so there is always somewhere to lay around.Our experience overall was excellent (and I am a tough critic when it comes to resorts). Go - enjoy! And - try out that royal service (Travelocity gave us a good deal on this - look there!) Email me with any questions!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Paridise The hotel was amazing i just had a problem with dinner reservations and some people were very rude! But, overall it was a place i will never forget.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine experience overall but you're naive if you're expecting the Four Seasons or Peninsula stay. My wife and I returned from a five-night stay at this lovely all-inclusive resort in January, and, like any new property (opened 3/04), it has kinks that have to be ironed out. I preface this posting by saying that my wife and I both work in the hotel/ hospitality industry for large hotel companies, and i must say that the Paradisus passes the test. The positives severly outweigh the negatives, and by reading many of these December postings, I have to believe that the Paradisus took the criticism to heart and fixed most of these bugs.This is an all-inclusive resort where tips/ charges are taken care of by your daily rate. But I must say, the staff treated us like royalty from the moment we stepped out of our taxi. The door/bell staff are very cheerful and make an effort to please. They socialize with you and offer assistance before you even have to ask. In the hospiatlity industry, we are expected to anticipate our guest's needs, and at the Paradisus, they do that. From the bellmen down to the maids, they make a sincere effort to make you happy. I happen to believe that, despite it being all-inclusive, it's Ok to tip a couple of bucks. There were times I didn't have change and did not leave a tip, and it was fine with their staff. They didn't seeme bothered or slowed their service because of this. Believe me, this happens at many resorts (Cancun and Domomican rep. come to mind). I received terrific service on my first day through to the fifth day. My wife was there for a conference and I just tagged along and had fun. The lobby bars are very good. You get top of the line liquor and you get your drink refreshed before you're even finished with the one y0ou have in your hand. There was a waiter, which I cannot remember his name, who must have swerved around 50 people in this one area. He was efficient and very friendly. I watched as he filled everyone's order (correctly) and quickly. No one tipped him. Not one. But he came back and gave the 100% service time and time again. I live in Chicago and let me tell you, I can go 15 minutes without having my drink refreshed or even have trouble getting the waiters attention. But at Paradisus, you almost never have to wave a waiter/ waitress over to you because they're already there. I disagree with the assertion that the pool bar/ waitresses sucked. The days varied as far as occupancy ( ranged from 40-75%), but I received great service in the pool. I had a waitress ask me at least every 15-20 minutes if i wanted something. Yes, she did her rounds. Best of all, when i was just snoozing, she didn't bother me like some resorts do.Enough has been said about the restaurants. They're all good, even the buffet ones. Romantico, Bamboo and Avaocado were very good to good. You got to make reservations for them. Do so at concierge as soon as you get there. The Carribeno, Toscano and Madoro Grill were good. What can you say about buffet-style joints? The'ye are not going to be first-class al lof the time. If anyone can tell me a 5-star buffet exists, please tell me. All of the outlets had freindly hostesses and waitstaff. Again, we never had to wait for drinks or requests. Food was hot and fresh. The desserts were good as well.Yes, the beach is not much to look at. I love poweder-sugared beaches like everyone else, but it's relaxing. The sea is dark because it's winter time, so that's not the resort's fault. Also, the sea is cold. It's January for Gods sake. That's how it is. You can Kayak, windsail, paddleboat, etc. It's all included and the staff was very cool. The beach is empty--no other guests around.The entertainment was a bit corny but what do you expect, Vegas? The music was loud but not overwhelming, but I guess that'll be up to you to decide. They have nightly shows that are of decent quality and they have the casino, which i believe is adequately proportiioned for the resort. I won some cash, so maybe that's why I liked it. There are at least 50 slots, a roulette table, 4 Black Jack tables, Carribean Stud, 3-card Poker, Keno and Limit Texas Hold'Em. Again, if you're expecting Vegas, then you'll be disappointed. but the casino is big enough and is never crowded or packed. The dealers are very friendly and love to converse -- unlike many casinos where the dealers are robotic and not very personable.The spa and gym are OK. They could be better for a facility this large. I did not try the spa, but I hear it's expensive, but again...what do you expect? The gym has free weights, treadmills, etc. All the things you need to work out. Fresh fruit, water and towels are provided. There is also a spa private pool for use if you wish.They have two business centers on the property. One is for all guests to use while the other is a VIP/ Premeir Member class facility that has all of you bc needs plus comforts such as leather sofas, wide screen TV and a waitress to offer you cigars and drinks while you check your e-mail. nice touch.I have two small children but I did not bring them on this trip. They are 4 and 2 years old and I believe they would have had fun. They have a large kiddie pool and play area, and there were kid activites throughout the day. I guess it depends on whether there are lots of kids around the pool area for the activities to occur. There were board games available to use for the kids, pool toys, all sorts of balls to play with. Ping Pong and Billiards, Chess also available by the pool. And best of all, if you're hanging out by yourself like I was while the wife was attending her conference, the entertainment staff would play with you.Gift shop was adequate -- had everything you needed. You get fresh fruit/ wine in your room on a daily basis. Newspaper to your door. Shuttle guy driving around asking if you want a lift. I had a room close to the facilites so I didn't utilize him. He always offered and was courteous.Rent a car if you can. Taxis are outrageously priced. Aiport shuttle is expensive as well. One way cab is $66-75 and shuttles run $30 one-way. Rip off.All in all, this property should get better with time. I paid a group rate so, for me, it was definitely worth it. I easily consumed $200 worth of food and drink per day. But for $469 a night...I don't know about that. Not yet, anyway.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>58
<Content>Beautiful facility! We just returned from a 10 day trip to the Paradisus in Puerto Rico and had a wonderful time. During our stay the hotel was at a 37% capacity which was great. No problems getting chairs at the pool, service at dinner, etc. Although we had a lovely time we would be afraid to go back. Apparently (from talking to other guests and employees) the hotel was not even booked to capacity the week before we arrived and people were fighting for pool chairs and towels. We were told that there were lines at the buffets and it was hard to even get a reservation at a nicer restaurant. One of the problems is that the beach is awful. Although there are a lot of chairs to lay in, you can't even walk on there are so many bolders, broken shells and small rocks. The beach is protected by the government so they can not make it any better. No one, no one was on the beach at all; everyone was at the pool. The water is not pretty, it was mostly brown while we were there. If you are looking for a kids club, forget it. They say they have one but it is very disorganized (some days they have it, some they don't) no sign in for the kids - 5 year olds can just come and go. One of the attendents buried my 6 year old in a bin of old towels. He thought it was funny, my son cried. Not a comfortable place to leave your child. So ... if you don't bring kids, only like the pool and pay to stay in a villa or royal service room, go when it is not near capacity, it is a great vacation. Otherwise, it is not worth the high price. Also, we were told that they are building 300 condos to rent out and they, too will use the pool and dining facilities. That will be way too crowded. To be fair, this is a new resort and there are a lot of kinks still to be worked out. For instance, the spa only has a few employees and it took 5 days to get a pedicure, 3 to get a message ...  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yahootie
<Content>Great vacation! Overall I was very pleased with my recent trip to Paradisus. The resort is beautiful! My two major dislikes were that the bed was very hard and that the water in the pool was very cold. It is also true that there is not much of a beach (but I'm a pool person, so this did not bother me). Service ranged from average to good, but all of the staff was very friendly and aimed to please. Anyone traveling to the Carribean must remember that there is a thing called Carribean time, and not to expect instantaneous service. That is just the way of life there. So, if you go in knowing that, you will not be too disappointed. The two restaurants, Bamboo and Romantico are excellent, though hard to get into. Otherwise, the food at the buffets (especially Avacado)is good (sometimes cold, but that is true at any buffet). The drinks were wonderful, especially the Mojitos prepared at the Lobby Bar.I would recommend this resort and would happily return!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All Inclusive gets good review We have been coming to Puerto Rico for 25 years but the road from the airport to the Melia Paradisus had never been so crouded or wet. Neverless the New Paradisus resort at Coco Beach is physicaly impressive and checkin is painless. We were offered an oceasview upgrade for $50.00 addittional but declined. The buffet lunch at avocados was excellent with varied choices and alot of fresh seafood. To order wine or beer for the room, We were told to order food from room service but found this not necessary. The best dinners by fasr were at Bamboo and Romantico. My brother who is a wine expert commented on the limited selection of wine available at Romantico which served gourmet french food. The italian buffet was very good and had a large wine selection. The lobby bar and the adjoing restaurant bar was enjoyable. The staff was very nice and accomodating. Non of the staff had their hand out for extra tips. The transportation to and from the airport is prompt and efficient. the beach is non existant but the pool more then makes up for it.All in all a very enjoyable expierience. The casino is small but adaquate.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Facility, Poor Management Not deserving of the 鈥淟eading Hotels in the World鈥?status. The facilities are beautiful, but the poor management creates a 2 star experience. 1) The better restaurants are booked days in advance and you can鈥檛 book them prior to arrival. So those restaurants really aren鈥檛 available to you during busy seasons. Also the reservation system is horrible with many reservations being lost. Even when the restaurants are booked, there are many empty tables. I suspect the capacity is linked to lack of cooking staff. Also, while there are plenty of choices in the buffet, the food is NOT 5 star.We were served our bread without butter at Romantico. It took a half hour and 5 requests to finally get it. 2) The music around the pool and expansive lobby area is way, way, way to loud. You can鈥檛 talk, you can鈥檛 think and the music is often annoying. I love loud music and concerts, but a pool side and lobby is for relaxed talking. It鈥檚 simply a matter of turning the volume down.3) The towel situation around the pool is out of control. People get up at 6am to reserve chairs and by 8am they are all taken. Granted we were there the week after Christmas but there has got to be a better way to manage the chairs and towels.4) Don鈥檛 expect a beach, there isn鈥檛 one. The ocean frontage is on a lagoon though, so the free sail boats, pedal boats and kayaks are a wonderful option here not possible on a regular beach.5) The employees are very friendly but ill informed about everything. Many do not speak English. 6) Take a cab to and from the airport. The cab fair is about $57 for four people. The hotel shuttle charges $120 each way and makes you wait 陆 an hour at the airport.All in all the problem is lack of training of the employees, lack of good cooks, and lack of quality employees. The computerized reservation system also needs replacing to end all the lost reservations. It's a shame to see such a wonderful facility end up so screwed up from lack of better management.The 鈥淟ead or not to lead鈥?and 鈥淣ot Deserving 鈥淟eading Hotels of the World鈥?reviews elsewhere cover many other issues quite well. I would wait on this one until the management sorts out the biggest kinks. It's a new faciltiy with lot's of employees that needed to be hired and it's just going to take time to get it all organized. But better management could get it organized much faster then they have. In the meanwhile they should lower the hotels capacity until they get their act together to avoid bad guest experiences.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great getaway After my husband and I booked our reservation at the Paradisus, I read some online reviews and got a little concerned. I'm glad I decided to form my own opinions because we had a great time. We had no problem making reservations for both Romantico and Bamboo once we checked into our bungalow. We thought the staff was very friendly and attentive. The bed was a little hard, but we were able to sleep fine. There was a nice variety of food.The beach definitely left alot to be desired, but Luquillo beach isn't that far away if you want to swim somewhere beautiful. The casino was a little small, but if you aren't a serious gambler, it was adequate.Overall we would definitely return to Paradisus especially during this time of year. It was not very crowded, and if you're looking for relaxation, this is the place  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Worldtraveler
<Content>To lead or not to lead The Leading Hotels of the World should be ashamed of issuing this resort a membership and a 5-star rating.Here is what we experienced, after staying for 5 nights and this is how we think Paradisus should be rated:Basically, the pool is their main attraction, with a few hitch; loud booming background music (you won't be able to hear yourself thinking, you'll end up having a headache), the surrounding gaming activities, that could be relocated someplace else, not enough beach/pool towels, which according to the rules, one per guest, and sometimes they run out of the towels and lounge chairs that are stained with bird droppings. Tacky. -1 star rating.Although, there is another pool, catered to the Royal Service guests, which in my opinion that's how a 5-star resort ought to be, with well kept grounds, no loud and booming background music, towels waiting for you at your lounge chairs. I also found out later, that RS guests can have unlimited use of internet, newspaper and movie channels, whereas the non-RS guests get none of those, internet is $.40 per minute, no newspaper or newsfaxes, no single movie channel ($9.95 if you want to rent). Tacky. -2 star rating.The resort has no beach whatsoever, even though it is heavily advertised for its beautiful beaches. Misleading. -2 star rating.It does have beautiful grounds, which in my opinion was not so well kept with few places/areas where you'll see littering, with unattended leftover cups/drinks, plates, utensils, etc, causing all kinds of unwanted bugs and birds. Disgusting. -1 star rating.The staff was friendly (way too friendly, sometimes that is a sign of trying too hard to please). +1 star rating (not possible).There are six restaurants, and two of them are their claim-to-fame restaurants, Bamboo and Romantico (which I don't understand the fuss over them on getting reservations) are basically a la carte (Bamboo is like Benihara and Romantico is so-called French and the rest (besides La Mirador, which is also a la carte, Mexican) are buffet style and not so great. I think Las Vegas has a better buffet spread. Nasty. -1 star rating.The bed, well, way too hard (I think the floor was softer than the mattress), and beware of the bed bugs (and not Paradise), aka, fleas. Also, beware of the marble floors, they are SLIPPERY WHEN WET!!! The rooms are cleaned, superficially, they are not swept or vaccumed, and the terraces are left with cigarette butts from other guests. The bed sheets are not changed daily, but recycled from your stay until you leave, I hope. Creapy. -2 star rating.Since it was our first time at the resort, I'm glad to say it would be our last time. I don't believe the resort deserves the status of the LHW, even though it is a bought membership, or a 5-star resort (if my math is right, this resort should be rated as -8 star). Sorry Paradisus, better luck next time. Maybe you should take all the reviews into consideration and make it as a lesson-learned for future improvement.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luv2TravelOften
<Content>Not deserving of "Leading Hotels of the World" rating POSITIVES: 1. Beautiful grounds, lobby and room2. Bamboo and Romantico restaurants (two that need reservations) extremely nice3. With some exceptions, buffet restaurants very good4. Most of staff was very pleasant. A few (Lashaun -lobby bar waiter; Richard - lobby bar waiter; and Julio - shuttle driver) were outstanding b/c they were so responsive and friendly, and seemed to genuinely care.5. Beds were great, but we like firm mattresses.6. Showers in rooms had great water pressure.7. Drinks were great. You don't get beer on tap in plastic cups everywhere. Medalla (local beer) is great. Also have Corona and Coors Light. Booze isn't well quality (i.e., they had Absolute vodka, Dewers scotch, etc.)8. The built-in lounge chairs around the edge of the pool in a couple of spots are great. They're hard b/c they're concrete, but they keep you cool because they're a couple of inches beneath the water level.9. We were with a corporate group, and alll of the activities and services associated with our seminars were great.NEGATIVES:1. This is our biggest complaint. The open-air lobby is beautiful, with seating areas all over. The problem comes in with volume of the music and the activities. (My husband is 39 and I am 44, so we're not crabby old people.) A lobby should have background music, not loud speakers that make it impossible to talk. In the evening, a female singer and a piano player perform right next to the lobby bar, and the decibel level is deafening because of the amplification system. Even if you go to the farthest seating area in the lobby, you still have to scream to be heard by the person sitting in the chair next to yours. They say that part of the problem is that the hotel is struggling (40+% occupancy when we were there the first week of December, which is the high season). As a result, they supposedly allow locals to use the hotel facilities. I'm assuming that it was local people who were dancing in the aisles of the lobby to the singer's music, encouraging her. There is another bar next to the casino, 50 steps from the lobby, called the Fun Bar. It has a stage, couches, disco lights, etc. We think this is where the live entertainment should occur. During one rainy day, a game of bingo was conducted in the lobby. Again, even though the players were all seated within 20 feet of the caller, she used the amplification equipment, so anyone else trying to enjoy the lobby in peace was subjected to her obnoxious screaming. Even going to the farthest point in the lobby didn't help that day. We left.At the pool, there are two stereo systems, one near the bar and one near the activities hut where you pick up towels, etc. They play different music, but you can hear both from almost all parts of the pool area. The girls in the activities hut constantly change the volume, stop and restart songs, etc. It's just obnoxious.2. After the fact, we learned that each room is supposed to come equipped with two umbrellas. Ours had none. On the morning it rained, we sprinted to the shuttle stop hut, and waited over 1/2 hour for the shuttle to come. It never did. (It's supposed to make the rounds every 5 minutes.) When the rain subsided a bit, we ran to the lobby. When we told the porter that the shuttle hadn't come, he said he hadn't seen it in over an hour. He told us to complain at the front desk, which we did. 3. Staff at pool bar were lazy. Not very attentive to female patrons, if unescorted. Waitress one day sat on stool at bar, talking to bartenders and lifeguard and didn't even make rounds of pool area to take drink orders.4. Much of staff seem young and immature. They play around with each other a lot, instead of tending to the guests. Probably has a lot to do with negatives 1. and 3. above.5. There really is no beach. I thought it would be small, but people weren't even venturing into it. The sand is riddled with large rocks and broken shells.6. This is slightly minor, but the stools in the swim up bar are too high.7. There were mites running around the ice cream container in the Avacado restaurant one afternoon at lunch.CONCLUSION:While it was a very nice hotel, I wouldn't rate it a 5-star or give it membership in the Leading Hotels because it's just not elegant enough for the price ($600 per night). It's ambience is slightly forced and amateurish. At $300 a night, I'd stay there again, but, without that reduction, we'd try the El Conquistador next time.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Diffinate Repeat It was like paradise, like they advertise. The staff was very pleasant and friendly from arrival to departure. The rooms, inside and out were beautiful and very clean. Meals in the Romantica and the Bamboo were excellent and Service Superb. The restaurants which were selfservice were also pleasant, you were consistantly served beverages or whatever you needed. Everytime you entered and departed a room a door was opened for you. The pool is huge and beauiful. We were there just previous to Christmas holidays which made it even more beautiful with very tasteful decorations. We felt pampered in everyway.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a winner My wife and I just returned from 4 nights at Paradisus. Many of the comments I would have made are on the preceding review (nice job 鈥淎 trip advisor from Atlanta鈥?. This person covered the pros and cons quite well. I agree with all that was said. I too was a little concerned about the beds (and some other concerns raised) and while they are strangely hard, I slept really well so maybe they know something I don't. We also rented a car and even if you don鈥檛 drive to Old San Juan do the rainforest or drive Route 187鈥攊t鈥檚 the back way to San Juan and it hugs the coast and was very nice. I stopped at a beach on my way back from a fishing trip and it was huge, lots of soft sand and quiet鈥攏o one there on a Saturday around noon.The main lobby bar is superior to the pool bar in my opinion. We were in Service Royale so we did the private pool once but it was really quiet鈥攚hich can be good鈥擨 guess it鈥檚 all relative I suppose. It was also nice to have a private room to have cocktails and snacks in but beyond that (and the pillow menu) I don鈥檛 know if it鈥檚 really that big a deal鈥攂ut it was nice.We couldn鈥檛 get the concierge to budge on early reservations when we called but I agree it鈥檚 worth trying. We had no problems getting into Romantico or Bamboo once we arrived and they were quite good. Breakfast at the Mirador was good because it was so close to the ocean but Avocado seemed to have a better selection of fruits and they made omelets and smoothies and such.The entertainment is a bit hokey but they put their hearts into it and there鈥檚 lots of energy so at least they were trying. I signed up for a scuba/snorkeling trip and that was fun (it leaves from the marina at El Conquistador about 40 minutes away). $65 to snorkel or $105 to dive but it was fun. And taking kayaks and sailboats out (price included) was fun, too.Service is a bit slow but most of the staff seemed sincere in their greetings and wanting to please us. But they also weren鈥檛 shy about accepting tips (we limited tipping and didn鈥檛 feel 鈥渃heap鈥?when we didn鈥檛 tip).We liked putting our lounge chairs in the grass between the pool and the beach under either the palm trees and/or umbrellas鈥攚e then had the best of both worlds.It seemed extremely slow (customer-wise) which made it nice but I鈥檒l bet when it鈥檚 busy slower service could really be a problem. We鈥檒l go back but we鈥檒l probably go this time of year again (early Dec) when it鈥檚 not real crowded (and a little cheaper).Enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Know What to Expect and Prepare Accordingly Just returned from a quick weekend getaway here with my wife. We were a little worried after some of the reviews, but decided to act on some previous tips left on this board and in some ways, altered our expectations.The property itself is beautiful. The lobby and common areas, restaurants and rooms were very nice. The beds, however, are rock hard. If you have trouble sleeping on a hard bed, don't stay here. The property is also very large, thus, request in advance a bungalow nearer the service areas if you don't want to have long walks to the restaurants and pools. The resort shuttles run regularly, but are not always there when you're ready.The restaurants were good. Before you arrive (5-7 days), call and speak with the concierge and insist on making reservations at the reservation only restaurants prior to arrival, otherwise, you will be eating at the buffet restaurants. Breakfast and lunch are buffets, food is okay, but not great. The reservation restaurants were really good. Drinks were non-stop at a variety of bars, but a little slow when seated at a table. At dinner, a variety of wine options were offered and all sampled were good. The pool area is great, very expansive. If you want to avoid music, the activities crowd and kids, you will want to reserve your room with Service Royale, which has a private pool and bar w/ no kids. The beach has water sports (kayaks, sail boats) for use, but it's not a swim/snorkel beach. The resort has a one towel per person rule as well that works through a card trade-in system, which for a high-end resort was a little disappointing.Nightime activity is a little slow. A cruise style entertainment show is offered each night around 10. There is a small casino. The lobby bar area has live music nightly and many guests mingle in this area. We rented a car since it was the same cost as the shuttle provided by the resort ($60 per person round trip). It's about a 30 minute drive from the airport. Rule of the road in PR seems to be that traffic lanes and lights are merely suggestions...drive carefully. The car was nice as the resort is about a 10 minute drive to the El Yunque rainforest, which makes for a nice day trip and we didn't have to book a package through the resort. The resort charges $10 a day for parking, which I thought was a little odd given there was ample parking available throughout the resort. I think locals use the casino and also the convention meeting area for private events, thus the charge. The spa onsite is very well equipped, but also very expensive. Take what you expect to pay at a normal resort spa and add about 50%.We enjoyed our weekend for what it was...a quick getaway. The staff is friendly, but not always attentive...they definetly run on island time. I did find that a well placed $5 tip at the bar or to a cocktail waiter would keep you in good drink more quickly...otherwise, all gratuities are included. For me, the food variety was wearing thin by night 3, so I could not imagine a week-long stay. For the price we paid ($435 room rate secured through lhw website) we felt it was an excellent value for comparable services and what would have been spent had the resort not been all-inclusive. If you do go, a few tips: - Make Restaurant Reservations for Romantico and Bamboo before you go. Politely insist via phone call to concierge. - If you want to avoid children and noise, book w/ Service Royale. - If you are wanting to enjoy the pool bar portion of the all-inclusive, seek lounge chairs near the bar. You're going to be walking to the bar quite often...the pool bar cocktail waitress is non-existent. - Footwear is a good idea for walking on the beach. The area is ideal for watersports, but not for swimming or snorkeling. If you're looking for those activities, this resort is not for you. - Don't expect Ritz or Four Season service, do expect courteous employees and a very scenic property  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pretty place, horrible food, bad service and has nothing to do at night for kids this place looked nice and had a nice pool area, but it had a bad beach that was almost un-swimmable, the food was bad, all of the food was abnormally salty. The beds were very hard, and the service was crappy, 3 out of five nights the hotel ran out of towels and we were left with none, they charge you to use a hot tub/sauna area that comprable hotels give to you for free. the hotels to spread out so going back to the room to get something is a chore. and at night theres little to do if ur not of age to gamble. I suggest that you spend ur money on a hotel thats more experienced and accomadates its clients better.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Getaway for the Family We just returned from four days with our two girls (ages 4 and 6) at the Paradisus Resort in Puerto Rico where we had a terrific time. We found the location, atmosphere, amenities and accommodations completely to our satisfaction for a quick getaway in the carribean. The resort is very attractive with beautiful decorative pools, parrots and lovely open air sitting areas in the main building with comfortable, well appointed and modern sitting areas and decor. THe bathrooms are immaculate and quite impressive looking. The staff for the most part was extremely friendly and provided good service. We did the Royal Service level which from what I could tell allowed us to check in within a separate area furnished comfortably, an offer of a fresh towel, television and refreshments. Also our room faced the ocean and included a tub with jets (jacuzzi like) on the open patio which the kids loved after being at the pool all day. The turndown service and chocolates on the pillows were a nice treat. (one minor complaint - when I asked the butler about the gratuity situation he responded that it was included but we were welcome to tip whoever we wanted - I would have preferred he said it's all included and that's it.)WE stayed in one room which had a big king size bed (a little hard but comfortable) and pullout couch which was fine since we did not spend much time there. It was very comfortable and clean.. and included a small refrigerator stocked with juice, water and soda at all times. The bathroom had a huge walk in shower and enormous towels and nice bathrobes. The pool layout was our absolutely favorite part... big and inviting with a small baby pool attached and 3 and 4 foot deep areas for swimming. (The beach was okay.. kind of rocky and mucky in the water but the kids loved scavenging for hermit crabs). I loved the big covered canopy beds around the pool area for lounging as well as the lounge seating in the pool itself. We all loved swimming over to the pool side bar and sitting in the water to order drinks. My four year old became a big fan of virgin strawberry daiquiris and highly recommend the mojitos! THere is also poolside drink service but it was kind of sporadic and if you want something to munch in you do have to walk back to one of the restaurants.The activity hut was a center of things happening all day long for adults and kids. Music plays constantly and they announce different scheduled events including water aerobics, pool volleyball and basketball.. there's a ping pong table, pool tabel and oversized chess game as well as lots of different fun board games, float boards and noodles to borrow. They will watch children ages five to twelve also and have salsa lessons poolside in the afternoon. There is also a small playground area right by the pool with a table that had occasional craft projects in the afternoon. The only slight downside for small kids was the evening after dinner there was usually a show of some sort but not until 10 pm. I found out after a couple of days that they also had a fun kids disco and games at 9:30 each night but this was not well publicized. The staff were great with kids. Also one night we were told there would be crafts and activities before the show and it never materialized.Food-wise we were very pleased with the choice of six restaurants. We ate breakfast and lunch every day in the open air patio restaurant by the beach which is a buffet with lots of good healthy and not so healthy choices! Our favorite restaurant was Bamboo for a delicious beni-hana type meal. Make your reservations because it's worth it and they have a kids menu for an alternative. WE never ate at Romantico because children must be twelve or older but heard from many it was fabulous for french food, atmosphere and service. We were pleased by the other restaurants (all buffets), found pizza and an Olive Garden type menu at the Italian place and did okay at the Puerto Rican and California restaurant.WE also utilized the babysitting service which was reasonable ( $12 per hour for two children and a $15 transportation fee) to get away and play nine holes of golf which was also very nice. The woman was very friendly and loved children (Evelyn) and brought a bag of toys and games to play with!All in all a great getaway and change of scenery for people with our without children!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reginalampert
<Content>dazed and confused staff-just so-so property We didn't know where to stay on this trip to P.R., (our first few choices were already booked) so after researching endlessly, we chose Paradidus based on awful reviews of Westin Rio Mar  Wyndham El Conquistador. Well, service here isn't cold  indifferent, and food is included, so there are no $22 burritos, but although the staff is nice, things are slow to be done, passed off on others who don't understand your request (sort of like playing telephone, where the message becomes garbled by the time it reaches the last person) and get things mixed up--example--in Bamboo made special request for a dish, and after waiter checked, he said it was no problem--then I waited, and the rest of the dinner was prepared by the teppan yaki chef. At the end of the meal another person came by to ask how the meal was, and I mentioned this special appetizer that never arrived. The waiter finally showed up as we were leaving to go to the show for the evening. He apoligized, and said that he would bring me the dish, but we were already late, and we had finished dessert ( they forgot our coffee too), so I can't give the restaurant high ratings despite the staff's good intentions.The rooms were nice and spacious and we were upgraded to Royal Service. This meant that we had exclusive access to a special lounge with concierges, we also had a Butler (Javier) whom we met upon check-in and never saw again. The snacks and food in Royal service looked as though they were never replenished, so even though there was a 10-12 person wait for the regular buffet breakfast, if you looked in the Royal Service lounge there was really nothing to eat. Oh, and by the way, the concierges were obsessed with their computers but it would take hours to confirm a reservation in one of the good restaurants. Both times that we ate at Romantico, we noticed that the place was 4/5ths empty, yet it was almost impossible to squeeze us in according to the concierge.It rained continuously while we were there, and that led to two problems. One, the marble floors were always wet and slippery, even hours after the rain had subsided from a torrent to a mere drizzle, floors in the restaurant were wet and nobody would clean them, so I wound up doing it myself. Secondly, I'm a spa junkie, and so when rain prevented beach days I checked out the spa. Well talk about expensive, a therapeutic massage (80 minutes) cost around $200.00. Most facials don't provide extractions, and the ones that do were outrageously priced as well.The entertainment was good. Especially good was a guitarist named Juan Carlos--he is extremely talented as a guitar player (flamenco, classical, and contemporary) and had a magnificent voice. The rest of the entertainment was up to cruise ship standards. The casino was petite and it was clear that nobody was winning.It didn't really matter that there was a special pool for Royal Service clientele, because there was no sun or reason to go to the pool the entire time we were there.Do yourselves a favor and rent a car at the airport and you'll save money. Car rental at the hotel is more expensive and their shuttle service is costly. Even when the weather is good, you'll at least want to visit El Yunque, the rainforest (bring your National Park Service Golden Eagle Pass and you won't have to pay the entrance fee at the Visitor's Center). You should also see Old San Juan, with lovely shops, great Spanish Colonial architecture and a fabulous Indian restaurant--called Tantra (the chef previously was head chef at the defunct Hyatt Cerromar). We've eaten Indian food all over the world, and this restaurant ranks in the top 3.Parking costs $10/day and there are not enough spaces. The system for payment is stupid and archaic. There seem to be more local conventions going on at Paradisus, than couples or families visiting from off-island, so that is why we think the parking lot situation was always dire. While the rain kept pouring we had nothing better to do, so we drove just to look over the Westin and the Wyndham (mentioned above). They both were more established and lusher, obviously more upscale looking than Paradisus. The El Conquistador was hard to find, but looked spectacular from the little we saw. On the way to the airline terminal we met a couple who had spent a few days there, and they confirmed the attitude problem with the service there, but were not too put out by the food prices.I think that next time I go on a tropical vacation I won't be so put off by spending the entire arrival and departure days travelling with connecting flights, and we'll go someplace that I've always longed to go--like Virgin Gorda or St. Lucia.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good and the bad After waiting for all of the opening kinks to work themselves out I finally visited the Paradisus 11/06-09 with some female friends, all in our early 40's. I am 20 year plustravel agent and searched out a great rate of $350.00 per night on Sol Melia's website for each room.The Positives:Absolutely beautiful property despite the lack of a swimmable or attractive beach.The public areas come close to any Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons, great decor in all of the restaurants and lounges, extremely clean and well kept, stunning bathrooms, obviously money well spent in building this property. The rooms were lovely although mine had a mustly odor and they are a touch dark. The hard beds do growon you after a night or two. The grounds are very nice and the landscaping is filling in all around. The food was very good except for Toscano, the Italian buffet which the staff tends to push you towards. Avocados has an excellent buffet for all 3 meals. Both Romantico and Bamboo were worth the visit, great food and service. Even though they say they will not take reservations before you arrive for either, insist on it, otherwise you will be dissapointed when you arrive if you're only there for a short stay. We had to jump thru hoops to get reservations at each once we arrived, but it was worth it. What the hotel is lacking in is available snacks with your drinks poolside during the day. The Royal Service Pool was a pleasure and the covered king beds around the pool were heaven, but many times during the day we kept saying some chips and salsa would be nice or some type of snack without having to take the long walk back to one of the restaurants.Service was spotty. The bar staff all around was excellent as were most of the restaurant staff but you found at least a couple of lazy workers in each restaurant.We made a habit of tipping the better bartenders and wait staff and found them to then be even more attentive, it's worth the $5 or $10 here and there.The spa was wonderful. I had two seperate treatments and found the facilities to be very nice and the therapists well trained, although their 50 minute treatments are more like 45 minutes.The Negatives:If you are 3 or more people don't bother with the Paradisus shuttle when you arrive at the airport. It runs $30.00 per person each way. We were 6 and the rep tried to put the 6 of us in a delapidated taxi-van at the Paradisus cost of $180.00 total. The taxi driver didn't speak the best English and was confused by the Paradisus rep's voucher. I asked what the actual cost was and found it was $66.50 plus tip. We sent the rep on his way with a tip for his trouble and paid the taxi driver directly. We did use the shuttle on the return as some of us had different flights and knew it would be difficult to get a taxi from the hotel.The beach is an unfortunate failure and from what I can see is unredeemable. The water is murky as far out as you can see and the sand is quite muddy. They do have lounge chairs spread around the higher level of sand which is still mostly dirt with broken shells spread throughout but there is never anyone in them or in the water unless they are taking a kayak or sunfish sailboat ride. The hotel is best marketed not as a beach resort and I think they are learning to take the focus off the beach.We were upgraded from the standard room to Royal Service rooms and were very grateful. However, checkin was very confusing, first I was told my 3 rooms was actually 1 for 6 people yet 6 could not stay in one room, obviously! After 1 hour of waiting in the lounge we were given our 3 rooms at 4pm but they weren't ready. We were shuffled off to lunch and at 5pm the rooms were ready but it took another 25 minutes to get our luggage. There were 2 large groups in-house and the hotel was sold out that evening, it showed. When I asked about dinner reservations for our 3 evenings I was told Romantico and Bamboo were sold out and we should go to Toscano. I had called the day prior to arrival and refused reservation and told we would have no problem when we arrived. When I informed the girl of this she got us dinner in Romantico for our 3rd night.Toscano is a beautiful restaurant but the food was mediocre at best. In addition, you wait 10-15 minutes to be seated in a half empty restaurant. People are lined out the door with many available tables inside. It's buffet service, no reason to keep you waiting for a table. After dinner I stopped back in the RS Lounge to insist on reservations for Bamboo the next night and after describing out unsatisfactory meal at Toscano I was told they would see what they could do. Later that night I had a message confirming Romantico for the next night also but still no Bamboo. It was not until an incident the next day that they finally obtained a 930pm reservation ourlast night and Romantico the second night.Watch your valuables. Put everything in the room safe. One of my traveling companions came in off her balcony to find a staff member going through the purse of her roomate who was at the gym. He lied to excuse himself and apologized but he unfortunately tried to cover for himself with management with a different story and in the end was not believed. The incident was reported and the management took the information and assured us it was a very serious issue but in the end the man was just suspended for 4 days, so we heard thru another employee. There was no further contact from management after the incident and it did not leave a very good taste in our mouth's. Fortunately nothing was actually stolen.Conclusion:For the rate we paid, it was a very good value. I did advise management that they have a long way to go before they can command the type of prices they are asking during the high season. There are still a number of issues with the property that need to be worked out. I think though despite the beach, this will eventually be a top resort for those just looking for a relaxing getaway in nice surroundings.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort but just a few kinks in 1111 We just returned yesterday from a long weekend here. Loved the grounds, beautiful surroundings quite tranquil. The food was good at the buffets (sometimes great) but Romantico was the place to eat (we did 3 times) Jose and Roberto offered outstanding service. Most staff were extremely friendly and genuinely concerned with the quality of our stay. A few kinks need to be worked out though, liquor drinks were light on the pour so you might want to ask for a double and bar service at the pool could definately be improved upon. There seemed to be conflicting information between staff members as well, keep in mind the shuttles from the lobby to the rooms run every ten minutes no matter what anyone tells you. All in all it was a weekend in paradise and we are looking forward to making this our annual getaway.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one good thing...the spa The spa @ the Paradisus was great, my husband and I shared a special anniversary spa day together. The spa staff was top of the line and professional. However we were not pleased with the room. the bed was extreamly hard, the room and bathroom had poor lighting, they have not yet worked out the electrical kinks...we had trouble gaining entry to our room twice and the response time was unacceptable (a 30-45 minute wait each time).  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlBrent
<Content>Paradisus Is As Nice As The Brochure Returned yesterday from 5 days at the Paradisus. It is absolutely beautiful. They boast six restaurants, but 3 are together in adjacent rooms. Instead they provide 3 different menus you can choose from as you enter. The wait staff is very nice. Most speak English. All of the staff even helped me with my limited Spanish. The 2 (Bamboo and Romantica) restaurants where you must make reservations are worthwhile. Dress code for men at these 2 are long pants and no tennis shoes. Food is average to good. We selected what looked good, tried a few new things and ate what we liked; didn't eat what we disliked. Breakfast and lunch are pretty much buffets so it is impossible to not find something good to eat.The grill on the beach is wide open with roof to ward off the sun and occasional showers. Very nicely done. Food is good. 2 in our party ordered hamburgers and 3 of 4 burgers were served very bloody. There was no problem getting the burgers recooked tho.We rented a car from Cabrera one day to drive to Old San Juan and the next day to El Yunque (rainforest). There was some overcharging the first day due to the employee at Cabrera not speaking English. Evidently she lied to Cabrera about speaking English. When I returned the 2nd day for the rainforest car, Cabrera reduced the overcharges and satisfied me. What the employee did not tell us is there is a $25 charge if Cabrera must pick up the car at the hotel. They were very fair in that regard after I told the 2nd day employee about the pick up charge. The concierge will arrange your hotel sponsored trips and/or the rental cars.Rooms were beautiful. All are suites. The royal upgrade we did not participate in. I do not think you have to unless you want to have an direct ocean view. A slightly obstructed ocean view is what you get otherwise.Bathrooms are granite (marble?). Towels are huge - maybe 5 feet long. Great for the women wrapping around themselves.Had a great time. I would go again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMascott
<Content>Wonderful vacation! After a glorious week in Puerto Rico (Aug 22-28, 2004), it is difficult to be home. My husband and I had a wonderful time. Everything the Paradisis had to offer was wonderful... Advice: Don't avoid the day excursions organized by the hotel but operated by a separate company. If you are penny pinching you may save a few pennies if you rent a car, but the organized excursions were fun and educational. The guides speak both English and Spanish. We opted for three (old San Juan, the El Yunque Rainforest and a day of snorkeling in Fajardo). The trips are nicely organized, the buses are comfortable, and who knows, you may strike up a nice conversation with others! There's no shortage of wonderful things to say....  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>30andover
<Content>A VIP experience My husband and I went to the Paradisus 8/16-8/20/04. We booked a 1 bdrm royal ste, the hotel and room was breathtaking.............The ride from the airport was about 30-35 min, no problem as soon as we checked in we were ushered into the Royal Guest Lounge w/2 mimosa awaiting us. We had a upgrade with package we booked (oceanview) no problem they took care of it while we where at our adults only pool in the private cabana.....This resort are for those seeking a calm relaxing vacation with premium drinks and service. I would like to thank Jose (our butler)  Veronica in (Royal Service)..........we had a great time Tonya  Cliff  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon at Paradisus Just came back from our honeymoon stay at the Paradisus. We had a wonderful honeymoon here. We had a room in the 1300 building with a great view of the mountains and the landscaped grounds. Service was outstanding. We ordered room service half of the nights we were there and we always got our food within 30 minutes. The room was great. Very clean. The bathrooms are nice with an outstanding shower and nice sized tub. The air conditioning was excellent. The lunch buffet at the Grill was just ok, with a limited menu. The breakfast buffet there, however, was excellent. We had two outstanding dinners at the Italian restaurant. The pool is wonderful. The beach is just ok--not really a swimming beach. Still, the beach area is shallow so one can safely enjoy boating or paddling (this was important to us since my wife cannot swim). We rented a car for a day and went to El Yunque and shopped at the outlet mall. We used Cabrerra rental (50 bucks for day). Highly recommend renting car rather than taking taxis or organized day trips. Everyone was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. We will definitely return again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time Just returned froma week's stay at Paradiscus. The place was fabulous, the grounds were very impressive. We were always made to feel at home. Edwin at the Royal Service Pool was the greatest. Jennifer at the front desk, knew us by sight and always looked for us at events. We did have a few complaints, slow bathtub, light out and it was fixed immediately when we told the front desk. The followup calls to make sure the work was completed was unbelievable. The restaurants were good, Bamboo and Romantico were superb. The other restaruants feature buffets - sometimes good, sometimes okay. Everything was plentiful and the Towel have to be the plushest towels I used at a hotel in a long time. The conceriege level was great. Always someone there to point you in the right direction. The drinks were made to order. Frankie was by far the best service staff member, He drove us around in the golf cart and showed us everything. Emillio, Roberto, Dario just to name a few were excellent. We are still looking for our butler Alex- actually just kidding, last day we found him : )  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful This resort is beautiful! The staff is helpful, the food is very good, and the grounds are incredible! Our only complaint is that the beds were so hard it was unpleasant to even sit on them.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bait  The resort was beautiful, and the accomodations great, but the management plays games with the restaurants. Paradisus won't take restaurant reservations until you check in. Half hour after check in, we were told both Bamboo and Romantico were full for both nights of our stay. My husband paid the concierge and we were given lunch at Bamboo, dinner at Romantico. 10 tables were open for 3 hours at Romantico! They are obviously boxing people out of the expensive restaurants and sending them to the buffets--where the food is cheap and terrible. Inexcusable in an all-inclusive. I'd never go back. Oh, and the beach is miserable.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No beach Beautiful grounds.. great pool.. good food..nice staff..BUT NO BEACH..IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A BEACH RESORT THIS IS NOT THE PLACE...the sand is very rocky,you must wear sandals or you will cut your feet on the rocks,the water is not your typical clear carb.beach water it is murky and always appears dirty,we never saw anyone swimming at the beach. I attempted to go in the water,BUT MY FOOT GOT STUCK IN THE MUD!Also they could have more activities for kids,our three kids started to get bored..On the whole the place needs some help..especially the beach.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort w/a few flaws I recently stayed at the Paradisus Resort and your first impression of the actual resort is awe. The resort is beautiful. The detail in the architecture and the decorating is great. The Lobby, the pool, and the grounds are beautiful.Upon our arrival, we were offered a tour by Emilio, one of the bellman. He was great. He gave us a tour aboard a golf cart and escorted us to our room. The rooms are truly nice. Very large. Big bathrooms with large soaking tubs, bath robes, a king sized bed (yes, it was very hard), a sitting area and a balcony.We attempted to experience every facet of the resort....each of the restaurants, the casino, the pool, etc. The food in the restaurants was good, however the service was lacking, with the exception of the Romantico and Bamboo, which provided good service. The casino was tiny and not very exciting. The pool was nice. Very large, nice built in loungers and even cabanas with padded mattresses nearby.My few complaints, I'll simply list:-Mattress was entirely too hard. Drink enough so as to just pass out!-Activities at the resort were limited. Basically you could eat, drink, swim, gamble and do it again! I recommend renting a car and experiencing the island.**My Number 1 Complaint!!!!! - Apparently they sell day passes ($100) to residents of the island. This wouldn't be too bad, but we had a number of busses come one day. Nothing against the locals, after all I am PR, but the resort was overtaken by many many kids and teenagers who were very loud and boisterous and naturally weren't very caring for those of us who spent the money to be there to enjoy the tranquility of the resort. My suggestion would be to limit the number of day passes!!!! Peace and quiet one day, and then all hell broke loose at the pool for two days. It wasn't too much fun!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place, Not Great Service I'll start by saying that I got to go for free... so it's hard to complain. The place is beautiful. You can tell it's still new and they are still working on some of the gardens, etc. to make it even more attractive. The only really disappointing thing was the service. We never could get a hold of anyone (concierge, front desk, travel office, etc.) by phone. Room service took 1-2 hours for everyone we knew staying there. Many of the restaurants clearly didn't have enough staff. Many of our questions about the island and activities were difficult to impossible to get answered. Getting information anywhere on the island is a challenge. We were there on a Puerto Rican holiday and not a single Puerto Rican person knew what the holiday was for or how it would affect services, activities, etc. My last comments are just random things. First, the bed was the hardest I've ever slept on, but I actually loved it after the first night's sleep. Second, and most weirdly, the resort employs a mime (yes, a mime!) to wander around the restaurants (even the really nice ones) to entertain the guests. They need to get rid of the mime. Mimes freak everyone out and can only spoil the mood of any meal.Overall, definitely a nice place - just be ready for sloooow service and don't expect a lot of useful information about the island from the employees.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We just came back from a Paradisus resort after a week stay - (07/07/04 - 07/15/04), we had a wonderful time : ) The food was great in every restaurants, the pool was amazing, you don't need to go to the beach at all, but the ocean was very warm. The service was great.The tours provided by hotel to 'Bacardi  Old San Juan' and 'Snorkeling' to the private island were excellent. The only thing was that it was very hard to leave this place. We strongly recommend to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Least favorite all-inclusive Vacationed in May, 2004. I can't complain too much because my husband won this trip, however, I must warn others . . .We have stayed at many all inclusives (Sandals-St. Lucia, Jamaica, Super Club-Grand Lido, Moon Palace-Mexico, etc, etc) and I must say that this was our least favorite. Since this is a new resort I can only hope that within a year this will be a great resort.The problems we incurred:My husband found a large piece of glass in his frosted mug. When we asked to see the manager it took over a 1/2 hour before he arrived. Did not handle the situation properly. We got a better response from the bar manager. My husband remembered seeing the bartender break a glass. Litttle did he know was that the glass fell in the freezer of frosted mugs. Luckily, he did not swallow it and we can only hope that once notified they cleaned out the freezer. T-times were limited at this resort. There was a golf tournament taking place during our stay.Service was very slow. However, they were nice and polite.Room service took about 1.5-2 hours for delivery. When it finally did arrive it was not accurate.There really is no beach.Construction was going on. Pool bathroom ripped apart - noise, etc.During dinner, service isn't that great. They are not too quick to offer you drinks.They allow locals to come in and use the bar/casino. This results in the all-inclusive guests being served slowly at the lobby and casino bars)our tips are included in our price)The Good . . .The pool was nice.Dinners were good. Reservations were made, however, not always needed. With only two in our party we were able to walk in. Food arrived in a timely fashion and was hot. I can honestly say that I will never return to this resort. The prices are too high for the service/faciliites that are included.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We just returned from a two week stay and were overall very impressed. We upgraded to the Royal Service and had a ocean view suite which are very nicely furnished. The balcony has a oversized jacuzzi tub which was great.We found the bed very hard and requested a foam pad which was a big improvement for us. Housekeeping did a excellant job our entire stay. The pools are beautiful and I recommend the palapas which are small huts around the pool with hugh cushions to lay on. We thought the food was very good the buffets offered a wide variety of choices and the sit down restaurants were very good. The hotel itself is simply beautiful and the landscaping is coming along well, it will take a while to mature. There are lots of activity's available for both adults and kids. The spa and helath club were both excellant although the spa is expensive even when you factor the gratuity into the price. Above all though was the attitude and actions of the staff they were fantastic! Always a greeting, a smile, what can we get for you.The management of all areas were always very visible ensuring customer satisfaction. First time at a Paradisus but definately not the last.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VApensfan
<Content>It's getting there My husband, son, and I just returned from a 7 day stay at Paradisus Puerto Rico. All in all we enjoyed our stay. The grounds are absolutely beautiful and the rooms were very nice. We stayed in Royal Service. I guess my biggest complaint was the inconsistency in the service. It was very good at times and not very good at other times. The staff clearly needs more training on hotel policies because if you ask two different staff members the same question you will get two different answers. Most of the staff spoke pretty good english however a lot of the maids did not. If you are looking for a good beach find another property because the beach is pretty much dirt with a little hint of sand, and there is a lot of coral and sea grass and it is very shallow for long way out. We didn't mind this since we prefer the pool. Royal service has a private pool with a bar which is nice if you want quiet and no crowd. The main pool is huge with a swim up bar and is absolutely gorgeous. During the week not all the restaraunts are open depending on the number of guests. The Bamboo and Romantico are always open and require reservations. The Bamboo was the best in my opinion. The Mirador Grill is open air at the pool and has a little bit of everything if you dont mind the heat and the birds. Our room keys stopped working a couple of times which was kind of inconvenient since the hotel lobby is quite far away. Room service was always pretty quick but needs a little expansion in choices. Overall it is a nice place to stay. I think it will get better as time goes on. I think it is a little overpriced though. Next time I think we will try Paradisus in the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful time My boyfriend and I just got back from staying at Paradisus for 5 full days and we had a wonderful time. The resort is beautiful! The room was amazing, although the bed was pretty hard, it was still a beautiful room. The pool is huge! - no need to even go in the ocean with such a big pool, but it's right there if you want it - with some fun water activities. The staff was super nice - no problems with communication, they all spoke English very well and we got to practice a bit of our Spanish. The food was good, although breakfast buffet was cold a few mornings. We only ordered room service twice, but it came within a reasonable time. My only comment would be for them to expand their room service menu, as it lacked variety. I felt that the food at Bamboo and Romantico (the 2 restaurants that require reservations) was excellent and likewise the service. The Mirador Grill was not open at all the entire time we were there. The casino is a bit small, but still fun. We were there from Monday-Friday, so Paradisus was not crowded at all. They have a wonderful spa, gym, tennis courts and fun activities/games. The whole resort commands relaxation and beauty. There was no need to even leave the resort, but we had rented a car so we went to El Yunque for a few hours - which I STRONGLY recommend if you are looking for some awesome hiking trails and amazing views of the rainforest and of Puerto Rico. We booked the horseback riding tour thru Paradisus, although we could have just drove there ourselves and saved some $$, because they provided transportation but no other perks... But it was still a lot of fun! On our last day we checked out and drove to San Juan and spent the day walking around and taking in the sites - so much fun and lots to do. My only question is why on all these websites do they say that Paradisus is in San Juan?? It's not! It's in Rio Grande, which is about a 45 minute drive East of San Juan....right on Coco Beach. That we found to be very confusing because we didn't realize that it was almost an hour to the hotel...but I'm glad that we rented a car so we could explore on our own!We had a wonderful time and Paradisus Puerto Rico is an amazing resort and we hope to go back real soon!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax and let go!! Paradisus-Puerto Rico.....the warmth and friendliness of the staff makes this resort shine. As the new 'kid on the block' Paradisus is experiencing it's first shake down cruise....However, it should not deter you from coming...particularly if you're looking to do nothing but relax. Paradisus is 'laid back' compared to the other 'glitzy' San Juan hotels. It's a great place for long walks along the beach, and the property. The food options are great...lot's of choices and great quality.The key to truly enjoying a vacation at Paradisus is to (1) relax...and enjoy the friendliness, warmth, and good food.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MMSilverman
<Content>Paradisus was Wonderful! My BF and I stayed at the Paradisus, PR and were Royal Service guests, from May 28 - 31 and on the overall, we had enjoyed ourselves tremendously!Pros: The grounds and landscaping, albeit still very young, were nice enough and weren't an eyesore; for the most part, the staff aimed to please, there were enough activities that were pretty good to keep guests occupied, the pool was beautiful, all the restaurants were operating fully, the casino was a happening place, the bars were packed (also due to the fact that the Resort was fully booked that weekend); our requests for specially prepared foods were obliged; the buffets and foods served at the specialty restaurants - Bamboo (the best Hibachi I've ever had cooked by WingLock!)  Romantico - were not bad at all for an all-inclusive; the gym is one of the best  most equipped in any hotels/resorts we've ever been to; the Spa was wonderful though pricey; Jennifer and Leslie at the Royal Service had made on-the-spot decision to drop us off at the airport when our transfer had left without us.Cons: Some front-of-the-house staff needs to learn to speak English, especially in a popular restaurant like the Avocado; the Paradisus should cater to those with restricted diets (i.e. fat-free, low-fat diets); the staff needs to get their act together when it comes to managing big groups or a lot of guests staying at any one time; the transfer bus had actually left us behind despite the fact that we had confirmed our transfer at a certain time and were waiting at the lobby (this was soon rectified)!; room service for breakfast didn't arrive; the marble floors can be very slippery when wet (from rain).I have to mention that Pablo, Leslie, Jennifer and Yoshira from the Royal Service, and Luis from the Mirador Grill had made our stay all the more enjoyable! Thank you  keep up your good work!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take a pass on this place.... My wife and I just returned from a trip at the Paradisus Puerto Rico. Overall. I would rate the resort extremely average. The resort is beautiful but not yet done. There was construction and landscaping going on, which brought a good deal of noise through out the day. The staff was very friendly, but the service was very inconsistent. The bars were short staffed most of the time and it took a long time to get a drink. On 3 occasions in a 5 day period, the bars ran out of Coconut Rum! The food was average. Breakfast at the poolside cafe offers a buffet that most of the items were cold. Avocado's also offers a breakfast that was much better. The lunch was decent, the highlight being steak and lobster (which they conveniently were in short supply of each day). Dinner at Bamboo was horrible one evening and great a few days later. A lot of this had to do with the inexperienced chief we had the first time. The French restaurant was not very good. The steak meal offered was cold and tasted like pot roast Room service was quick with a limited menu. The evening entertainment provided was good. The beds in the rooms were very hard and the rooms did have high speed internet that was very inconsistent. If you like a beach vacation, this is not the place to go. There is no sandy beach available at this resort you can lay out at. The pool was very nice. The lobby area was very nice with lots of marble but BE CAREFUL- It gets very slippery when it rains. We saw several adults and children fall. I would wait a while before considering to vacation at this resort. The reviews we read on trip advisor were very helpful preparing us for this vacation. I would want to see more positive reviews before booking a trip at the Paradisus Puerto Rico.   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BGJohnson
<Content>Give it a year... We visited the Paradisus as part of a large group in early May. When (if?) this resort works out all its kinks, it will be a top-notch world-class resort.Most of the resort is open-air. Whoever decorated this property spared no expense when it came to architecture. Polished marble and koi ponds abound, along with hundreds of cozy nooks with plush sofas and leather chairs and candles aplenty. Absolutely stunning is the only way to describe the atmosphere.That said, the staff seems to run on their own time, not guests' time. Be prepared to wait for everything. It took two hours after check-in for our bags to be delivered to our room. Our group's welcome reception was set by the pool, but the resort hadn't made arrangments for any lighting, and we mingled and ate in pitch dark.Make your dinner reservations for every night the very day you arrive because reservations are hard to come by. The Bamboo restaurant was tops (asian-themed, with 12 to a table and a grill as the main attraction), but Romantico was our favorite. Elegant fare like lobster bisque and seafood crepes, candles and a stroling violinist help set the stage for a romantic evening. There is also an Italian buffet, Toscano, that was scrumptious. The poolside grill offered mediocre daytime fare but was best in the morning because it featured cooked-to-order omelets that were mouth-watering. Don't bother with room service because we ordered several times and the results were always the same - it took 1 1/2 hour to arrive and when it did the food was cold.The resort offers rental car arrangements, but the rentals are not on-property. We ordered a car for 9AM one day and it didn't arrive until noon. $65/day for a compact car. It's 45 minutes to San Juan, so if you plan on seeing Puerto Rico you WILL need a way to get around. Daily excursions were expensive, averaging $70/pp for a 1/2 day excursion to the rainforest (10 minutes from the resort) to $92/pp for an arranged horseback morning excursion.Nightly entertainment was, for the most part, pretty average cruise ship style stage shows. The adjacent casino was mediocre. The beach was small, though pristine and well-maintained. The pool was fabulous. Don't count on swimming in the ocean, though. The entire perimeter of the waterfront is surrounded by coral reefs, and almost everyone who ventured in the water in our group ended up with wounds to their hands, legs, and feet. Catamarans and kayaks are free to guests, but because of the coral the property doesn't offer any motorized water crafts for rent.The Kids Club offered few activities, though the pool cabana was stocked with board games. The brochure boasted nightly karaoke and a dance club, in addition to aerobics, yoga, and salsa dance classes, but those things were not available during our visit. Souvenirs with the resorts name on them (namely t-shirts, etc) were not available, either, which disappointed our kids.Even if they were slow, the staff was SO friendly it was difficult to be upset about it. The architecture of the majority of the resort was SO stunning that in and of itself it made up for many of the downsides. Still, they have a long way to go. They need a minimum of a year to get their act together before they live up to their hype. I wouldn't go back before that...  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Getting Better I have just returned from a 5 day stay at the Paradisus Puerto Rico. I stayed there as a part of a large group (about 80 people). Our stay was wonderful, but the resort still has a way to go before I would think of returning. I echo the comments made about the beach, it is pretty much non-existent, the water was very shallow and hard to swim in. The pool area was, by far, it's best feature! The staff was very attentive and assisted us in every way they could, even as far as playing our groups own CD's at the pool bar. We loved the Bamboo resturant, but make your reservations early! One of the most common complaint from our group was the stiffness of the beds. They were the hardest beds we had every felt. After a long night enjoying the entertainment on site, though, the hardness of the bed did not matter much! There were still the problems I have read about previously re: some of our group had difficulty initially getting into their hotel rooms as the electronic key did not work, plumbing problems, the landscaping not being completed, the mini bar was not refilled everyday, our room was not made up until after 5PM one of the days...but all in all, this will be a wonderful resort when all the little kinks are worked out.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradisus was great Hi I am a travel agent that just returned with a group of travel agents that did a site inspection of the Paradisus. My impressions were that yes, it does still need some work, but if you stayed there, you will not be disappointed. There are not a lot of people staying there yet, due to the fact that they are still finishing up all the rooms and that it is a new resort, so there is not a lot of action going on yet. However, if you want to play games at the pool, have a good time, the staff was more than willing to help. I am sure in time there will be an excellent kids program when more kids are staying there. Typically, there are not usually any structured programs for teenagers at all inclusives anyway, but when there are more people there, they will be able to meet them and make friends.The resort is absolutely lovely, and for an all inclusive resort, they have excellent food, even on the buffets. They have a great variety of food and it is not the same every day either. The dinner restaurants, Bamboo and Romantico, where you have to make reservations, were really really good. The service was excellent, if a little slow, but please remember that it takes time after a hotel opens to get the staff trained and coordinated. It will be fine. I think it was nice that most of the restaurants were air conditioned, and you don't often find that at all inclusive resorts.The entertainment at night was top-notch, and much better than what I have seen at other all inclusives. The casino was very nice, and a fairly large size. They have lots of meeting and banquet rooms and will be able to accomodate groups very nicely.I thought the rooms, all junior suites, were a very good size. The maid service was ok, there were a few things missing the 1st night, like no soap, but they were very accomodating and brought it right away. There were also a few construction things in the rooms, like they need to get the bathtubs to drain properly, that they are still working on. The beach is nice, a few pebbles here and there, not the most gorgeous beach in the world. So if you are looking for miles and miles of white sand beach, it is not here, not yet. We spoke to the hotel manager, and they said they were working on the situation and they may be able to work on the beach, but they are constrained by the Puerto Rico natural resource department, that wants to preserve the environment as much as possible. So within a few months, hopefully they will be able to spread some more sand on the beach. Some people from our group went in the water, and said it was really nice, not too deep (great for small kids), and very warm. But, I tell you, the pools make up for the beach-they are awesome!So, to me the hotel will be fine-just give it a little more time to mature. We as Americans are so demanding, we want things now, what they have now is absolutely fine, with more to come. The greatest treasure the Paradisus has is the staff-they were the friendliest I have ever met, everyone was very eager to please, and the concierge desk, which was always very busy, was excellent and very patient with the guests.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>O.K. I just stayed, it was ok, food was good, staff need a liilte more traning. I think in a year it will be pretty nice place to stay. All in all we had a fair time. They need to put sand on the beach.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Defintely not 5 stars. Not even 2 stars Not worth the price. Rocks for a beach. Beautiful pool. No activiites for young children. Slow or poor service for food. No business office. Outside tours total rip-off. Go rent a car and explore. Not on a 5 star level. Room okay but average. food was fair. Have seen and eaten much better for far less money. Its a shame. Needs a lot of work and I dont think they could handle a large crowd.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Buyer Beware! The staff was most friendly and anxious to help but management failed to train them and then under staffed them. Food was mediocre and the service non existing though every individual tried very hard. The out door buffet was covered in flies. Not all resturants were opened at the same time and very under staffed. Breakfast was late with the bus girl having to make the coffee (she was so proud since it was her 1st time). No one at the pool to serve drinks. Beach was pebbles. No water in room for 5 hours. Room not made up til 5 PM. No high speed access ( I was charged over $200 for dial up even though there were no signs saying $2 per minute for calls) and the hotel manager offered me $100 off after insulting me by asking me to prove the hotel web site said high speed access. I refrained from telling him what to do with his $100 but I did refuse it. A mater of principle. Not 5 star and I don't know how they got Leading Hotels of the World designation. (I'll never trust that again) Only one golf course opened (not 2) email me and I'll tell you how I really feel. My advise ... don't go! Cancel and go to Westin de Mar or Conquistador.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not what they advertise Went to the Paradisus PR for spring break with my husband and 2 sons, ages 11 and 15. I agree with other reviewers during this time period. The property just opened and had a lot of glitches. As time went on, there were more clients and the children had more friends. However, there was little for the teenagers to do. Except for a beautiful swimming pool and good restaurants, the property did not cater to young adults. The beach was non-functional, which was a major disappointment. We were told by the hotel, before we came, that the beach was complete. The sand was rocky, and full of seaweed. There were no motorized water sports and we had to rent a car to go over to the Westin Rio Mar, which was very expensive and ridiculous. the hotel should have compensated us for their false advertising. The game room was just for videogames. They could certainly have used a pool table or two. The rooms were just okay, spacious, but certainly not 5 star. The housekeeping was terrible. Our room was not cleaned one day and the foyer in front of our rooms was filthy, despite my complaints. Our room telephones did not work and the keys to the rooms often became non-functional. The grounds were not lush and the garden view was very sad-looking. The service was fairly poor in the restaurants and rooms, though everyone was very friendly. Basically, this property will take about 3 years to get up to the level of a true 5 star, Leading Hotel of the World standard.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not ready for prime time Stayed at the resort week of April 5. Resort was 50% open (romms). Main areas were completed but much of the area was under major construction. Pool was great, rooms nice and food excellent. Staff tried but was not ready and the beach has alot to be desired, including rocks and water that is not clear. We had lots a problems including no phone use, bathroom leaks problems with airport transfers, room service and housekeeping inconsistant. May be nice in three months but wait at least that long. The Westin is a much better way to go.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It will be okay!! We did a site inspection March 16-18 for a group that will be staying at Paradisus in November of this year. I have to echo what previous readers have said, still in construction, landscaping on going, etc. We were told that the developer had purchased tons of white sand and after construction was complete intended to spread it under the treed area to make a more comfortable beach. We hope so. One item to add, this hotel opened with a Leading Hotel of the World designation. For those in the travel industry and for those who frequent deluxe resorts you know how difficult this is to obtain and keep. The staff is young but very aware and eager to live up to the high expectations. Our only complaint was the return transfer to the airport which was booked, confirmed and then no one knew anything about it!! We wish the management team much success  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad We booked the Paradisus over the summer with much anticipation. The first all-inclusive resort in Puerto Rico had much appeal. But, when it didn't open in December, January or February, we booked the Westin as a back-up. At the last minute, we decided to take the plunge and stay at the Paradisus for our spring break vacation - April 3-April 8. Positives - beautiful property in spite of the fact that it's not complete. Lovely pool area, a beautiful and welcoming lobby, spacious rooms (we stayed comfortably in a junior suite with our two children ages 11 and 13, excellent fitness center, 4 barely used tennis courts, a good choice of restaurants, excellent service. The staff just wanted to please. Concerns - a very disappointing beach; instead of a wide, white sand beach, it was narrow and full of gravel. I don't know if improvement plans are underway, but I do hope so. The food was adequate, nothing special, but satisfactory for an all-inclusive resort. Bamboo was actually very good and we're dining at Romantico tomorrow night which other guests have said is wonderful. There was still quite a bit of work going but it never felt instrusive. The grounds are still being landscaped so it didn't have that lush feeling of other, more mature resorts. Our experience here is certainly atypical. A large section of rooms are still incomplete so it felt quite empty. There was getting up early to claim chairs or umbrellas, no lines at the buffet for the bar, no difficulty with dinner reservations. It's difficult to know how the staff will handle the crowds once it's totally complete and filled to capacity. I would recommend the resort now and believe it will be really terrific by Christmas vacation!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradisus Confusion   showReview(1733379, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks a lot!!   showReview(1723641, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What is going on?????   showReview(1644810, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book alternate hotel!   showReview(1612090, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Property!!!   showReview(1554586, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a mud hole   showReview(1531932, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely disappointed   showReview(1525553, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give me a break...   showReview(1505116, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sol Melia is Scrooge!   showReview(1503462, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They cancelled us   showReview(1499056, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HOLAFLORIDA
<Content>parking sorpresa   showReview(23062672, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kuru61
<Content>Gran Melia konnte nicht 眉berzeugen   showReview(22391481, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MYLENE_MUNOZ
<Content>EL PEOR HOTEL   showReview(19619628, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>thania_torruella
<Content>ME OFENDIERON   showReview(19584723, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel, bien entretenu. Le service pourrait 锚tre am茅lior茅   showReview(16595357, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotelresort   showReview(16595356, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Alexandra_Garcia
<Content>No te alojes nunca en el Gran Melia!! El servicio es terrible y la piscina est谩 sucia...   showReview(8235525, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>girlprod
<Content>El servicio fue muy bueno   showReview(6599761, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

