<Author>tref70
<Content>best hotel have stayed in, in Barcelona. All staff very friendly. Have just spent 10 nights at this hotel. Booked here as heard that staff were friendly. Have stayed in many hotels over the years and have to say in relation to the staff that in this hotel they are the best. Personal service with people who have personalities. Who bend over to help. Yes hotel is unique in its decor but that just adds to the character. Best hotel I have stayed in its rating.Hotel is about 15 minutes walk to tourist centre and same to beach. Area around the hotel isnt the best but not scary and felt safe all the time. Swimming pool a bit small but what a nice treat to come back in the afternoon to friendly people who help you out. Decor can be a but bright. Is nice to have free alcohol free drinks in room. Must mention bar staff all the lads working there worked so hard. The managers must be proud of them. If all hotels were like this with their staff what bliss.Would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Claire024
<Content>Nice hotel, not a nice area       The room  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>fizz26
<Content>Willow Stayed here for two nights at the beginning of the month, had planned to stay for the week...... The decor was from the 70's. the swimming pool was the size of a large bath and the food in the restaurant was, where do I start....... way over the priced and discusting!!!! Would I stay here again?........ NO! Would I reccommend this hotel? NO  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>kirkfishface
<Content>Unfair Due to loss of my credit card on holiday, I could not show the card used for payment of the room. The staff were very unhelpful, and proceeded to charge for the room but refused to let us stay despite proof of ID. Waste of 拢73. We had to make our way to the airpost and stay there for the evening as it was too late to go anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>AnnieTum
<Content>Not too bad My sister-in-law booked this hotel for us - we all travelled from Ireland for a holiday in Spain. The location was pretty good, although I would have preferred to be closer to the city center. The rooms were clean and pretty spacious. Bathrooms were nice. A/C could have been better - the main vent was right inside the door and you could feel the cool air, but it didn't seem to disperse into the rest of the room. Barcelona in July is pretty hot! But the front desk staff were fantastic. We had booked 3 rooms and one of them reeked of smoke (we hadn't specified a non-smoking room on the reservation). Heric at the front desk literally took us around to several other rooms until we found 3 together that suited us - he couldn't have been more helpful! And another nice touch - the mini fridges in the rooms were complementary!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>xTravellerx
<Content>Good hotel, location not perfect Room was nice and clean. The colors of the hotel are quite strange and bright, but that makes it only unique and more personal. Breakfast was good, and the breakfast room was never too crowded.The service at the hotel bar was very slow, and the only food the bar served were overpriced toast sandwiches.The surroundings of the hotel are not nice: mostly car repair shops and shady looking buildings. Subway is quite nearby, and the Port Olimpic and wonderful beaches are just 15 minute walk away.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Firhouse
<Content>Pere IV upgrade great! A bit challenging to find once we left the underground, but v.glam when we found it.They had put us into a twin room when we had booked a double, and got moved to their only remaining double room suite on the top floor that was huge and had a large terrace - absolutely fabulous.Room Service was very expensive and not particularly great.The health spa was small with a poky sauna, minimal fitness equipment and the swimming pool a little too small for a proper swim, but there was no one in it and this was good fun.Staff lovely and very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MomRocco
<Content>Second Visit to Pere IV Through a bizarre twist of fate, I ended up booked in this hotel on a business trip. I wasn't too excited, but thought that at least I would know what I was getting into. Well, I must say that not much changed since my last trip there and I would still not recommend this hotel to families traveling with children. The area does not feel safe at night and there still are very few dining options nearby. The meal in the hotel restaurant is not worth the cost. I was only at the hotel for 2 nights, which was fine as I really was only sleeping there.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mrsmcmoyne
<Content>dated and grubby The staff are very nice but the place is very grubby and old fashioned. The towels are like cardboard! The area is not nice, a bit industrial..... Would not stay there again. More like a 3 star.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ritanbob
<Content>Nice hotel but poor area Stayed for three nights after a cruise on Med. Hotel was clean, the room comfortable. The reception staff were excellent providing a town map on arrival pointing out places of interest. Although a bit out of the main town it is very handy for a Metro station which is on a direct line to the main places of interest. Our room was large, well furnished and comfortable. Cant pass judgement on the restaurant as we did not use it finding that the meals were expensive and there are plenty of eating places in town. Would recommend it. The surrounding area looks rough but we felt quite comfortable walking back and forward to the Metro.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>spennys
<Content>Very Good Great Hotel, Very clean and tidy. we walked to the hotel from the centre on arrival and it took about an hour (did not realise there was a metro (marina) near). Bar shuts at 12.30 but a pub/club next right next door, looks rubbish but was ok and open till 3am. good for a break with the wife/girlfriend, just bring comfortable shoes. We walked for miles-but it was worth it. Reception could not do enough - they got us tickets for the Barcelona game and booked us in to a nice restaurant (4cats) probably the best reataurant in Barca, not cheap but food A1. Just dont get too drunk and fall over in reception because the lamp stands work out at 拢200. as we found out! hello Marty and Babs. S  B.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>osm80
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I was worried about going to this hotel because of some of the reviews I had read. But I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was an easy 10 minute walk from a main Metro stop, and it was very easy to find. I arrived at 9pm and walked from the Metro to the hotel, and it was very straightforward. Although a walk to Port Olympia is a bit of a trek, but doable in comfy shoes!The hotel itself is very nice, trying hard to be plush but not too tacky. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful and made my party and myself feel very welcome. There was some noise on the first night from the other guests arriving in from a night out, but the second night was very peaceful, just the usual city sounds could be faintly heard.The pool is more for relaxing in than for swimming, but it was all clean and nicely presented. The gymnasium has all the basic equipment you would need to keep on top of your exercise routine.I didn't eat at the restaurant on a evening, but the breakfasts were superb.Overall, this hotel was excellent value for money and I would definitely stay there again if I go to Barcelona, although I would not fly into Barcelona Girona airport as this is over an hour's bus journey away, and was somewhat of a shock to find out!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BournemouthKath
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - would be happy to stay again!! We spent a pre Xmas family weekend at Pere IV and had a fantastic time! We had two adjoining rooms as requested and were very impressed by the size and overall quality of each. The staff were extremely polite and helpful and spoke excellent English- which helped us enormously. We arrived fairly late on the Friday night and just managed to get a table in the restaurant before it closed. We then asked the helpful waiters if 3 of us could have vegetarian meals! ( the menu was typically Spanish with lots of hearty meat dishes!). Although there was absolutely nothing suitable on the menu, a delicious 3 course meal was soon rustled up - Artichoke soup with fresh olive bread, followed by a mixture of roasted Mediterranean veg- including fresh asparagus and artichokes!! The meat eaters in the family enjoyed their meals too and all the portions were huge. Breakfast was also very impressive - we all particularly enjoyed the tortillas. We didn't use the pool or gym area- simply because we didn't have time. We did however go to look at the pool and although small it looked very attractive. The Pere IV is not as central as some other hotels but we walked to the Sagrada Familia in less than 30 minutes. A taxi from the centre of town cost us 6 euros - so cheap that we didn't even try the underground. We would be more than happy to stay in this hotel again - and look forward to the next time.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RebeccaB_1
<Content>How did this place ever get 4 stars?! I've stayed in lots of 4 star hotels around the world and have stayed in other 4 star hotels in Barcelona and by comparison the Pere IV is terrible. It was booked for me as I am on a business trip.Last night and this morning I barely slept at all because it was so noisy. The floors in the rooms are not carpeted and because it is an old hotel there is little or no sound proofing between the floors and as a result when someone walks across the room above you it sounds like thunder and if someone drops something your room practically shakes. There is also no sound proofing between rooms and I was woken up in the morning by the room next door playing dance music. Whilst I did stay on a Saturday night the noise I experienced cannot be attributed to the day of the week because I was disturbed by the kind of everyday noises of people moving around.The rooms are very small, the bed covers are not nice and the complimentary soaps etc are cheap. Our room looks out into an internal atrium so has no view. I suspect 50% of the rooms share this outlook. As well as having no view, the atrium is very noisy because any noise in it echoes and bounces off all four walls. Nothing is what you would expect from a 4 star hotel.The decor is horrible despite what other reviewers have said. Who in their right mind would paint the walls orange and fit a red carpet? It is very dated.Furthermore, the area is not pleasant at all. It is surrounded by mechanics garages and similar businesses. There is nothing nearby of any interest and the area feels dirty and not particularly safe. The only benefit of the location is it's proximity to Razzmatazz night club! It is a good 20 minute walk to the centre.I suspect this hotel has received it's 4 star rating for some reason like the fact it has a swimming pool and a large reception and restaurant. It certainly isn't because the rooms and area are nice. You will not have a 4 star holiday if you stay here.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doneit49
<Content>It's not all that bad From the outside you get a feeling of shabbiness and uninviting, but once you get through the door, you will find a brightly decorated reception with very friendly and helpful staff to help you.Once we were checked in, and pointed in the direction of our rooms, it was a different feeling. Yes the d茅cor is a bit dated, but the rooms were clean andfor the amount of time that we planned to stay in our rooms, it didn鈥檛 discourage us in any way. We had no view at all from the room that we had, just looking at a blue mosaic wall that looked straight into other guests rooms.Complimentary soft drinks were left in the refrigerator, and this was nice after our journey, these were replenished every day.The area around the hotel, is a bit run down, with lots of road works going on but we could not hear any of this in our room.A 20 minutes walk will take you to the sea front and marina at Port Olympic, here you鈥檒l find lots of bars and restaurants, but be warned, down by the marina you鈥檒l pay top price and there鈥檚 not a lot on the plate, so go a little in land for a better deal. We found the shopping mall just off the front has some very goodplaces to eat at a more reasonable price. If you don鈥檛 want to stray too far from the hotel, I can recommend Xiscarexantar restaurant, which is: when you come out of the hotel, turn left, then left again just a 2 minutes walk. Good food at a great price.The breakfast in the hotel was fine, with a good variety on offer each morning, take your sunglasses, as the dinning room is again very brightly painted.You will find bright colours everywhere you go in Barcelona, not only in the Pere IV. This I found out later, is the Gaudi influence.The Bus Turistic is a good way to get around and see the city and get your bearings a 2 day pass will cost you 23 euros, but well worth it.The Sagrada Familia is a must see for everyone, so too is the Nou Camp Stadium even if you鈥檙e not a football fan, you will love this tour. Walk around at your own pace, no one rushes you, sit in the stand and soak up the atmosphere. And at 11 euros it鈥檚 a steal.Walk around in Barri, the Gothic area of Barcelona, and take in some of the most fantastic architecture, and not forgetting the Rambla for the street entertainers.We had 5 days in Barcelona, and I can say we had a great time. Yes the hotel is a bit dated, but it鈥檚 clean, and the staff are friendly.So don鈥檛 believe everything that others have wrote about this hotel, go with your own instincts like we did, and have a good time.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>planetbollox
<Content>absolute bargain My wife and I stayed here for an autumn city break, we got our flights with Ryan air and used superbreak for booking the hotel. We simply looked at what superbreak could offer and the price was very good for a four star hotel. The hotel is out of the main area but not actually that far. City breaks are all about walking exploring etc. This hotel is about 15 - 20 mins walk from the Arc de Triomphe (yes, Barcelona style) and this marks the beginning of the Gothic quarter. The rooms are of an excellent size with huge beds ! There are soft drinks in the fridge, I think these are actually freebies but cannot be certain.We did not eat dinner in the restaurant but did have breakfast everyday which is of a good standard and substantial.The staff are all very polte and helpful.Here is a good tip that is definitely worth a try. On the same block as the hotel but diagonally opposite is a small bar cum restaurant. One night we had a three course (set) meal, 2 bottles of wine, 3 coffees (I had an extra) a brandy and a tia maria - no optics ! - all for 32 euros ! Absolute steal !On passeig St Joan de Borbo is what is probably the best sea food restaurant in Barcelona, El Rey de Gamba. Their paella is superb, we had that but the locals were having simply massive seafood platters - they were immense ! Back to the hotel, perhaps it isn't in the most aesthetically pleasing of areas but it ain't faf from town and if it was any closer it would be more expensive - swings and roundabouts ! We walked everywhere to and from this hotel over four days with no problems whatsoever. If you are in town for a few days, the bus touristica is worth using as a tour.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>costafortuna
<Content>book with caution !!!! Recently stayed with 4 other couples on a weekend break. Arrived by taxi from the main airport (Ryanair travelers beware, as usual the cheap budget flight to Barcelona is actually Reus, one and a half hours away from the city center). The hotel is in a rough part of the edge city, It also says only 10 minutes walk from the city center...if your Linford Christy it might only take 10 mins but everyone else its at least 25 minutes. I thought that the lobby of the hotel looked like an old peoples home (lots of green high back chairs), The check in staff were very helpful and we were unpacking in no time. The rooms were refurbished to the style of a colour blind hippy !! bright coloured cheap furniture. very dark and gloomy lighting. The bathrooms had been refurbished on a budget of about 25.00 euro. still the same 80s style marble and impossible to run the bath without getting your feet wet owing to the permanent large glass shower screen. The black mould and broken shower head didnt help the washing experience either.Breakfast was equally disappointing, One toaster that took half an hour to turn the bread light brown!! rubbish coffee, scrambled eggs with complimentry slop!! and uncooked bacon, altogether very, very average, the pastries however were very good. I stay in many hotels in Spain for holidays and short breaks and I am becoming increasingly disappointed with the quality. This hotel has a 4 star rating and yes it is not over expensive but it most definatley is not 4 star hotel. I would not book this hotel if you have the slightest craving for semi luxury. This hotel is to far from the city centre in a horrible part of the city and has to many bad points. If you love mediocrity and walking you will love the Pere lv . Also not a decent bar or restaurant nearby.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>diabel
<Content>Splendid hotel We stayed here for a city trip to Barcelona (during which we were visiting a friend studying there in the Erasmus exchange program). We booked this hotel because it was a bit out of the tourist area and therefore as expensive as a 3 starred hotel in the tourist area.We arrived by plane and took the train/subway shuttle to the city centre, where we changed onto the right subway line to the hotel. The hotel was quite close to the subway station. As a matter of fact you can even easily walk from the city centre to the hotel. The only minor point is that it's not in a really nice neighbourhoud, though we never thought is was not safe to walk there in the night.The rooms were splendid, as is all the interior of the hotel. Also the breakfast is just great. Can't give any remarks about these. Also the staff was very great and helpful.After all we thought it was a good choice to stay here in stead of the city centre, because we ended up paying about the same amount, being close to the city centre, but having way more comfort.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>eilisnimhidhe
<Content>nice and comfortable I stayed at this hotel with 2 other girlfriends. The hotel is oddly decorated which is very amusing. the staff were very polite and helpful. the hotel location is an odd one. its 15 min walk to the beach and a 5 minute taxi ride to the main centre of Barcelona. the surrounding area of the hotel seems a bit run down although we always felt safe there walking home at all hours.I would recommend this hotel. the only negative is that the rooms werent very airy and our window looked directly into other hotel rooms. if you are just going to use as a base then its a great hotel  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>marko1878
<Content>Mixed! The area around the hotel is horrible, with one of the worst stenches ever encountered, eminating from heaven knows where but heading straight for you nostrils!The Hotel itself is fairly comfortable, with a decent sized room (by Spanish standards), and a good bathroom. The Breakfast was fine but I wouldn't have paid for it had it not been included in the price (it was about 拢8-00).The pool area is indoors and is very small with an even smaller jacuzzi and a small gym. The bar was OK, and reasonably priced, but you cannot say that for the rest of Barcelona! What a rip off! We last went to Barca in 2004 and had a wonderful time,but we will be giving it a very wide berth in the future.We stayed 2 nights prior to joining a cruise but wouldn't do so again. It is located outside of the main areas (Las Ramblas etc) but is very easily reached via the metro. (Marina) which is left out of the hotel up four blocks (holding your nose) and turn right 100yds. A visit to Barcelona Football Club was excellent. Don't be conned into buying a ticket for the interactive show (unless you want to!) The stadium tour and museum is 11 euro (joint ticket) and the interactive is 29.Ramblas is a hive of activity but please watch you don't get ripped off for drinks. Ask for the menu before choosing your drink so as not to be caught out! It's a great place to people watch but look out for the naturist who strolls up and down, having painted swimming trunks around HIS bits!The hotel is so-so, the area is the pits, Barcelona is a rip off.Not a place I would stay at again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LenaPerth
<Content>Lovely place to stay!       The main bedroom  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kerri1989
<Content>Amazing hotel Hotel is beautiful inside, even though surrounding area is not great it is very safe, and we did not feel at all uncomfortable venturing outside the hotel at night. The rooms are beautifully decorated and very spacious. On our stay, we asked for a room with a balcony and they were happy to change our room with no hassle. Also in the room you get little extra's too! such as free soft drinks, which are stocked daily, disposobale razors, shampoo's, strong air conditioning, etc. The staff also are so friendly and happy to help, and provide information, concerning the metro station, etc. The breakfast also has a wide variety of choice, and offers everything from cooked meats such a salami, ham, bacon, pork to eggs, fruit, cereals, to different breads so there is something for everyone. The beach is also very close to the hotel, and is definately walkable. I would definately stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>V-Gilmour
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel This hotel is lovely - very clean and bright with excellent staff. Bedrooms are large and spacious, decor unique and fresh... Breakfast is of a high standard with lots of choice. Area around the hotel a little run down with few amenities, but it is only 15 mins walk to Port Olympic. Surrounding area is very safe and taxi's are cheap into the centre. Would definately recommend this hotel to all visiting Barcelona and would stay there again myself.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wrightsky
<Content>Great Hotel just outside the city My Sister-in-Law booked this for her 40th Birthday weekend and there were 7 of us. We really enjoyed staying at this hotel, it was bright, clean and the staff were very very helpful. The rooms were spotless and had a fridge in with free soft drinks in which were replenished daily. The only downside is the location. Firstly, the address is not Avda Pere IV 69, this is the back of the hotel which doesn't have any signs outside. The Front of the hotel is 128-130 Carrer de Pallars. This caused a bit of confusion with our transfer from Girona airport and the taxi drivers had not heard of the hotel when trying to get back at night but I had the correct address written down so that helped. I imagine if you are trying to find it in a Hire Car it might cause problems because of the one way streets.Our room was on the 3rd floor facing out over the back of the hotel which has 3/4 late night bars with revellers spilling out into the street on Friday and Saturday nights. However with the window shut you could hardly hear them and there is air conditioning in the room. If you really find it a problem the rooms on the other side of the corridor face out over the middle of the hotel overlooking the swimming pool. Sunday night was quiet.There are no other hotels around, it is mainly warehouses and flats. Didn't see many people walking about but we never felt unsafe, but there were 7 of us, I suppose. There is the Bogatell Metro station 2 blocks away and this can take you to the port where the casino and late night bars and restaurants are or further on to Placa De Catalunya. We walked back from the port a couple of times and it took us 12/15 mins.Taxi's were costing approx 4 euros to the port or 5/6 euros to Catalunya square.Breakfast was 12 Euros and will not please the English who like a big english breakfast. However, there were lots of fruit, juices, breads, cakes, cereals, yoghurts, cheeses and meats as well as tea and coffee. I had a breakfast every morning but most of my party waited till we got into town and had a brunch.Would I stay there again, definitely.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lizmck
<Content>Fab hotel - gem! I struggled to get accommodation for our wedding anniversary as it clashed with the Spanish Grand Prix. I found the Pere IV on one of my many trawls, so was a bit suspicious that they still had availability. What a lucky girl I am! The receptionist gave us the 'most romantic room' - a lovely 9th floor room with a terrace and a complimentary bottle of beautiful cava to help us celebrate our anniversary. The staff could not not have been more helpful and kind, willing to give advice on sights, restaurants, bars etc. Having a pool, jacuzzi and sauna was great after a days sightseeing, although the pool was a wee bit cool! The only downside was that it was a 10 min walk to get to the main tourist areas, although taxis are plentiful and fairly cheap and there is a metro station round the corner. An extremely good value for money hotel which we would definitely use again.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aggy81
<Content>Ok but Not worth the money: thin walls! This hotel is nice however it is definitly not 4 star. Yes it has a pool and yes it has many of the ammenities of a 4 star hotel however some things are lacking. Negatives: For a start the hotel only has 2 lifts - a real problem in the morning when everyone is trying to leave the hotel/go down to breakfast at once. The mini bar in the hotel is sparce - not much there. There is no pay per view TV or many non spanish channels.The area around the hotel is not great.Lastly and most importantly the walls and doors are very thin. This is a real problem as you can hear everything in the room next door and people talking as they walk past your room. This was a real issue for us as we had the familly from hell living nexty door. It really did sound like they were running and jumping around the room all morning and day, shouting and moving furniture around. For a 4 star hotel I would not expect this.Now for the few positives: it has a pool, it is near the metro, the beds are quite comfortable.I would not stay in this hotel - you can stay somewhere much nicer for the same or even less money and nearer to the town centre.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>AnneJones
<Content>yes well recommended i feel i want to write a review as i constantly refer to trip advisor as it is an ace site! went with friends from work to my first trip to barcelona - i can well recommend the hotel pere iv and am aiming on going back in october with my husband. Rooms seem roomy, clean and well maintained and although the loction does not appeal it's ok and not a complaint. Staff appear friendly and the breakfast is very good and sets you up for the day, basically barcelona is great, gaudi archectecture is well worth the visit!!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>QueenslandSummer
<Content>Would come again I only stayed here for 4 days. I found the hotel to be quite pleasant overall. The reception staff were very nice, always happy to help and spoke good english. The single room I stayed in was comfortable, although the walls seemed quite thin. It costs extra to have tea/coffee and kettle in your room - something I'm used to having included in your room. The meal I had at the restaurant was delicious. The breakfast was okay - lots to choose from, mostly cold stuff. Being an Aussie, I would have liked some bacon and eggs. The location of the hotel was not bad, a bit industrial though, and as a young female, travelling alone, I did not feel safe venturing more than about 20m from the hotel entrance. If I wasn't alone, I think it would have been okay and I'd definitely come back here.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>beniboi
<Content>very good hotel. this hotel was rather nice i must say! the location for starters was a bit...crap i sopose. the area is basicly warehouses and not so nice flats... bt then we got into the hotel and it was very good. its pretty modern (90's) and the rooms were very big, if very brigtly coulered. we got a very good view from our room ( onto the hills were there was a forest fire when we looked....) and the minibar was free with drinks to keep you happy. breakfast was good, has an excellent choice of cold buffet but not much hot stuff, and bein british i do love a good cooked breakfast but there was enough to keep me going. as for getting into town, the metro is literly a minute away on line 4, and was about 3 stops from the city centre. personally i didnt have any trouble on the metro... maybe cause i'm 6ft3 they keep out my way? i dunno but its safe enough. so overall good hotel and deffently consider staying here again  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EricJoseph
<Content>Great value for a very good hotel Less than half the price of comparable hotels on or near Las Ramblas. The 'catch' is the not exactly 'upmarket' area. Why build such a good hotel here? Turn right outside the hotel and a few minutes walk brings you to a business development area, but most of the guests are tourists. Don't let the neighbourhood put you off and save a fortune. The Metro is just a few minutes walk. Trains are very frequent and only a few stops and about 10 minutes from the centre. Barceloneta is two stops and 5 minutes for the harbour, restaurants and the surprisingly interesting Catalan Museum.Hotel decor a bit odd, but it works. Rooms are roomy and well appointed, especially the bathroom. Staff very helpful. Breakfast good, dinner also good value, although menu a little limited.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iwant2cworld
<Content>Overall good hotel with one exception Very good hotel, only a few stops from Ramblas, so worth paying the reduced rate compared to more central hotels. Excellent breakfast, was 12 euro pp, not included in our hotel rate. Staff went out of their way to accomodate our 1 year old baby, arranged a cot in bedroom. Negatives were that even though we went in winter, rooms were hot and this was without any heating on, we had to switch on the aircon to cool our room. Our room was facing a road with all the bars on, and it was very noisy. This seems to be a problem on Saturday nights only when they open until 5am. Music, cars and people all contributed to this noise. So request a room at the front of the hotel if you a light sleeper.Overall, recommended but request a room at the front of hotel.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ryb1974
<Content>Pere Review Got a good deal, and Nectar points, through E-Bookers.This is a decent quality, modern hotel which will appeal to those who are on a budget, but still like comfort and quality, and if the location is an area for compromise.A word about the location, as it's important. The neighbourhood is undergoing regeneration. It is not rough or intimidating, it's just not pretty to look at, and there's not much to do. But if you're happy to use the Metro, you're just 20 minutes from the main action at Passeig de Gracia, then a short walk to La Rambla etc. If you wanted this level of comfort, quality and service in the Rambla district, you'd pay triple.The rooms are spacious, mine had a balcony; the restaurant is excellent. Incredible to find a chef like this in a backwater like Poble Nou. Not cheap, but really very good. Wine - as ever in Spain - excellent value.The staff are fantastic, a high level of English is spoken if that's what you need.My only complaint which lost Pere its 5th star from me was the gym. Aging, unmaintained equipment I'm afraid. One other tiny thing - if you're bringing a car, PLEASE be careful on your way down in the car park. Big chunk missing from my hire car wing....  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aine44
<Content>Welcoming and Friendly Barcelona is magic.Myself and 2 friends have returned from a 5 day stay in this hotel . It has been a great experience and I cannot praise the hotel staff highly enough. They were most welcoming when we arrived and all during our stay they made very welcome suggestions as to where to eat or where to visit. We asked for a quiet room which we got. Our room did not have an outside window as it opened on to a roofed courtyard and did at times get very warm ( In Ireland we are used to the cold in January!!) When we mentioned this we were offered another room .Breakfast was excellent. The Hotel itself is very clean, cheerful and colourful . I would stay there again.The area the hotel sits in is not the most attractive which would be the only drawback of an exceptionally pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsk-sg
<Content>Great Hotel. No problem with the neighbourhood We had a small room in the centre of the building but this was very quiet. After flying into Girona we got the bus into Barcelona  the hotel was easy to find. It was very late at night but we didn't feel intimidated 'though we walked past a few very 'interesting' night clubs  bars.The rooms at the hotel were spotlessly clean. Complimentary soap, shower/bath gel  toothbrushes were replenished on a daily basis.The reception  bar staff were extremely helpful  the breakfasts were more than we needed to keep us going through long sightseeing days. We ate in the restaurant  bar  both were excellent value for money.If we go back to Barcelona we will go back in December for the Christmas Market outside the Cathedral  the street entertainment.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spanking
<Content>VERY nice hotel in smelly, untidy neighbourhood Good pointsOur room was great: polished floors, marble bathroom, safe, minibar, comfy bed, quiet air conditioning. The shower worked well and there was always lots of hot water and the water system was very quiet at night. The breakfast is very good: meats, cereal, breads, cakes and many drinks - eat as much as you like. The staff are very friendly and will speak english, if required. You can leave your suitcase(s) at the hotel in a locked room free of charge if you have a late flight. The is a metro nearby with very good access to all the sites of Barcelona.Bad pointsFirst of all, for its star rating, there are no bad points to the hotel: it's truly a great hotel. However, the area around the hotel is very unkempt and smells bad (I'm guessing it's the sewage system).On Friday, you can look forward (???) to the street party 3 - 7 am, yes AM, where the local hooligans play loud music, dance and sing songs for your pleasure...hmmm. Perhaps they'll let you join in.I am not sure how safe the streets are but nothing happened to us and we walked from the metro to the hotel late each night, It's not really that bad...just a bit smelly.Warning:The main cathedral is currently under cover as it is being repaired. Also, the cable cars are out of action.Worth seeing:Sagrada Familia...a newish cathedral that is still being built.The zoological park in the SE...nice zoo. The fortress on top of the hill to the West.Good restaurantsThe Attic on the Rambla (拢40 for 3-course meal for two) Egypt on the Rambla (拢16 for 3-course meal for two inc wine)Taxi to airport is 30 EurosTaxi to city centre is about 6 Euros...USE IT and you'll have a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mags200
<Content>Great Hotel Ive just returned from a 4 day break in this hotel. The hotel was great, the service from I checked in until I checked out was brillant and the staff couldn't have been more helpfull. Dave on the reception was great giving me lots of tourist information from what to see to where to eat and warnings about pickpockets. I had e-mailed the hotel before I arrived to get information on getting from Sants bus station to the hotel and they got back to me quite quickly.The facilities in the hotel was excellent, the pool and gym area was abit small but there wasnt many guests using them so it was ok. My room was lovely, the bathroom was quite spacious, the bedroom was on the small side but it was a single room and there was a balcony with a table and chairs which was lovely. The food in the restaurant was quite good but the menu was very limited. The breakfast was great a good choice of breads, fruits, cereals and fried foods etc.The hotel was a few metres from the metro and on the line where you get of for all the tourist attractions. Having read some of the reviews on trip advisor I was abit anxious about the area as I was travelling alone but I found that it was quite safe and there was lots of bars and restaurants nearby so I didnt have to go to far.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ulyse
<Content>Very good         
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>chockie
<Content>excellent hotel Just got back from a fab weekend at this hotel,was a bit worried about the area after some of the reviews I'd read but it was not a problem at all,infact the second night we stayed round about the hotel there are some great bars and restaurantes just outside the door we did not notice them to start with but thats because most people don't go out till late.The hotel was excellent,the rooms are very big and have everything you need,the bathroom was also good very clean and has a good shower and a hairdryer which is a big bonus.Breakfast was great,it really sets you up for the day, there was bacon,egg,fruit,toast,pastriesand I could go on and on.When we arrived we were checked in very quickly the reception staff can't do enough for you,they give you a map and tell you how to get about by metro and tram,the reception area is lovely it has large leather sofas and a smashing bar which is not expensive and it always seemed to be open.We walked nearly every where ,we did get the metro once which was very easy got off at marina stop which is ten mins walk away from hotel. We visited the harbour,the football ground,the cathedral ,the ramblers and the gothic quarters and still didn't do everything we will def go back and I would stay at the Pere IV again no doubt at all hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodchick
<Content>Fab hotel in not so fab area Stayed 4 nights here on a Barcelona city break. It is a wonderful hotel with bright modern decor, marble floors and paintings and statues. Staff were very helpful and the breakfasts were excellent except the coffee which was rubbish and came out of a vending machine. The location is definitely dodgy and my mum got her pocket picked on the conveniently located metro nearby so I'd advise neck wallets for any travellers to this city. There was a lot of noise from kids partying in the street below til 6am on the weekend nights so I'd say pack the earplugs. The restaraunt in the hotel was so excellent we ate there 3 nights, seafood was a particular highlight. The pool isn;t up to much so I'd say its probably not suited to families with kids but its great for adults taking a break. The rooms are reasonably sized and very comfortable with a/c etc. I would stay here again if I ever go back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JennyLH
<Content>Very good value for money I stayed here for 4 nights with my husband and two small children (aged 3 and 6). Hotel was very clean and well maintained. The staff were very helpful and friendly and spoke good English. The breakfast was buffet style with loads of choices which set us up for the day! The surroundings aren't great -(it's in an industrial/office area) - but only 5 minutes from Bogatell Metro station which takes you into the centre in 15 minutes. Buy a T10 metro ticket which gives you 10 journeys for 6.65 euros ( Beware of pickpockets on Metro - they twice tried to get in my bag!). In the evening it's only 15 minutes walk from the Hotel to the harbour which is very lively and has dozens of fantastic restaurants. My only complaint was that there weren't any fire instructions in our room (legal requirement?) which was a bit worrying on the 8th floor with two small children. Also we didn't have a view as our room looked onto a central courtyard area.Overall it was a really nice, reasonably priced hotel which I would recommend to friends.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Irina&Kirill
<Content>Great Honey moon We stayed in the Pere IV Hotel for 5 nights of our Honey moon. The hotel pampered us with wonderfull room, teasty breakfast, helpfull stuff and great attitude. Pere IV is located just 3 minutes walk from the yellow line of the metro in a quiet location. Near by can be found many little restaurants and bars.We couldn't ask for more.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>TravellingLiv
<Content>Good Hotel       Bedroom area  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Margaretannec
<Content>Pere is excellent The Pere IV Hotel, though not in the centre of Barcelona, was an excellent centre to stay in, and conveniently close to the Bogatell underground station. It was easily close enough to the beach to walk, and we did actually walk all the way from the hotel to Barceloneta and the Ramblas and back via Parc de la Ciutadella on the first day. This is not recommended for the feet, however! Public transport and taxis make it easy to get around from the hotel, and the staff were very efficient about ordering taxis, wake up calls, room service etc. Unusually bright decor, but very clean, very comfortable and an enjoyable stay.Margaret, Manchester.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MarkSR
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed here for a weekend break and I had no complaints. It was clean, well maintained and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.The room facilities were excellent even though it was a bit small for my liking. The room and bathroom were in a great condition and very clean.The breakfast buffet on the first floor really surpassed my expectations, there was an excellent choice of food and there was no problem with going back up for more.There is really only one downside to this hotel and this is the reason I am only giving it a 4; it is the location. The hotel is well away from the main centre of Barcelona which was a annoying at night. It was ok during the day as there is a Metro about 3/4 minutes walk away and you can access the main tourist spots fairly quickly. The neighbourhood may look a bit dodgy but it is perfectly safe.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishPaddy123
<Content>A Fine Establishment! We stayed in this hotel for one night in October 2006 and found it to be excellent. It is nicely decorated, clean and comfortable and the staff were extremely polite and helpful. The concierge brought out a tourist map and in no time had gone through the attractions with us, along with how to navigate the metro.One slight gripe was its distance from the centre was a lot farther than advertised on needahotel.com, but taxis were cheap and readily available, in addition to the convenience of the metro. It's not in the prettiest part of town, but the area is quite safe and is abviously being redeveloped with trendy apartments. Overall, an excellent choice  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	-1	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Roxy1717
<Content>Loved Pere IV       inside the room  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jay03
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at this hotel with our three children. We were very impressed. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean. The children loved the pool and the gym. We didn't feel threatened at all by the area. It is obvious that the whole area is undergoing a huge regeneration and is on its way up. We walked back from the metro several times after midnight and never felt in any way threatened. We had a couple of excellent meals in the restaurant and will be visiting this hotel again as we loved Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BriggsHill
<Content>Read the Previous Reviews For the most part, the reviews written here are very accurate. The hotel is very nice and the staff very helpful. The Bogatell Metro stop is a couple of blocks away and very convenient to the places we wanted to go. If you don't want to be in the center of activity with the attendant hustle and bustle, and you don't mind stepping around the dog do-do on the sidewalk and the less than attractive neighborhood, this hotel might be for you. It's a question of trade-offs, budget and how fussy you are about the area you stay in. I liked it better than two other Barcelona hotels we have stayed in, but my wife would have preferred a different neighborhood.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, bad location. Stay in Gothic quarter! The Pere IV is nicely decorated and the staff is very professional. They took endless pains to accommodate my wife and baby daughter, who had come along at the last minute, and they managed to put us in an excellent room on the top floor with a balcony overlooking the city...even though it was a very busy weekend due to Formula I races. There is a superb restaurant on the ground floor.Although the Pere IV is about two blocks from the metro, it is about 10 blocks from anything interesting by walking. In contrast, when we moved to a hotel in the Gothic Quarter near Las Ramblas, Plaza Catalunya, and the waterfront, that area is incredibly vibrant and exciting, with restaurants and little shops lining all the streets and alleys. If you had been to Barcelona, you wouldn't even be considering the Pere IV because you know how great those other areas are. Around the Pere IV, you'll see a lot of graffiti, car repair shops, pool halls, bars, and empty buildings, no nice restaurants that we could see. We did not feel very safe in the neighborhood although we did not have any problems. I feel bad about saying these negative things because the hotel staff was so nice to us, and the hotel itself is great. On the plus side, if you can get a room on the 8th or 9th (top) floor with a balcony, you'll have an incredible view of the city.Don't expect carpet in your room, no matter where you stay. All the hotels we saw had either hardwood or marble floors.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DollyDimpel
<Content>Great for the weekend I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over an April weekend with 20 friends. The hotel staff are very friendly and welcoming. The hotel is mainly non smoking but does have some smoking rooms. There seemed to be alot of same sex groups in this hotel but there werent any 'rowdies'. There is a security man on duty at night and the bar closes at 12. The rooms were clean and fresh and the bonus is the free mini bar (soft drinks only). The bar is replenished every day by the friendly domestic staff. Breakfast was fresh and hot and plenty of choice. If you need to know anything about the sights etc David the very friendly English barman is willing to advise. The indoor pool area was disapointing and very tired looking. One word of warning about the pool.... Beware of the chemicals! Following my one and only venture into the pool I surfaced with luminous green hair!! After 40 yrs of having blonde hair and never having a reaction before, this was quite a shock! The staff did however find me some tomato ketchup to use to neutralise it!The area isnt particularly exciting but it is a 5 minute walk to the metro into the city. It is also a 15 minute walk to the Port Olympic where there are many restaurants and bars. We ate in a fish restaurant here which didnt meet our expectations and thought it was rather pricey! I didnt like the way the staff at these restaurants 'touted' for business either as we walked by. The bars here stay open until 4-5am so if you are looking for a party atmosphere and dont want to go into the city, this is it!All in all a great hotel and value for money (we paid 拢103 each for 3 nights B/B). I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely atmosphere, simply Love staying here!! I will have to give this hotel an excellent stars. we stayed here 18-20 april 2006. the sofa in every level of the hotel is very comfy. the room麓s concept is very clean and neat and good stay. the closest is marina and bogatell metro. the staff is pleasant and very helpful. good experience in this hotel.Oh.. the double room bed is sooo comfy too. i have nothing to complain about this hotel. top !!!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think Reviews are overrated. We picked the Pere IV hotel on the basis of reviews on trip advisor. Reviews were all very positive so we were dispointed that the hotel did not live up to expectations!!The hotel is nice, clean and quiet but is nothing out of the ordinary. It was rated as a four star hotel but is definitely just a three star.Location is very quiet but about 鈧? in a taxi to city central and metro is nearby. Staff are friendly.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Friendly We visited Hotel Pere IV as a family of 5. 2 adults and 3 children aged 8, 10 and 12 for a long weekend. We arrived tired from an early morning flight at approx 9am expecting to just pop in to the hotel to dump our luggage. The reception staff were wonderfully welcoming and it was a lovely and very welcome suprise that they had taken into account our early flight and had made our room up ready for us to use straight away.Details of our booking requirements for a triple room had not been passed on but staff arranged for us to use a room until another suitable room had been made up. Unfortunately our children had got carried away and had unpacked. The staff moved all of their luggage and put it away again for them without fuss. The hotel was spotless and comfortable, our rooms both the twin and triple were spacious and well equipt with hairdryer and toileteries. Free soft drinks from the mini bar were a nice touch.The view from our rooms was pretty 'urban' and nothing to write home about but didn't worry us. We tend not to spend our holidays looking out of our hotel windows. It was fun in the evening when the 'Gerkin' (building opposite) lights for a few hours.It was extremely handy for the Metro which is regular and efficient. Being slightly away from the main attractions meant that is was pretty quiet in the evening in terms of outside noise and sleeping. There was a little noise from the small club next door but it was not a problem. We felt safe walking around the area into the early hours even with the children.There is a small indoor pool and jacuzzi which was great for the children to chill out in but the pool is not really big enough to swim in properly. There is a small gym but we despite our good intentions did not have the energy to use. There was a good and varied selection of food for breakfast which didn't seem to run out towards the end of the morning. The quality was great and staff efficient. I would happily stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Bright, Very Welcoming and people laughing in the foyer, these were our first impressions. All receptionists were friendly and helpful ALL of the time. During the stay, we enjoyed the facilities which were well kept. We read these reviews before going and could agree that its a little out of the way of the main tourist flow, that said, we didnt have all the bustle or costs of that either and taxis were reasonable. Hotel Decor - ExcellentRoom Decor - ImmaculateRoom Services - ExcellentFacilities - Excellent and IN WORKING ORDERStandards - Very CleanValue for Money - Excellent (We booked early)Would i stay again, - YESWould i reccomend it to anyone - DEFINATELYA great hotel and a very pleasant stay, i feel a lot of other Hotels who brag about their standards would struggle to achieve something as good as this.Well Done Hotel Pere IV  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bebbles
<Content>Excellent choice We booked up for my Birthday and our Anniv.The hotel is lovely.Rooms are very nice and with a free mini bar.The staff were exceptionally helpful and would help in any way they could.They must have noticed from my passport that it was my birthday and sent us champagne and chocs(very nice).The breakfast was a feast,well worth the money of about 拢7.The evening meal was lovely(must book as restaurant is small)The hotel is minutes from the Metro which is connected very well to all attractions.The drinks and snacks in the bar area are very reasonable and very large measures.This is now a Non Smoking Hotel except on 2 floors in the bedrooms, so you do have to stand outside if you want to smoke.(This has now come into affect in most hotels as of January 2006)The area around the hotel at first looks a bit drab,but we had no probs at all about getting around or feeling safe there.We stay in many hotels and in many countries,but I would definately stay in this one again and have told all my friends about it.We had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Near perfect hotel Just come back from a long weekend with 4 friends. Hotel lived up to previous reviewers comments. The rooms are comfortable, clean and stylish. The breakfast selection is impressive and good quality. We ate in for 2 nights (because we were too exhausted to go out) but the restaurant food was very good. The bar staff have a somewhat laid back approach to pouring drinks, erring on the rather generous side. Reception staff were efficient, friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful. As I'd made the booking rather at the last minute I was a bit anxious about my friends comments but they too loved the place.Why only 'near perfect'? Well the area around the hotel has a lot of construction work going on - very little noise, more general upheaval. Also it is a little way out from the centre so after a hard day's sight seeing you either stay in the city centre to sample the night life or travel 20 mins back to the hotel to freshen up (and collapse). Finally there's no tea/coffee making facilities in the room and I did miss that first cup of the day. I hasten to add that the above are minor niggles and I'm planning to take my partner to the pere iv later this year.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden treasure As usual when booking abroad I thought 4* would be 3* but was poved very wrong. The standard of room was excellent and the service thorough. Reception staff very helpful and welcoming, the bar staff wonderful and friendly making us very welcome. The breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice. The area is undergoing work but it is well placed close to the metro making everything easy to get to and the harbour a short walk away. Value for money and would return any time of year. As the area develops this hotel is well placed.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Great stay in Barcelona I took my husband away to Barcelona for a surprize 40th birthday present. We stayed at the Pere iv hotel. We loved it. Fantastic value!! Top floor room with balcony had stunning views, we could see the gothic cathedral and the funny shaped office block. The room was immaculate absolutely spotless, had freebies ie. soap, shower gel, comb, toothbrush and many more. Also had free mini bar stocked with loads of soft drinks. They even laid on a free bottle of champagne for my husbands birthday. The staff were excellent very helpful and spoke good english. The breakfast is very good value with an amazing choice of food, the restaurant is more fancy food very nice though. The area the hotel is situated looks a little run down but dont let this put you off, very close to metro station a 2 day pass will set you back about 拢4 and that has unlimited usage. WE CANNOT FAULT THIS HOTEL OR BARCELONA. Would definetly go back again. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR A WONDERFUL STAY.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Arandora
<Content>Great hotel in a not so good location but don't let that put you off.       hotel lounge/bar  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Pere lV Have just come back from a girly weekend in Barcelona.The hotel was immaculate and very welcoming - the staff lovely, friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them when answering our queries.The bar area was spacious and the drinks a reasonable price for a hotel (wine 3euros/liquers 3euros).The bedrooms comfortable and tastefully decorated, plenty of bathroom compliments, comfort a priority.At breakfast we had a wide selection of choices in splendid surroundings a great start before hiking around the city. Will certainly stay there again and recommend it wholeheartedly.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, Great Staff We didn't do our homework on this hotel and were a little disappointed when we saw its location, the graffiti, the road works and the surrounding buildings etc. That said the price was good and so was the hotel as it turned out. Clean, comfortable and very convenient for the very efficient and cheap Barcelona city Metro system and, in spite of the looks of the area and location of the hotel, at no time did my wife or I feel threatened, uncomfortable or greatly inconvenienced. The hotel bar prices were quite reasonable as was the breakfast. My wife was unfortunate enough to have her handbag stolen (we'd been warned again and again about this but we still got caught in the centre of the city whilst in a restaurant). Back at the hotel the Staff were brilliant providing free phone calls back to the UK, supplying emergency phone contact numbers (for banks and mobile company) and good advice about the procedures we needed to follow. The hotel safe and a sensible approach to what we carried at any point in time ensured that we weren鈥檛 left penniless. With the stealing of the bag we had no money left to pay our small restaurant bill and I was explaining that I'd have to return that evening with some cash when I was informed that a kindly young Spanish chap had paid our bill after expressing his shame that such a thing could happen in his city. Unfortunately he鈥檇 left by the time I found this out so I was unable to thank him - he hadn't sought any thanks or recognition!For the background鈥?my wife and I are early fifities, travelled alone and went simply to enjoy the Spanish culture, a little shopping and some late sunshine. We weren鈥檛 disappointed on any front. The unfortunate handbag incident didn鈥檛 prevent us from enjoying this great city, the wonderful Spanish people or the Pere IV Hotel. It's a shame but a fact that any busy city harbours criminals intentent on parting you and your belongings. Don't let this put you off Barcelona. It wasn't voted the top 2005 world destination for nothing! Go and enjoy it just as we did.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Widdics
<Content>All in all good, budget travellers take note!! My friend and I just got back from 1 night at this hotel. We had read most of the reviews and were prepared for a less than desirable area and to be at a distance from Ramblas etc. So when we arrived we could understand what people had said about the area. There is a fair amount of grafitti and road works surrounding. However, we never felt threatened or worried walking around and as we only had 2 days to do all our sightseeing, we hardly spent enough time there to be that bothered!The hotel itself is just what you want really. If like us you are on a bit of a budget it is ideal. The decor is bright and lively and it was very clean. Our room was a good size with a lovely bathroom and great shower. Dont be impressed to hear there is a free mini bar as it only has a coke, a lemonade, orange juice and a bottle of water in it! Yet it was a nice little perk and we did end up drinking them, just a shame there was no alcohol!We didnt get round to using the pool and gym area but we did check it out and it was small but if we had been staying longer we would have definately taken advantage of it. The hotel staff were really helpful with everything we asked them and were friendly.The hotel is only a 5min walk from the nearest metro which takes you straight into centre in 10mins. We bought a 2 day travelcard for around 8 euros which we got great use from and we would reccomend getting one. It lets you use all forms of transport, i.e Metro, Tram, Train and Bus. Very handy! On our arrival at Barcelona airport we got the aerobus for around 3 euros to the main square near ramblas, a really good way to take in some of the sights as youre entering the city. Then from there we got a cab to the hotel which was around 5 euros. On our departure we decided to use the train to get to the airport. It was quite complicated and we did get lost but it saved us 30 euros on a cab - ask at reception!One thing we kicked ourself over was the bus turistico. It is an absolute must for those we are staying for a short time and want to take in all the sights. A one day ticket is 17 euros and a 2 day ticket is 21 euros. It is brilliant, it will take you to all the sights and allow you to hop on and off and are very frequent. We only realised this on our second day and we did buy a ticket but realised we would have been much better off doing this in the first place! We did waste some valuable time attempting to get to certain sites on the Metro and getting a bit lost. I advise everyone to use this service, great for sightseeing!!If you do have some time its also worth taking a walk down to the port olympic area. There are lots of restuarants and bars here but it is quite commercial and Im glad we chose to head to the gothic area for dinner and drinks rather than there. We headed down there around midday and had some lovely pancakes and a drink and had a look around. If we had been staying longer we would have spent an evening there as the night life is menat to be quite good. You cant beat spending time just walking around the gothic quarter and Ramblas and just losing yourself in all the little streets. The food market on Ramblas is amazing and there are plenty of places to eat and drink! All in all our stay in Barcelona and Pere IV was a good one! Dont worry about the area or hotel, if like us you just want to absorb the sights of the city on a first time visit it is ideal.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chris forza robur
<Content>Fantastic Value We stayed at Pere IV 15,16,17th. Oct. 2005.Two families on our trip, 12 in total. Everything at hotel good. Reception staff efficient, helpful and spoke very good english. Hotel is just over two years old and everything is new and all in good condition. Rooms were all spacious, bath narrow but shower very powerful. Breakfast self service and eat as much as you like with masses of selection of breads, meats, cheeses, juices, and even cooked breakfast in the form of scrambled egg, bacon and sausages.The evening restaurant has a set 3 course meal but not on Saturday or Sunday so we eat out down by the sea front.The area around the hotel is pretty grotty, not at all appealing, and we wondered what this good a hotel was doing there!! However,work is being done throughout the area so perhapps it is up and coming.The nearest metro (Bogatell) is about 200 m. and the sea front is about 20 mins. walk where their are loads of bars and restaurants. One I recommend is the BARNABIER restaurant, on the front just before the twin towers, the whole works for 20 - 25 euros. Good food,good service.Really good walk along the front to city centre, takes about 45 mins. but is thoroughly enjoyable.The two day tourist bus pass was the best value and we used it a lot. We had no expierience of bag snatching, thank goodness, but lots of spaniards warned us about it.There is loads to do and see in Barcelona and we will return to see more, especially if we can get as good a hotel deal again and Ryanair keep doing the penny flights.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charlotte
<Content>dont go there just got back from pere hotel much too far away from city centre cost us a fortune in transport dont know where this fantastic breakfast was that everyone has mentioned is was avarage at best although staff helpfull and very clean just too far from atractions for us spent an extra 拢100-120 due to this so worthwhile spending extra to avoid this but a reasonable hotel in general also felt eveywhere we went we were getting ripped off as we were english a bar called mickeys on la rambles was the biggest rip off 49 euroes for 5 drinks (beers and wine)... in one shop the assistant stole 10 euros from my sister but denied it when the manager arrived all in all not the best place so be aware of beggers eveywhere would be a long time before i returned to barcelona (have been twice before) will stick to madrid or palma  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoanieChristianson
<Content>excellent breakfast We spent a few nights here. Most excellent breakfast. Lovely room attired all in a crisp yellow, sumptious bathroom and roomy desk area. I wish I had known then that the bar was complimentary. Staff very friendly and dinner was a fine meal served handsomely. Taxi to town costs 5 E.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>withalittlecharm
<Content>Good hotel, only a few minor grumbles       The corridors with tasteful colour scheme  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Weeks Break We have just returned from spending 6 nights at the Pere IV. I read many reviews before we left. Yes, the local area is very run down, the beach is more like 1300 mtrs away and not 300 as has been written.When we arrived we were greeted and shown to reception where we booked in. The staff are very friendly and always willing to offer advice on any aspect of your stay. David the Barman from Manchester is a great character and worth chatting to about local places to see.The Hotel is fantastic, great size rooms, free mini bar, Pool (smallish) Saunaetc. We all agreed the Hotel was excellent, but in the wrong location. The roadworks are still outside the front door and look likely to be there for many months to come. Bogatell Metro is as stated just around the corner and we used a mixture of Metro, Taxi and foot to get around. We found the prison which is round the corner, and a great supermarket for all your goodies. There didnt appear to be much around the Hotel and so limited for evening meals etc. Saying that, we all like walking and so didnt mind the trek for food. A Must is Subway down by the port, The kids loved the food.Would we go back - Yes we would go back without the children and perhaps in a cooler month where we could see a lot more of the City without feeling Hot and tired. Only problem found was the 'Locals' seemed to not want to speak any English even though they seemed to know what you were saying. That aside we had no real problems Chris  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect base for Barcelona. We found the Pere IV to be the perfect base for our stay in Barcelona. Its easy to find....simply use the Metro. The facilities were a welcome surprise. Having a pool and steam room was a fantastic way to relax after hours of sightseeing. The mini fridge stocked with soft drinks was a fantastic bonus. A hidden treasure behind the hotel, is a great little pastry shop, ideal for breakfasts on the go or a picnic lunch.We would recommend the Pere IV!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fogarty
<Content>Good Hotel but . . . . My wife and three lady friends stayed there for three nights 21/24 August. The hotel is fine, breakfasts were very good. Rooms were lovely and clean,and there was a phone in the toilet for some reason. Staff were friendly and efficient.Location is not so good. The roadworks outside made it difficult to get in and out with luggage. Due to the location they needed taxis at night, but during the day they didn't feel uncomfortable and walked to the beach and marina without problems.The 'bus turistico' is a great way to see the city, and is well worth the money. Gaudi's 'La Sagrada Familie' is absolutely unbelievable. Like it or not, it's unbelievable. The only disappointment was that the famous fountain show does not operate until Thursday evening.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely peaceful hotel We stayed in the Pere IV at the end of May for 6 nights and found it to be a calm and well appointed hotel a couple of minutes walk from Bogatell Metro station.Our room was clean and of a decent size, the mini bar in the room was replenished with soft drinks every other day. You may want to request a room with an outside view as our 'view' was of the central atrium of the building with very little natural light. I did find this annoying on arrival at the hotel as I'd have liked a view, however it did end up being a positive point as the room remained lovely and cool and quiet and I had 6 fantastic night's sleep!The pool and spa area is very small but as we were the only 2 people in it it was plenty big enough for us!We had breakfast the first morning and the range was huge and I suspect will fulfill everyone's breakfast requirements, except the 'full english' breakfast lovers, who would be disappointed.We had dinner one evening and went for the set meal which was good value with 3 courses, coffee, bottle of wine and bottle of water. The food and service were great but the restaurant was lacking in atmosphere and very brightly lit.The hotel is walking distance from the beach about 15 mins and yes the location is unexpectedly, not very touristy at all and very quiet. Watch out for bag snatchers, someone did have a go at snatching my bag almost outside the hotel one night but luckily for me(but not him!) was unsucessful. But I guess I was expecting it to happen at some point in my visit to the city!A fantastic hotel and by the way the city is beatiful too!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel despite location The Pere IV Hotel is an excellent hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. The restaurant within it is also excellent - i would recommend the steak!The rooms are a good size and are kept very clean by staff. The hotel is modern yet also traditional and offers an excellent continental breakfast which is worth getting out of bed for.The only draw back is the location. It is a mile or so out of the centre of town and in a developing area. However, it is right beside a metro station which mades accessing the city centre very easy.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We stayed for 8 nights and would definitely recommend this hotel, although not if you have children. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were spotless and well decorated. We stayed on the 8th floor and I enjoyed sitting on the balcony and looking at the city. We ate dinner twice in the hotel and could not fault the food in any way. The only possible down side is it is a distance from the centre but I enjoyed being in a quieter area, away from the tourists which although looks a bit dodgy, was fine. Bogatell metro station on the yellow line was 2 minutes walk from the hotel and the beach was a 15-20 minute walk.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>volk
<Content>Top Class We stayed in this hotel for one night in may. The hotel is lovely. Top class rest. in which we had a beautiful meal and breakfast was out of this world. anything you could think of to eat for breakfast it was there.One word of warning. the location of the hotel is a littel suspect ie while it is close to port olympic the walk from the hotel to port olympic at night time will keep you on your toes.otherwise i cannot fault this hotel. i reckon it is the best value for money in barcelona and i have been to barcelona a couple of times. My parents stayed in this hotel also and they loved it as well.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel The internet rate for this 4 star hotel makes it worth staying there. All the amanities are great, and the breakfast buffet is awsome. My family and friends had a wonderful time, and I know I will be returning there some time again in the future.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BradP
<Content>Excellent Hotel This was a real pleasant surprise. After checking up on this hotel via this site, my wife and I were a little apprehensive about the Pere IV. We needn't have worried as this is a great little hotel. A few people had mentioned about it being in a 'dodgy' area with more graffitti than they had ever seen, but on our arrival this certainly wasn't the case. Barcelona as a whole has graffitti everywhere and yet is spotless litter-wise.So after alaying our fears about the area it is in a great spot, the Villa Olympic with all its bars and restaurants is about a 10 minute walk away and the underground (Bogatell) is just round the corner if you want to venture a little further.The hotel itself is really nice and on our arrival was given a map and told the places we should go to by the check in staff, who spoke excellent English.We were on the top floor to the back of the hotel and although the view isn't spectacular you could see the Villa Olympic hotels on the horizon. Our room was very large, though we believe all the rooms wern't like this as below us the rooms were definately much smaller.I wasn't impressed with the swimming pool area as it seemed like an afterthought and is very small and dimly lit. It also had an excessive amount of chlorine in it. The jacuzzi was not very warm either but the sauna was fine and the gym area was okay.We had paid for the breakfast and this is well worth it. They had just about every type of breakfast you could wish for!The restaurant was okay but was too posh for it's own good, the food was nice but the ambience was non existent.We also had to walk up to the top floor as one set of lifts which did go to the top floor was out of order.Barcelona itself is a great place, with some spectacular scenery and would recommend it highly. We also found it very safe, something which we had heard some people were wary of.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel ! Thoroughly enjoyed our 5 night stay at the Pere IV Hotel. Although not in the centre of Barcelona, the metro is just around the corner and four stops takes you into the centre. Although not a 'pretty' location, we found it absolutely fine - it was quiet in the evenings as there is very little traffic (and people come to that) and we felt quite safe walking back from the Port Olympic area late at night. The staff at the hotel are extremely helpful and the breakfasts are great - every you could possibly want. We also appreciated the free soft drink in the mini bar. If you are planning a stay at the Pere IV I would strongly suggest you request a room to the front of the building. The room we had was in the middle of the building and although the room itself was well appointed and had everything we need it didn't get much daylight (very little infact).We travelled from Prestwick Airport to Girona Airport and the bus transfer was very easy. Just behind the baggage carousel there is a little window where you buy your bus ticket. There has been a change to where the bus drops off/picks up, this caused us a sliight hiccup on the way back to the airport as our taxi driver obviously didn't know about the change and dropped us off at the old pick up point !! The bus now leaves from the Estacio del Nord - please make sure your taxi driver knows this.Barcelona itself is a wonderful city. There is just so much to see and do. We thoroughly recommend the 2 day bus pass on Tourist Bus, it's well worth the 21 Euros.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jportela
<Content>A very good surprise on a modest location I've arrived from a 3 night stay at the Pere IV. First conclusion: it is exactly as the majoraty of the reviews say, a very good 4**** hotel well located in terms of distance and accessability from public transport, but the area itself is very poor. Don't feel frigthned because it is really safe, besides the industrial looking. I would definetely come back if I could not afford one 4**** in Passeig de Gracia.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellant Hotel Just returned from 3 nights at the Pere IV. Can't say enough good things about the hotel. It's spotlessly clean, very nice  quiet and has everything you could want for a few days sightseeing, including free mini bar for soft drinks etc. I would recommend the bed  breakfast option, the breakfast is excellant with loads of choice both hot  cold. The only down side is the area where the hotel is situated in terms of being rundown and the graffiti which seems to be just about everywhere.The restaurant, although very good, did not have enough selection for our tastes, much better to stroll to the Port Olympic and get a meal there.The best recommendation that I can give is to say we intend to go to Barcelona again, as three days is not enough, and we intend to go back to Pere Iv.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good but..... Nice hotel, Staff very very helpful nothing too much trouble, people on reception especially helpful.Decor is a bit odd Bright yellow/Red /Orange in breakfast room.....still wakes you up in the morning...Main restaurant ....Special evening menu mon--fri excellent incl wine  coffee 3 courses for 19 euros...great.Just an odd location ........but quite near Sagrada familia  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>listsforever
<Content>Safe and sound! Just back from a four day 'girlie' stay with my 12 year old daughter, my first time abroad alone! The hotel was comfortable - I chose this one for the pool facilities and although small, we used them every night. Yes, the location looks dreadful but I felt quite safe. We used the metro regularly; it is fantastic. We walked to the beach (15 mins) once. To and from the airport we used taxis (25 euros at peak traffic time) as two girls alone we felt safer initially doing that, but now I would feel fine about using the public transport system. Yes, I would stay here again. It is certainly quieter than the Ramblas hotels in the evenings (and minus the 'ladies of the night' that congregate there). The staff were exceptionally helpful - advice, reassurance for a neurotic mother, and maps! Do use the 'Bus Touristic' to get your bearings around the city and visit the key places! Top floor of El Corte Ingles in the Placa de Catalunya does a self-service lunch, with amazing views over the city. But I digress from the hotel...Hotel is great, rooms are clean and comfortable and well-equiped (except tea and coffee stuff, which is through room service), restaurant is fine, 19e for 3 course meal incl. wine, and so to is the room service food.Don't worry about the location - we wandered around it all and felt safe.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Weekend Break at Pere IV Just returned from Barcelona from an Easter Bank Holiday weekend break at the Pere IV. Thanks to you all for your views and comments prior to my visit. It was a great help during my stay. Now that I can talk 'frank' and first hand about the hotel, here area few notes.-Cheapest (and least hassle exc taxi!), to get to Pere IV from the airport is to jump on the train.( About 1.15 euros each - it's the train on the right as you look down the platform!!). Get off at Catalunya (red line). This brings you out on Ramblas. Taxi to hotel from there (to avoid station changes and lumping baggage in the streets). Taxi will cost about 7 euros  take 5-10 minutes. Fraction of taxi from airport. Train only stops about 3/4 times and takes approx. 15-20 mins.-Hotel location was 'OK' (in view of earlier comments.) Not quite on the Ramblas but not too far out. It was clean, well presented and the staff were very friendly. In my opinion it was a good, but modest 4star and for the price, it offered more than excellent value for money.Plus Points.Location is better than it's been given credit for. Take a left as you walk out the hotel, then immediate left again. A 10 minute, leisure stroll to the beach takes you to Playa Olympia. This is were you can get more fish restaurants than you could wish for. (Oh, and a McDonalds  a Pizza Hut for those junk food junkies!!). For those of us young at heart, plenty of disco's, clubs and bars here to, including an Irish Bar for any 'black stuff' lovers (with live music). Look out for the Casino. Worth a visit this if you like a bit of a gamble (classy joint with a very good restaurant).-Back to the hotel. Room service up to midnight. (handy for late night munchies)-Swimming Pool  Spa facilities (Don't forget your cossy!!). Good and clean.-Excellent bar and reception. (The San Miguel went down a treat!)-Quiet rooms (away from the outside noise (a defo plus from staying on the Ramblas)-Taxi in/out Ramblas only 5-7 euros (I consider this cheap as I pay more for a taxi back home).-Room very clean and changed daily.-Room has free mini bar (see neg points on this one)-Plenty of complimentary extras. Hair-drier, Toothbrush, shoe shines, shampoos (and all that). There were 3 phones in the hotel room. 1/Bedside, 2/lounge area  3/ In the bathroom, next to the loo!!! (not quite sure what the 3rd telephone was all about in the bathroom, but I've given it a plus point because you never know. What ever 'floats your boat'. It's a way of passing time on the loo I suppose!!!!!)-Breakfast was good but typical of a 4 star hotel. Plenty of coffee and juice, along with toast, sticky buns/rolls and fruit. Fry-up lovers will need to settle for scrambled egg, bacon and mini sausages only (no mushrooms or black pud!!).Negative PointsNot too many of these as overall the Pere IV really was a nice hotel. They're a bit trivial but worth a mention.-Free minibar. Two points to make here. Bring your own bottle opener. (I think these things go on their holidays back to the UK everytime someone checks out!!) -Minibar wasn't replaced during the 4 days we were there. (so much for the freebies!!). However, a quick visit to the shops and a few euros later will stock this baby with as much drink  chocolate as needed).-No kettle. If you're anything like my wife who likes coffee on the hour every hour, then a travel kettle is a must (not forgeting travel plugs, mugs, spoons etc, oh  the coffee  sugar!!)-TV. Not that we stayed in much. Only English talking channel is CNN (News channel). Can get a bit boring when your 'having a minute' to chill out with all that self purchased booze and chocolate from the minibar!!! Watched Lethal Weapon in Germany... ...and when did Homer Simpson learn to speak Spanish!!Covered all key points there. To all planning on a visit to Pere IV, have a great time. Honestly you'll love the Hotel. It only concludes after all my comments... ...would I go back to Pere IV? Without a doubt. !! (Have Fun) NGK  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travkay
<Content>Great hotel I have just returned from a four-night stay at this hotel in Barcelona and I can honestly say that it is one of the best hotels in which I have stayed. I chose the hotel from the reviews on TripAdvisor and it is certainly true about the location! When you get off the metro at Bogatell it is a bit worrying as the area is very run-down, but when you eventually find the hotel it is an oasis.We had two rooms on the 6th floor facing the rear of the hotel and looking out over a little bakery. The rooms were really well decorated and clean with wonderful marble bathrooms. The free mini-bar (soft drinks) re-plenished daily, was a revelation. The room was quiet and the double-glazing cut out any traffic sounds.The breakfasts were really good - fruit, meat, cheese, cereals, scrambled egg, toast and croissants - everything you could want and the dining room was large. We ate in the resturant one evening, but this was costly and not a great choice of dishes.The staff at the hotel speak good English and are very friendly and helpful; they kept our luggage in a locked room until we left in the evening. We paid 拢75 a night through Alpharooms and this was a bargain for a big city hotel.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Don't worry about the location - it is in a horrible area but it is safe to walk out and about.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiziano
<Content>Good Value we stayed at the pere iv for three nights, got back on sunday 20th march. we booked after reading the reviews on this sight, we were not dissapointed. really good value for money. we booked with alpha rooms 拢178 inclusive of an excellent buffet breakfast. the hotel is modern and clean. the rooms are spacious. the restaurant had no real atmosphere, although pleasant, good value pre fix menue 19euro 3 course includes water and a good bottle of wine.the down side is the location, however a 5 min walk and you are at the metro Boggatell st. with a direct line to the beach, marina bottom of the rambles and more... i will mention the noise level we were on the 5th foor thankgoodnes because below the very quite street during the day comes to life during the early hours mostly with young spanish teeangers turning out of the the bars and disco. bit like home really.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a fantastic time Returned on Monday from a 4 day trip to Barcelona. The hotel was lovely, very clean. Staff very friendly and helpful. Didn't actually have time to visit the spa facilities but had a quick nose and they seemed nice enough. We ate in the hotel on the first evening as the weather was so terrible, the 19 euros for 3 courses seemed very good value but we ate from the a la carte menu. The food was excellent but here is my only complaint - I chose starter and main from the starter menu as these were the only veggie choices. The breakfast was okay though as there was loads of choice. The bar service was good. The minibar was great and came in very handy when trying to get rid of my hangover. Agreed, the surrounding area is not particularly posh or clean but didn't really affect us as it was only a 5 minute walk to the metro (Bogatell). There were a few bars, clubs and restaurants around the hotel but we didn't try any of them as our schedule was pretty full. We returned from our day out on Saturday - my partners birthday - and there was a bottle of cava for us to help celebrate it, I thought this was a lovely personal touch.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Claire30Norwich
<Content>Great Value For the money this hotel ranks very highly despite its rather grubby location. My partner and I enjoyed a three night break booked via Superbreaks at a discount, last minute and we were suprised about the quality of the hotel for the price we paid. The good points of the hotel were the friendly and approachable staff, the fantastic choice at breakfast and the leisure facilities. On the downside we found our room to be although very large, dark and stuffy,also, a radio or music channel would have been nice. We found that the rooms seemed quite noisey as sounds seemed to travel even though we were on the eigth floor. We loved the free soft drinks in the mini bar. The main hotel bar was also cheap and generous measures!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marylous
<Content>Fine Hotel in rather an unusual setting Finding this hotel in the midst of a rather run down area of Barcelona was a bit of a disappointment, but as we explored we found we could walk to the sea in 10 minutes, and to Port Vell via the promenade in 20minutes, which improved the whole situation. The hotel is really quite plush, the rooms had everything we needed, and we were impressed to find that soft drinks in room fridge were replaced daily free! The staff were very helpful, and knowledgeable about Barcelona and where to go. The only possible discontent was that breakfast was definitely better some days than others,but the Menu del Dia which started badly improved rapidly each day, and at 18 euros for 3 courses plus a bottle of wine , and a bottle of water, wasn't to be turned down. It is definitely a hotel I would visit again, particularly as we now understand that the whole area will be refurbished over the next couple of years.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Analemmatic
<Content>Like the hotel, but location inconvenient We chose the hotel for the indoor pool (February!) which we enjoyed. Not a convenient position for walking, though not too far to Metro. Also the area (light industrial) is not very scenic, though not threatening.The saving grace was the reasonable taxi costs (about 6 euro to Sagrada Familia, Port Vell or Ramblas). Out of centre location made it reasonably quiet: main disadvantage was few restaurants in local area for the evening - we mostly ate lunchtime and snacked in the evening (Try the Panaderia at the back of the hotel for great value sandwiches,drinks, pastries).We found the rooms comfortable, staff helpful, good breakfast, bar nice though service a little erratic. Telepizza room service good. We thought it was good value.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Welshgirl
<Content>Excellent hotel, will be going back as soon as possible! Myself and my husband have just returned from a 4 night stay in this hotel and it was superb. I booked this hotel based on the reviews and it did not disappoint! The hotel is out of the city but the metro is around the corner and it is easy and safe to use. The hotel itself is immaculate, the lobby and bar are welcoming and the staff couldn't be more helpful. We wanted to attend a football match and reception were able to provide us with tickets and transport to the game. The room was clean and comfortable with a fridge stocked with complimentary soft drinks replaced daily. We dined in the hotel two nights and the menu was varied, we had the daily menu for 19 euros each which included three courses, water and wine, fantastic value! I would recommend this hotel if you want an above average four star hotel and don't mind being out of the city, at least it's quiet at night!!   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HAJSouthWales
<Content>Loved it Stayed at the hotel from 8th -10th February, the area did not look very appealing but the hotel was brilliant everywhere was clean and the decor was very bright and colourful. All the little extras in the room were a nice touch. Breakfast was plentiful and suited us. Excellent value for a 4* hotel. The metro was a five minute walk and very efficient. Tube and bus passes were excellent value. Would definately stay here again on our next trip.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrelandMaureen
<Content>great hotel but word of warning This is an up market hotel at an excellent price. sparkly clean and very comfortable, really good breakfast with lots to choose from. Also the bar was great; freindly barman and great vallue for money drinks. Location was just not as 'central' as described and nothing much in the area to offer by way of restaurants and no shops at all. Bit difficult to find. Two minute walk from Bogatell Metro Stn (yellow line), on leaving the station entrance walk straight ahead and take fist left and then second right. Hotel is on right.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC HOTEL!! I have recently returned from a 3 night break with my partner, and we can both say that this hotel truly lives up to the other positive reviews of this website. Hotel was exceptionally clean, room was a perfect size with lovely hidden extras, such as the free soft drinks. Bathroom was gleaming for the whole stay, and our beds and room were cleaned every day. For the money, this is a hotel that you wouldn't mind paying more for as it is so good. Bogatel metro station was a short walk round the corner, and was an excellent base doe exploring the city. We are already planning our next trip to this superior hotel, away from all the hustle and bustle of the city, but with everything you could ask for, from a hotel. Special mention to the staff who could not be more helpful.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>muddy697
<Content>beautiful hotel   showReview(3018221, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donshe62
<Content>Good......but...   showReview(2991466, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place to Stay from the hussle and bussle of the city   showReview(2983712, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StanfromLeeds
<Content>5 Star Performance   showReview(2848330, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel **Highly Reccomend**   showReview(2839712, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pippadoodle
<Content>great place, great location, clean and friendly   showReview(2819147, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay anywhere else!   showReview(2620101, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service   showReview(2493252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JourneymanNumber1
<Content>A great value hotel   showReview(2173808, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gaia1
<Content>A Great Hotel, Conveniently Located   showReview(1546644, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vivaces
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(22294553, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>uisea7966
<Content>hotel da sogno   showReview(22053068, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo stati in questo Hotel...   showReview(22232568, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>verano07
<Content>Excelente servicio, buenas instalaciones       habitaci贸n 2  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel vicino al mare 600 m e al...   showReview(19948659, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(19646820, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oldyack
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(18942146, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ricardoSantiago
<Content>3* Normalito   showReview(17641747, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>heutehiermorgenda
<Content>Erstklassiges Hotel, nicht so erstklassige Umgebung. Absolut empfehlenswert.   showReview(17509524, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fireworks2015
<Content>Angenehmes Hotel f眉r Gesch盲ftsreisen   showReview(15601385, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel pulitissimo e con...   showReview(16730172, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Exellent h么tel   showReview(15577619, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super nette Hotelmitarbeiter   showReview(15577618, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grazioso elegante e rilassante   showReview(14731473, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimi servizi...!!!   showReview(14624112, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne adresse conforme 脿 notre attente   showReview(13983394, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel fant谩stico a 15 minutos a...   showReview(14029492, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13983393, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in Strand- und City-N盲he   showReview(13203492, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓插畨銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19167757, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>IlovenewyorkParis
<Content>Excellent rapport qualite prix   showReview(12382415, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Evvi
<Content>Realistisch betrachtet   showReview(11173535, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄨ埇鐨勩伀鐗广伀涓嶆簚銇亗...   showReview(21803121, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LE_GOTH
<Content>Moyen et mal situ茅   showReview(10416960, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅al pour notre s茅jour de 4...   showReview(11409672, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Todo perfecto hasta que llega...   showReview(11409671, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜鍦般亱銈夈伅闆倢銇︺伨...   showReview(21801885, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kieli
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(5934373, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

