<Author>lainieah
<Content>WORST HOTEL IN PR!!!       picture frame with mildew in it!! the room felt damp!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>adianez2008
<Content>It gave my pocket an ease! June 2008, I had a family emergency , needed to stay at a hotel that was inexpensive but in the heart of the condado.Check-in; Fabulous and staff did speak fluent English.Room: Had an odor, (damped0 but with airconditioning odor was gone.Bathroom: Working but definately needs remodeling.(doors to showers were a bit scary to open, due to old metal on top of rack)Needed a light on the lamps, staff immediately came and changed it.Staff; Courteous, frienly and professionalValet Parking , a bit pricey but staff very professional.Internet: Able to use internet everyday.Changed room form laggon view to ocean view. (Much better)It was convenient, and for the money Iocation, I couldn't ask for more. Definetly, needs upgrading. I love the fact that it was close to shopping, the beach and restaurants. Why pay 250 a night at another hotel close by, when everything is walking distance from this hotel. I needed it to sleep only.Bed: had no problems and we had clean sheets and towels.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>utrph77004
<Content>Do NOT stay here! Stayed here, sight unseen, due to an emergency. A friend of mine was having a legal problem, and I didn't know how long I needed to stay, so I pre-booked on Orbitz for 4 nights at the airport in San Juan, the week before Christmas. Hotel's condition was not satisfactory. One of two elevators didn't work. My hotel room did not possess a telephone (thus no wake up calls or outside communication, short of my cell phone). The wireless internet did not work, as advertised, as 90% of the time, my computer could not connect. Walls were paper thin. I could hear music coming from OUTSIDE the building, inside the HALL to my room, as well as inside my room.The night that I arrived, I asked management at the front desk to put me in a room with a phone, but was told that due to renovations, all the rooms with telephones were currently taken. As I was here due to a personal nature, and I could make the majority of my calls on my own, I decided not to complain too much and not have to deal with the hassle of changing hotels. Fortunately, I was able to get things resolved in only 2 days, and I let the manager who checked me in, Mr. Rodriguez, know that I would be checking out early the next morning.When I returned back home, I called Orbitz to get a refund for the 2 nights that I did not stay at the hotel. Orbitz called the hotel to verify that I did check out early, and for them to credit the 2 nights back. The hotel verified the information was correct, but refused to credit any nights I did not stay, due to hotel policy. I have since taken the matter up with American Express.Not only did I chose to overlook the deficiencies of this hotel, now I'm being overcharged by more than $200. A horrible way to treat customers! I would never recommend this hotel due to the poor upkeep and the horrible way they treat their customers.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	4	-1	1	

<Author>binky2008
<Content>Disgusting health violation       Slime in tub!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dvsnats
<Content>did not like The hotel charges a pretty expensive rate for parking, approx. 18/day. One day we came back from activities and there was no parking! They take a $100 deposit, out of your credit card jujst in case you charge something to your room or brake something, but goooood luck getting it back! Cannot swim at the beach, and the hotel is old school and tacky looking.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>raa9876
<Content>its not worth the stay don't let this hotel fool you , i booked 10 days at $75.00 a day, but what they do not tell you is the hotel staff are very rude, there is no cafe most of the time, i have never seen a breakfast, the beach is locked and if it was not locked it is all reef no swimming. it cost $24.00 a day to park there. there is no phone in the room, if you want a phone it only cost 35 dollars, if you want a wake up call they come beating on your door. there is no laundry here. you have to go across the street to use a public laundry. so don't be suckered in on this dump of a hotel. and by the way the internet connection sucks too, and there is no coffee  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>GimmeTradeWinds
<Content>Run Away!! This hotel stay was pre-wedding for my husband and I. Believe me when I say it is NOT what we had in mind for the start of a romantic wedding and honeymoon! First and foremost, this place is in the G H E T T O (In my opinion all of San Juan is pretty much a dump). Check-in was fairly simple and went quickly, though the staff did not speak great english (no biggie). We got to our room and opened the door to what seemed like a sauna. The A/C in the room took quite a while (2+ hours) to get cool and the hotel itself has absolutely NO A/C in the common areas. That means a hot, sticky lobby, hallways, lounge, etc. Pretty uncomfortable. By the time we got to our room we were ready to crash - our earlier flight had been canceled and we had been chasing replacement flights from Washington D.C. since 8am (it was now after 11pm). The airlines had also misplaced our luggage so we had absolutely nothing. Wanting to get a shower before bed, my husband went first. I heard a loud crash come from the bathroom and found him with the shower door (which had fallen off the tracks) on the floor. Lovely. Showering without a curtain or a door was certainly a task. The bathroom was absolutely filthy to top that off. The room itself felt so discusting that both of us put our dirty clothes from that day back on just to sleep in because we wouldn't sleep bare in the sheets! But when we finally laid down to rest, the mattress fell out from underneath us and the bed frame broke. We slept with the mattress on the floor. The next morning the manager gave my husband a 50% discount on the room for the night. We won't be going back.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	1	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>LLLLLLL50
<Content>DO NOT STAY I stayed in San Juan Beach Hotel for a weekend in September 2008. The hotel is very modest, the room furnished with very old furniture and curtains with holes, but considering the star rating I wouldn鈥檛 expect anything more. That is not the point. The point is that the hotel service is absolutely horrible. From day one my friend and me had nothing but problems. The entrance to the beach was locked. It took them one full day (and that is after our repeated requests) to open the door. But the highlight of the stay was the professional camera disappearing from the room without a trace. We left for a couple of hours and upon our return, the camera was gone. So was the old mp3 player that was inside my backpack 鈥?so whoever stole it went through my stuff! Well, even if these items were not stolen by the hotel staff, they were definitely stolen by someone who had access to the room key since the door lock wasn鈥檛 broken. We reported the incident to the hotel personnel immediately, and that is when the nightmare started. First, I was told that the hotel had nothing to do with it and that upon check-in we signed a paper according to which the hotel is not responsible for valuables stored in the room. But even so, some concern would be nice. Instead, the person we were dealing with was extremely rude. He introduced himself as Frank. I was insulted by him when he that maybe I did not have a camera and was making it all up (however I even had a user鈥檚 manual to prove the fact). I asked if it was possible to check the system (since the key is electronic) to see when the door was opened/closed. To this Frank responded that I didn鈥檛 have an electronic key (an outright lie). When I showed him the electronic key in my hand, he said it was not possible to check the system (the manager the next day told me that鈥檚 what they were doing). The only thing that Frank did for us was to call the police, who did not speak English and he translated for them (so I am not even sure about the accuracy of the translation). To cut the long story short, the service at the hotel was absolutely abhorrent. Oh yes, a curious observation: the cleaning personnel were using Wall-Mart carts (why would a hotel use a store cart?). Do not stay there unless you want to be insulted and want your belongings stolen. Expedia (through which we purchased the room) on the other hand was very helpful. They promised to investigate the incident, and, even though they were not directly responsible for the theft, issued a voucher to compensate for our inconvenience.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>pjoya
<Content>Rude!!! Unclean Dont....do it!!! I arrived and stood at the front desk while two male employees, I think managers, had their conversation while I waited at least 5 minutes RIGHT in front of them before one of them even acknowledged me. The room was ok, but that was all. no ice machines on the floors that I saw, you'll be lucky to connect to the internet, I was on the 5th floor,,,I was SOL with the internet. The lobby was clean but around the premises it was questionable. also there is no beach at their hotel, i guess it washed away. Simply put, its not worth, I know its the cheapest but you'll be better off spending a few more dollars.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	3	1	3	1	

<Author>VGMSBR
<Content>Hate it!!! A real hot mess!! Never Again!!!!!!!!!! I do not know where to start. It was a total mess. Hotel lobby small, dirty, cheap looking and broken looking. Staff members clothing tacky, old and worn. Rooms and corrider dirty and smelly. Room carpet and bathroom floors were dirty upon arrival, shower curtain were moldy, furniture cover were torn under sheets multiple black spots. I have a autoimmune disease and travel with my injections which must be stored in a refrigerator, well you guessed it, there was no refrig. My husband and I stayed 4 dys and on the last day instead of enjoying we chose to go to the airport 8 hrs before schedule time to get a earlier flight. we only slept here. We get up in the mornings and walk around San Juan eat and hang out by La Concha and the Marriot then come by in the evening have a shower and go walk the streets and hang out in other hotels.I do not recommend this hotel at all..Its a NO NO!!!!! Pay a $100 more for your comfort. Its not worth the dirt and unsanitary conditions!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Filmore
<Content>Loved Hotel San Jorge Date: August 2004 and August-September 2005This is our 25th time in visiting the wonderful island. We had booked with different hotels: To name a few: Hotel Miramar, Hotel Toro, the now demolished Hotel Central, Soy Ikebanna and a private House. Of all these my family and I have stayed with, the maximum of ten days, we found that Hotel San Jorge has an outstanding staff and the customer service is excellent. Though not a five star, this hotel proves to be more than just excellent. (This is just my point of view: different back grounds, different opinions.)I just wanted to mention that, because I don't really see any ratings or reviews on any of these hotels mentioned. Perhaps they have not signed up with the website or probably advertised the way I have been linked to them, by word of mouth or business cards.The payment is not too bad: $75.US per night for a double room that occupies up to four persons, and extra for a fifth person. I must add, even though it was our first time visiting at Hotel San Jorge, the manager found it fit to give us a discount. What a warm welcoming.Here's to:HOTEL SAN JORGE1700 PONCE DE LEON PDA 25SANTURCE PR 00909I recommended it to all my friends here in Barbados and they loved it!!!!PSI going there again this September and when I made my booking I had already been given a discount and a choice of two rooms.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jessng83
<Content>Would NOT recommend staying here! I had my destination wedding here and through that event had a terrible experience here at this hotel. But putting the event aside I wanted to inform readers of the actual hotel. Hotel is what people would label for male teenagers. The hotel is not what you could call comfy or classy. They had neon blue lights everywhere. Reminds me of a sleazy adult video set. The hotel has nice potential but needs remodeling and some definite cleaning! The conceierge and the front desk were nice but the upper managment carries the immpression that they do not really care to help you out in a situation with the hotel. The only thing this hotel has got going for them is the fantastic view of the ocean and being only steps away from the beach. I would not recommend this to families but is suitable for partying people only staying for a night or two. But the bar is so loud during the weekend and you can hear it all from your room. The regular rooms are small with hardly any closet space. But the suites are much roomier but not a good value for the price of the hotel. This is not a good place to stay for longer then a couple of days.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Damien7
<Content>Great Hotel and Staff I apologize to the Hotel for not getting this review in much sooner.I have been dealing with a family crisis.Allow me to start off by saying that it is NOT my intent to insult anyone. That being said let me say this.After reading some of the reviews. I was shocked by some of the comments.I felt the they were unfair. I say this, for this reason only.I am a Puerto Rican that lives in N.Central Florida and travel to San Juan often and stay at many different hotels throughout the Island.I have to admit that the Staff and Hotel at the San Juan Beach is Truly Outstanding and Very Professional from the Manager to the Grounds keepers.My room was Cleaned everyday and fresh linens and towels were always used. My only issue was with their WIFI working properly. Other than that I Loved My Stay There.Folks ...Please...Be Realistic...You did not pay for The Marriott or Hilton. I did not walking in expecting to be treated like the President of a large company. The rates at the San Juan Beach in comparison to the Hilton and Marriott is Half. The employee's of the San Juan Beach do not have swanty uniforms or have modern style decor...But after all...all that is needed is a Clean and Safe place for one to rest his or her head for a good nite sleep along with a staff that smiles at you and always welcomes you back as u walk in the hotel after a long day at the beach or shopping. The San Juan Beach Hotel and its Staff does just that.THANK YOU FOR A GREAT VACATION EXPIERENCE AND STAY.PJD  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>goodkarma0221
<Content>Dirty Room The room was dirty. Bed sheets and curtains had holes. The bathroom was worst, mildew all over the bathtub, the shower curtain, there was hair on the bathtub!! Horrible experience!! I mean if the management knows teh rooms are reserved they need to make things right. Those rooms, every detail should be completed...it's not like you did not know there was people coming over!I paid for that stay, that by the way, I checked out earlier and no one care to ask the reason why nor how was my experience at the hotel.I would not recomend it to anyone  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>dannyboygaga
<Content>Don`t give them your credit card!!! After a hard working but amazing winter season in Aspen, CO, me and my friend decided to go to a deserved vacation and our mind was set on Puerto Rico--a Carribean paradise. We booked and paid the San Juan Beach Hotel through Expedia for the period from April 19th to April 29th 2008. After arriving to the hotel the first thing they asked me was to give them my credit card without any explanation. Since all the other people checking in were doing that and since I was tired from the trip I just gave it to them. The room was pretty spacious with an amazing view of the ocean but was old, needed thorough redecorating and most of all had a very strong moldy smell so we had to buy an air freshener immediately. After a few days, on April 22nd when I checked my bank account I noticed that the hotel had taken 250$ off my card without notifying me and without my authorization. When I asked the front desk what was the meaning of that they said that it was just a security deposit and that it will be returned to me 48 hours after checking out. I protested for not being notified about that but just wanted to continue my vacation. When I checked out at noon on April 29th they wanted to charge me for parking but I protested strongly to the manager since I had no car so they removed that charge and my balance due was 0$. On May 1st, after I`d returned to Colorado I found out that instead of my 250$ deposit being returned to me another 250$ were taken off my card by the San Juan Beach Hotel without notifying me and without my authorization!!! When I called them they said they charged me for smoking in the room which is outrageous because they have smoke detectors so any smoke would trigger an alarm and I am not insane to smoke in a smoke-free area! Apparently they just made up an excuse to take extra money from me! Now I am trying to get my 500$ back through the law system and I had to cancel my card so the hotel could not steal any more money from me. The bottom line is: Stay as far away from the San Juan Beach Hotel in Puerto Rico as possible!!!!!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	-1	2	2	

<Author>patrat14150
<Content>New Mattress Wanted We booked this hotel thru Travel Impressions for over $150 a night. This is an older Hotel on Ashford ave. They are remodeling it, but it needs a lot of improvements b4 anyone should pay more than $75 a night. Improvements needed: carts for the maids to clean the rooms, new mattresses( they sink when you sit on them), and new windows in the rooms( we were on the 6th floor and all the noise from the street was in our room). There are pluses- great location, rooms are nice size, new elevators that are speedy, great pool and ocean view. thanx  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djbruce
<Content>Infinite Potential       The view from the pool area.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Ca-lammity
<Content>Good budget hotel, but certainly not luxurious We stayed at the San Juan Beach hotel for a week in March 2008. The front desk staff was exceptionally helpful and courteous, the ocean-side view was wonderful, and despite the activity over spring break our room was very quiet. Our room was decent but nothing to write home about...the A/C emitted a moldy smell (but we opened the windows and that took care of it), some of the paint was peeling (but we didn't even notice that until the 3rd day), a piece of the bathroom ceiling sagged, and we did have at least one scary hair blob in the bed. We felt somewhat boxed in along the Condado, since the best night life seemed to be in Old San Juan (~$15 cab ride each way). But if you are expecting to be out and about for most of the day and are just looking for a good place to crash, the San Juan Beach fits the bill. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shuarjefe
<Content>The Mangy Dog A mangy dog, no matter how friendly, is still a mangy dog. This hotel has potential. It is in the center of the Condado hotel area, convenient to old San Juan and the Isla Verde Airport. The views on the ocean side are great. The staff was generally friendly. It was the lowest priced hotel in the area.Having said that, spend the extra money for quality. We got what we paid for.The rooms that we saw were old, threadbare, and tired. There was construction going on under our room that made it impossible to nap. The pool is in the shade most of the day making it too cold to swim. There is no beach, only nasty looking rocks below the terrace. Only one elevator was working. Room cleaning was sporadic at best. The sheets did not cover the stained mattresses. We only stayed two nigths before moving to another place. Spend the extra money on a dog without fleas or the mange.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Downeaster2
<Content>Don't Check In! Don't check in! This hotel is dirty, smelly and not worth your hard earned money! The beach is there, but you can't use it, the renovations are ongoing causing it to be very loud. You can't charge drinks to your room account, but must pay separately on demand. The beds are most uncomfortable and the bathrooms leave much to be desired. We were to say the very least very, very disappointed in this place.Cindy, Portland, ME  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Pritchett54
<Content>stay away! I was reading reviews for hotels on St Martin and remembered that I never wrote a review for when I stayed at this hotel last year before a cruise. I read a couple of reviews here and most were decent some were bad. Since it was only 1 night and there wasnt much available, I figured I would take a shot. Big mistake, Huge. This place is a dump. Our room was so ratty and worn down I felt like I was staying in a vagabond hotel. Except we were paying over $200 per night. I couldnt believe how terrible the hotel was. Dont stay here under any circumstances. I would rather sleep on the rocks in front of the hotel than in the rooms. By the way, Who could imagine that the San Juan Beach Hotel, has no beach. Pretty incredible. The entire exterior of the building is surrounded by jagged rocks. The hotel also has no balconies.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>caca_8
<Content>Moldy! This place was moldy, it was dirty, it was horrible! No beach to swim. Moldy towels, pillows are all due to the fact that there is no ventalation! Ants crawling over our beds. And very loud Reggaton music on Sat. night that you can here up to the 10th floor! Wow the vanderbilts need to buy this place and bring it to the ground! Feel sorry for the new vanderbilt hotel next door.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dsingram
<Content>Only if you must.... Not a great location.Beach is only for looking at, high surf and lots of rocks = I saw no one in the water.One elevator broken so wait times became long.Wireless Internet access was poor. It couldn't hold my vpn for more than a few minutes.Two days without hot water.My advice is to either pay the money to be close to Old San Juan or go closer to the airport near a real beach.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Winging_It_Delaware
<Content>Not the Intercontinental, But Better Than Advertised I spent four days at the San Juan Beach Hotel in late January. Before making the trip I read any number of reviews of the property. Some of the criticisms I read were valid, but several were not.LOCATION: The hotel is a twenty-minute cab ride from the international airport during rush hour. It is in the middle of a tourism zone that is heavily policed. Unless you are a total couch potato you can walk along the Atlantic shore to Old San Juan in forty-five minutes. While there is no beach of which one can speak at the hotel property, there are two within a quarter mile, one on the Atlantic and the other at the entrance to Condado Lagoon.COMMON AREAS: The carpet in the hallways leaves much to be desired. The restaurant is closed, and there does not seem to be any renovation taking place. The lobby, the bar area, and the breakfast area are all clean and comfortable, but they are by no means posh. The pool area is clean and well policed. The pool is not large, but it is well maintained. Only one of the two elevators was in service, but it was more than adequate to serve the number of guest the hotel can accomodate.AMENITIES: There aren't many on sight. There is a health club east of the facility that sells daily memberships. There are restaurants in the immediate vicinity, but none on the property. Breakfast is continental.ROOMS: I stayed in a double room. The room was large by any standard. The room was clean. The bedspreads were worn. The mattress was a bit soft for my taste, but definitely up to mid-range standard. I saw and smelled less rust and mold than I have come to expect from mid-range beach hotels in Florida. The bathroom sink drained slowly so I fixed it (Room 810 if it matters to you). New linens arrived during my stay.STAFF: The staff was as friendly and cooperative as one could ask. Even housekeeping was pleasant and attentive. The general manager and the desk clerk made sure we had access to all of the attractions the island has to offer, even arranging special transportation when needed.CONCLUSION: The hotel has been under new management for roughly nine months, and the results are beginning to show. There are better hotels in the area, but this has to be one of the best bargains. Unless you intend to spend your entire stay in your room, or unless your idea of a basic hotel is the Omni, this place is worth a look.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>prs2007
<Content>Not worth it - look elsewhere Because I think it is helpful to know a reviewer's 'standards' when reading a review, I will start this review by saying, I am not a 'leave the light on' hotel-chain type of traveler. The 'lowest' level of hotels I normally stay in are Fairfield Inns. I had hoped the San Juan Beach hotel would be at that level - as I was staying for one night and only need a clean room and decent bed.I was disappointed.The staff is very friendly. That was the only highlight.For starters, I booked the hotel in part because it was 'close to the airport'. It is actually a 10 minute ($20) cab ride away. There are many hotels much closesr to the airport.Second, the lobby is the cleanest/best kept of the hotel. Beware of pics of only the lobby. It is very deceiving.The entire facility needs serious basic upgrades: 1) paint is in poor shape everywhere, 2) carpets are horrid. Really horrid, 3) the bathrooms are moldy, 3) the rooms beat up badly, 4) beds are horrid.Our flight was delayed and we arrived at 3 am. On the way to the hotel, I had decided I would pay for a late checkout so I could sleep in. But frankly, after I arrived I realized I wanted out of there as quick as possible. I slept in cloths and kept socks on the whole time. We left by 9 am. This hotel does not rate two stars. It needs serious clean up. It feels and looks dirty and grungy. I could not recommend this to anyone.Spend $30-$60 more a night and find something else.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>Rioguy
<Content>My two days at the San Juan Beach Hotel After 5 days in San Juan and driving around the entire countryside in a rental car I decided to call Hotels.com from La Pargera and try to save some cash as all the hotels in San Juan are overpriced and most of the desk employees rude and obnoxious with a take it or leave it attitude. The room was at least 30 dollars cheaper than the lowest priceI I had so far encountered so was surely worth roughing it a bit. It is an older hotel in some disrepair but as the new, energetic American manager told me they are now preparing for a major renovation. The room was enormous and spotlessly clean. The only thing threadworn was the carpet and some plaster around the EXCELLENT air conditioner but I can live with that. There was a new iron and ironing board and a new hair dryer in the bathroom. They have many channels on the nice television. My sheets and the two large beds for ONE person were clean. They also gave me no hassle whatsoever about having several friends up to visit in my room. Most hotels in San Juan will allow no one to go up to you room and look at you like you are trying to do something immoral. The pool is open 24 hours! I have never seen that offered in my life not even at the Acapulco Princess or the swankiest resorts. That business of not being allowed to swim after 7 or 8 PM is stuoid and for the birds. Near the medium sized CLEAN pool is an access to the beach. The Atlantic ocean around Condado is great for tanning but not a good beach for swimming. It is rough water and quite rocky. There is a high speed computer in the hallway with free intenet for the guests and it was upgraded the day I arrived with a new optical keyboard and mouse. Internet is almost IMPOSSIBLE to find in Puerto Rico. I could not imagine that! Their sarcastic reply all over the island is that everyone has internet and there is no need for internet cafes. Well most of the populace looks like they don't even have shoes let alone a computer with internet access! The only other I found was a very friendly,nice internet cafe that charges 7 dollars and hour in front of the Marriot about 8 blocks up the avenue and open till 11 PM and a somewhat shabby place in front of the cruise ship terminal that has limited hours opening at 2 PM till 6 PM. I found NO internet on the rest of the island and I searched everywhere. There is free ice and a snack vending room plus a restaurant and full bar. The food looked delicious even though I did not actually have a meal there. Most important to me was the friendliness of the young ladies and gents at the desk and the manager who would do anything to please. All the other places I visited on practically the entire island they were primarily obnoxious and could care less if you stayed with them or not and the rooms are outrageous in price everywhere. If you don't mind a place that has seen better days but appears to soon be on the upswing I do suggest this place. Just to have friendly people welcome you and help you with cabs and sightseeing is worth the price alone. Abouth three blocks from this hotel is Charlies Auto Rental which is EXCELLENT. Ask for Johnny, He gives excellent advice and directions. The autos are very reasonably priced with full insurance. Too many snobs in the hotels in Puerto Rico!!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ljeanine
<Content>Not as horrible as I thought it would be but......I wouldn't stay here again I stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel from August 30th through September 4th and it was definitely an experience. One of the first things we (me, my aunt and two of our friends) noticed is that there were certain things required of us that weren't stated on Expedia during the booking process. We rented a car and we weren't told until be got to the hotel that there is a $17 dollar a day charge for valet service. This really isn't bad compared to the cost of taking a taxi ride but if we were told this up front we would have at least expected it. Also, during check in we were told that they needed credit cards for both rooms in case we used room service or went to the bar. Again, this really isn't a problem and I understand hotels do this often (especially when you pay for your trip up front) but this information was not stated up front during the booking process. When we asked the front desk people to explain the need for the credit card numbers they weren't the friendliest. It took another worker to come to our assistance and explain in detail the need for the credit cards (which weren't charged). I have never been to Puerto Rico and as a first time tourist I had a couple of places in mind that I wanted to visit. The hotel did provide a little information about these places but they had pre packed tours they recommended that cost between $50 and $150 dollars. Luckily, we heard another hotel guest complaining about her tour (which she didn't finish) and decided to look into other ativities of our own. The Bacardi tour, which they priced at around $50 each, only cost us about $25 dollars total. This includes the parking garage fee, the fee for the ferry and the cab ride too and from the plant (which was a great experience). The hotel also had certain restaurants they recommended. The first night we went to one of the right down the road from the hotel, the food was okay but if you want to impress your guest, you have to do better. The second night we went to another recommended hotel, which ended up being a horrible experience! Finally, on the third day we decided to go on the internet (it is free for all hotel guest) and find attractions and restaurants on our own. The hotel was not the cleanist but I expected this due to reviews I read before my trip. We didn't spend much time in our room anyway so that wasn't one of my concerns. The main advise I want to share is do your own research, rent a car and get directions from the internet (not the locals)! Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunsurfandsand
<Content>Very Disappointing We had a stopover in San Juan overnight before returning home. The hotel was listed as close to the airport, it is 10 minutes away. The room was bug infested, the a/c did not work, and the sheets on the bed were old and did not fit. We changed rooms and still were not satisfied. Plus there's lots of construction around the hotel.Cannot think of anything postive about the hotel except the price.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>fireball92771
<Content>Not so grand I will try to keep an open mind when writing this review, as it is easy to pick out only the bad points when telling about things. I arrived at the San Juan Beach hotel 8/31/07 and was given a lagoon view smoking room. (I had requested a ocean view non-smoking) I contacted the front desk and was immediately swapped into the proper room. The walls and floor was damp, but being fair it seems almost impossible that they wouldn't be because of the fact that they are between the bay and the ocean. The floors were dirty...no excuse for that...there hasn't been a vaccuum in room 703 in quite some time (maybe months) so the sand just sticks to your clean feet. The bathroom wasn't swept the entire time we were there...I know this because I actually circuled (in pencil) the large dirt pieces on the floor to see if the maid would notice (She did not). The windows were filthy! There was no excuse for how dirty the windows were because having an ocean view it would be nice to see the ocean! My husband attempted to raise the window and the glass and frame literally came out of the track and fell into his hands. (Luckily he got it back in track and left it be.) The elevators are slow, but they get the job done. We had free continental breakfast everyday, expect for the day that someone took the key home with them and there was no breakfast. (I didn't ask what key, I was afraid I didn't want to know.) If you aren't expecting anything grand then you'll be fine...but I do prefer clean accomodations. I honestly feel that with a better housekeeping staff this hotel would be okay. Sure the hotel could use a bit of time from the local handy man...but the main problem is the dirt. I guess I'd rather stay in a clean motel 6 than to stay in a dirty 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	4	-1	3	

<Author>svinson
<Content>Would Not Wish This Upon A Enemy This was a horrible experience. I am a travel agent, and I would not reccomend this hotel to an enemy. When I arrivedand recieved my room, I was so disgusted. I called room serviceand requested a newely renovated room. Once I entered thenewely renovated room I became more disgusted. I really didnt see a difference between the two rooms. I immediately got thehell out of there. This hotel should be rated as a motel, with no stars. I would suggest the RADISSON AMBASSORDOR any time. The overall experience for san juan beach hotel is a lie.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	4	2	

<Author>RobSport
<Content>Should have listened to all of the Reviews I have always booked my trips to Puerto Rico on Priceline and have done quite well in the past with stays at Hotel Normandie and San Juan Marriott for $99 per night.This time my $99 per night on Priceline landed me the San Juan Beach Hotel which they actually call a three star rating. After getting the hotel, I looked at the reviews on this hotel and became quite concerned with all of the bad publicity it has received. I then contacted Priceline and told them that I wanted the opportunity to change hotels based on the bad reviews it had received..They emphatically said NO and that they felt that their rating as a fair assessment of this hotel. Since it was on my credit card, I had no choice but to go.When I arrived at 7:00 pm my room was not ready. I was told to wait in the lobby of the hotel. About 30 minutes later my room was ready. I was surprised that the housekeepers were still working this late. The view from the room was incredible as I was looking right directly out from the ocean. The room itself was not very clean. The carpet was still dirty, the bedspread had holes in it, the lamp shades were completed burned and the bathroom had quite a bid of mold on the ceiling and the shower curtain.Twice we were not replenished with any towels. Had to go to the front desk and were informed that they were out of towels at that point and had to wait until they washed the old ones.Pool area and view from the pool were quite nice and the gentleman that works the bar was quite entertaining and did whatever he could to make your stay good while acknolwedging that the hotel had a lot of work to be done but told us that it was under new managmement and would get better soon. (that didn't do me any good)When I checked out I had things on my bill that I never paid for like Valet Car and telephone charges. They took them off my bill, but had no idea how they got there. I do have to say that everyone in the hotel was extremely nice and seemed to acknowledge that the hotel has had many issues.My biggest issue is with Priceline because I feel that they deceived me in calling this a 3 star hotel. If I wanted a one star hotel and I stayed here then I would not be disappointed. I sent a note to Priceline after my stay and told them everything but they had no interest in what I had to stay and once again said that this meets their standard for a 2.5 Star Hotel (Funny that they were now calling this a 2.5 Star Hotel). Guess they rounded up to 3 instead of down to 2. In any case, I blame Priceline more than the hotel because I would have never booked this hotel based on the comments from the readers. Everything that everyone says about this hotel is mostly true. You get what you pay for.My suggestion would be to do your own research and never use Priceline again!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>SDM08
<Content>Better Options in San Juan We booked 2 rooms for 1 night to allow us to do some sightseeing in Old San Juan before going to the Wyndham Rio Mar for the remainder of our trip. On arrival, we knew we had made a mistake (thank goodness it was only for 1 night). The lobby was in disrepair and the had bed sheets hanging from the ceiling covering the entry to the closed mezzanine.The elevators were slow, the hallways were damp and musty. The rooms were dated, in disrepair, and were also damp and musty. Mold in the bathrooms. Each room had one towel and no washcloths in the bathroom. I went to the front desk and was told that they had no washcloths in the whole hotel!Priceline had this hotel rated at 3 stars. Won't go back and won't use priceline again. Had much better luck with hotwire.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>CheapSoda
<Content>Could NOT be worse.       A bit hard to see, but the wall was wet and dripping.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>born_t0_travel
<Content>could be worse.. Nice looking room but after awhile the blue lights were just blinding..good thing you can turn that off. The elevators were a nightmare..long waits and seemed to be under constant maintenance. Hallways were hot and humid. Very thin walls. Halls were quite noisy in the late hours of the nights. Meals at the hotel were extremely overpriced. You're better off eating elsewhere. Great location to thebeach. The swimming pool was under repair the entire time we were there, but it wasn't anything special anyway.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>mgates95
<Content>Forget it! I would not stay here again, particularly for the price we paid which included a 9% 'Hotel Service Charge' above and beyond the 9% gov't tax and $5pp/night municipal fee. When we asked about the Hotel Service Charge we were told it was another tax. In that situation we figured, what can we do? I took a look at the Holiday Inn Express website and their San Juan hotel right down the street (also in Condado) does not have this service fee. We took a look at the HI Express while we were in town and the pool is smaller than the SJB's, but that seemed to be the only drawback. And the SJB's pool got cloudier by the day, as they seemed to not be caring for it at all.We had to switch rooms after the 1st night because our TV didn't work and you couldn't adjust the temperature on the bathroom faucet. Our new room was only marginally better. And there was one day we came back to no room cleaning after being out of the room the entire day (9-5). At that point we just asked for clean towels for our shower when they offered to clean it for us then. The only food available in the hotel was a continental breakfast for a ridiculous $7+tax. The spread wasn't impressive from the looks of it and I could just grab a better breakfast from a local place for much cheaper.All in all, if I went to San Juan again I would NOT stay at the San Juan Beach. I feel it was way overpriced for the service/amenities.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>rmblnguy
<Content>How bad can bad be? Beyond belief... Traveling with a group of 16 to a cruise, we had no choice but to honor reservations at the SJBH for a single night. My wife and I simply thought, how bad can it be? We're hearty souls and can spend a single night most anywhere, and we often seek out bargains at the expense of luxury.That said, nothing prepared us for this hotel. It is unclean, unkempt, in desperate need of repair and overhaul, and from a guest standpoint, a complete disaster.There are serivce issues - we had no towels and literally chased a hotel worked to get two. There are no services in terms of food or drink and there are very limited opportunities for those within walking distance. There are cleanliness issues. The walls are peeling, the carpet heavily stained most everywhere, and even the bed linens felt and looked very dirty.With tax, we paid more than $200 for this dump; we could have had much nicer for $100 more. Our recommendation: save the $100 somewhere else. Do not - repeat, DO NOT - stay at this hotel. If you want to know just how bad can bad be?, stay at the San Juan Beach Hotel to find out .  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Gonza-huert
<Content>Never Again !!!!! Thank goodness my husband and I only slept there !! The corridors smelled, absolutely no towels in the room, mold on lamp shades, holes in linen, dust all over furniture.. We insisted on another room but it was just as bad. I even went so far to pay double at Marriott , but that was booked. I am just happy that we did not bring our children. This place is in serious need of a renovation !!!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>Makeupyourmind
<Content>Not as bad as I feared I stayed at this hotel for one night before meeting a friend at the Carribe Hilton for the remainder of my vacation. Since I was only staying for one night I went for this relatively inexpensive choice. San Juan Beach Hotel cost a total of $185 for the one night, a savings of $70 over the Carribe Hilton. Of course, the difference between the two properties is light years. The Hilton is a resort, while the San Juan Beach is a former Ramada property that needs a serious update. The lobby and and hallways are a bit dingy, but the room was fairly clean, large, and quiet. I did not see any of the dirty lampshades or bedding that other reviewers have reported on. There was no visible mold, although the air was stale until the air conditioning was turned on. The beach area is only for sunning as the surf is too violent, and the pool is indeed not for children. The Condado area, where the hotel is located, is safe for walking around with good choices of local and chain eateries. Try the Ajili Mojili, right across the street, for lunch. It has excellent Puerto Rican food at reasonable cost and the portions are ample. The good points about the San Juan Beach Hotel are the location and the friendly and efficient desk staff.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>ToniaBuffalo
<Content>Horrible-I hated this Hotel This was such a disappointment. I stayed here for 4 nights and 5 days. The hotel smelled like Mold and Mildew. The titles were falling out of the bathroom ceiling. There was rust on the lamps. The curtains had not been cleaned for a long time because they had mold on them. The only good thing about this hotel was the view of the ocean. Family members stayed not too far from us in the Best Western and this hotel was beautiful. They did'nt even pay as much as us and they had a continental breakfast, we had to go out every morning to get coffee. This place was not clean and in order to get towels you would have to wait at least 30 minutes and then they would not bring you what you asked for. I would not advise anyone to stay here....  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>MichigantoSanJuan
<Content>not my favorite wakeup call!!! So I travel to San Juan frequently and absolutely LOVE the San Juan Beach Hotel. Not your 5-star establishment and the owners could stand to put some money into remodeling the joint, but its on the beach and the folks that work there have always been so wonderful...until the other day.I woke up a little bit after 6AM to the sound of sirens and horns and whistles and some angry folks outside picketing the hotel! Then I read in the news today that the San Juan Beach hotel fired like 20 workers and replaced them with no notice or anything! I will be checking out immediatetly, the noisemakers outside said they would be picketing every morning!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sebaini
<Content>Desaster Old, Dirty, Smell, no room service, no bar.Complete desaster for $150 a nigth.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	-1	3	3	-1	

<Author>loszeta
<Content>Good value in an expensive city. Our room was clean and overlooked the bay. It's a good price (on Orbitz) for what you find in this very pricey city. The restaurant and bar are closed, but there is a beautiful deck to sit out on and read or bring a laptop to do work oceanside. Easy and inexpensive cab ride into Old San Juan or the airport.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Dendan
<Content>You' ve been warned Husband and I stayed at San Juan Beach hotel. We just like to enjoy our surroundings, and we read all the reviews and still decided to stay. What a BIGGG mistake. The location was pretty good and the staff was extremely friendly. The place reeked with a mildew smell. It was awful just walking into our room, and waking up to the smell of mildew. Luckily we didn't spend much time in our room at all. We visited the Condodo casino and resort. We should have stayed there for about $60 a night more it would have been well worth the difference in price. We had also stayed at the comfort inn post cruise. Which was nice and comfortable, with coffee in the room. We will not stay at this hotel again, and I suggest that you don't subject yourself to the disappointment.My husband and I had the attitude that it is just someplace to sleep but, we couldn't really enjoying sleeping because of the smell. So you have been warned, just as we were, but do not make the same mistake we did.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	1	2	

<Author>KazBilbao
<Content>Complete disaster It was old, shaby, dirty, with stange odours, without a coffee shop, restaurant or bar. Staff friendly but unable. They asked for my visa card just to check-in and afeterwars, when I returned from my holiday I realized they麓d charged money without my sign. (I had payed with voucher). I sent several emails asking for refund, they answered twice promising they would return the money back but finally I had to complain to my bank, who did the job for me and I had my money returned 6 months later. it was not a big amount but I was so angry...!. The room was oldish and the bathroom uncleaned. Don麓t go to this hotel  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>kacyOntario
<Content>rundown We stayed one night before catching an early flight. Only nice thing to say was that the few staff we ran into were friendly and helpful. Hotel is run down, room was very spacious but worn out, gave the impression of it not being really clean. The fact it was close to restaurants was a bonus. Would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>bjrhomes
<Content>Disappointment in San Juan Beach hotel I stayed at this hotel on November 17, 2006 - one night before a cruise. I was very disappointed in the accomodations. The lobby has no operating restaurant. Therefore, you have to go out to get coffee in the morning. The one computer that guests can use is located in the lobby hallway to the elevators. It was not working during my stay. The rooms leave alot to be desired - especially the bathrooms. Ours had ants crawling around the sink. Not an infestation but enough to notice. We were also on an upper floor.The bathroom needed maintenance. Caulking around the sink tub etc. The bathroom sink did not drain fast. When I looked down there was massive amounts of hair. The beach this property is located on is not a beach you go in and enjoy the water. So if you are booking a hotel on a beach for the purpose of hanging out on the beach. This is probably not for you. Also the ladies bathroom on the first floor was unusable due to a urine smell. I would not stay there or recommend this hotel especially for the rate and the taxes. They should do Better.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Paisajista
<Content>Good Location, need refurbishment I stayed at San Juan Beach, for the price I believe I got a good deal. When I first entered the lobby I thought I was loosing my money, but they gave me a very good room with an amazing view of the ocean. The room was ok and spacious. It is the lobby that needs a lot of work. The staff was very good, we had a problem with the air conditioning and inmdaitely we got a technician fixing it. Being in Condado you get an excellent location, close to restaurants, shopping stores and public transportation, you get the ocean and the hotel has a pool. For 90, which was my deal, is more than enough.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>iseeyouRN
<Content>In need of TLC The best things one could say about the San Juan Beach Hotel are the location and the staff. Located in Condado, the hotel is within walking distance of restaurants, shopping, the beach and the busline which made geting to Old San Juan a breeze (a bus ride is $.75 one way). The staff at the front desk were helpful and friendly. Reviews that describe the shabbiness of the hotel are true.The first thing we noticed about our room was the musty smell. There was mold on the ceiling, the bedspreads had rips, the bathroom was in dire need of updating, with a leaky sink, poor ventilation and not enough towels and wash cloths.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	3	2	

<Author>juani55
<Content>not that great We stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel 7/31 till 8/4 2006we had to deal with Humidity and walls that werereaking with moisture and ALSO bed and pillows that were wet , We requested a room change and was indeed given one with no problem. This hotel needs some seriuos maintanes. The room and the halls have a musty smell which makes you get up early and leave the room. The good thing about it is that the staff is very polite and helpful, the pool is nice but you must know how to swim to enjoy it not for short people or people that can't swim. Oh before i forget make sure you hang the DO NOT DISTRUB sign ON THE DOOR KNOB or the maid will just walk right in your room without knocking. I will not stay in this Hotel again  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	5	5	

<Author>JRM404
<Content>Dissappointment at the San Juan Beach Hotel We booked the hotel for June 23, 2006 for 2 nights stay. I have to start off with the long wait at the reception desk. Then we finally get our room and noticed some things within our 2 nights stay. First, there seem to be an issue with hot water, it appear that if you showered from the afternoon up you barely had hot water. Next, we didn't seem to have enough towels for 3 of us staying there. Also the tv remote in our room didn't work. The view to the beach was lovely but you could not swim off the hotel beach due to coral or rocks. The worst thing that happened was that we paid $16 dollars for parking and when we arrived in the evening from site seeing the parking lot was full. We got our money back but it strikes me very odd that if you are staying at a hotel and especially if you pay for parking that a spot should be reserved for the guest. We ended up looking for parking elsewhere. I would rate this hotel at most a 2 and would not revisit it again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the Price Myself and my travel partner stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel during the Memorial day holiday 2006. We were traveling for a speciffic event located on the Ashford Ave Strip in Condado. Much to our suprise, the San Juan Beach Hotel was one of the host hotels for our event! I have stayed in the Condado area many times, and I usually stay at the Marriot. I booked the San Juan Beach Hotel sort of last minute, and I was very satisfied with the price. I was a bit skeptical, because before I traveled, I read other reviews of the hotel. The hotel was quite pleasant! The facilities were quite clean, and the room was very large. I only have two complaints: 1. The bathroom was not really updated, and could use some work, however it was clean, and the room serivice was very good about cleaning the bathroom. 2. TOWELS!!! We had to make a stink about getting towels, but once the stink was made, we didnt have a problem after that. I will stay at this hotel again for sure. The staff, although small, was VERY VERY nice, and that means a lot. Also, the on site bar was cozy.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price I thought the staff was great and very friendly, to this day i still remember the bellhop's name. The rooms could've been better as far as decor but the views were great. I stayed in an ocean view which was beautiful and family members with me stayed in the lagoon view rooms which didn't share the same splendor but the view was nice also. The lounge wasn't the greatest with expensive drink's and not so great food. All in all i got my money's worth being that the price was fairly low. I feel i got more than i paid for.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look elsewhere! We stayed in the San Juan beach hotel for two nights and if we had booked a stay for longer, i would have switched hotels. When we got to our room it smelled... rather reeked of cheap men's cologne, I could only imagine had been sprayed to cover-up the mustiness of the room. The lamp shades were burnt around the edges and dirty and the decor was tacky and outdated. On top of it, the room overlooked a parking lot. We complained about the smell and they moved us to an ocean-view room which was better as far as view and smell went, but it was still tacky and cheap looking. The sound of the ocean through the window was nice, but there is a construction site right next door to the hotel, so we woke up at 7:30am to the sound of jackhammers. While the hotel is, in fact, on the beach, there is a warning sign at the entrance to the beach that basically says you'd be crazy to go in the water there... and you can tell just by looking that the currents are strong and the rocks are many. The hotel restaurant was closed when we were there, which was probably just as well because it just looked like a dumpy sports bar restaurant anyway. The only upside to the hotel is that it is on the closer side to Old San Juan, so the taxi trips were quick to get out of there.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Bother.... I recently stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel and was unimpressed. The first room we were given had stains by the beds, stains in the entrances and holes in the comforter. The second room was a little bit better, but it had a musty smell to it. All the lampshades had brown water stains on the bottoms which made it very difficult to sleep when two of them are right by the bed. The bathrooms were simple and they only give 2 towels at a time. The beach was a block away and there are no excursions that the hotel offers. I also found ants in a package of cookies that I bought. On a good note, the staff was nice once we asked to change rooms. Needless to say, I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Except for the Ants We stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel prior to a January 2006 cruise.The facility had no amenities. No restaurant, no beach, the bar closed early, to get coffee we had to use a vending machine.Room was relatively large, the beds comfortable - overall adequate. Until...I had left on the desk, ovenight, a glass with a little bit of soda in it. In the morning, the glass was covered with ants; and, the ants were all over the desk top as well.We cleaned up as best we could and left for our cruise. Fortunately, the ants stayed at the Hotel.We had also booked a reservation there for a one day post cruise stay. Needless to say, we cancelled that and booked a room at the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino-about a half mile away.It turns out that the Condado room was less than $20 a night more than the San Juan Beach Hotel; but, was light years better with a large clean ant-free room, five restaurants (the Italian restaurant was great), fashionable gift shop, excellent bellman service, two pools, beach facilities, and, a casino.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wlechner
<Content>Good value in the Condado District The San Juan Beach Hotel is a very good value and has been greatly improved. I stayed there two years ago and it was awful. This time, I was very pleased with the plesant room, particularly the cleanliness which is always high on my list. Of course, I don't spend much time in the hotel when I'm in PR so I don't use the amenities, but the rooms are nice and the staff is superb! Every single staff member has been helpful, pleasant, and went out of their way to answer our specific questions about restaurants, shopping, activities, the bus service (which is right out front and a great cost savings), etc. The restaurant hasn't been open, but maybe that will change as they continue to upgrade. But there are several good choices close by so it really didn't matter. So if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive but pleasant hotel, the San Juan Beach Hotel is a good choice.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ISMA
<Content>Not Very Impressed I stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel for one night before a cruise and I believe that this hotel could be good with some work and that currently there are a lot better options in San Juan. The hotel is an old building that has a nice location right on the coast and is close to the main areas of San Juan. A small pool and sitting area are out back. The lobby itself is not very inviting and taken up mostly by an always empty bar. The staff were friendly and check-in was fairly painless. The rooms appear to have been recently updated cosmetically with new furniture, carpet, and bedspreads but it is far from any type of full renovation and the furniture felt very cheap. However, the air conditioning unit worked well and was strong. The room had no balcony although there was a good view of the water. The room appeared clean, but I had my doubts, and the bathroom could have used a lot of work. There were ants in the bathroom, and a mysterious moth flying around our room at night. I believe that there are much nicer properties in the San Juan area and I would not go back here, but if you are looking for a bed and a roof without frills or amenities, this is a good choice.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>giftagab
<Content>We enjoyed the ocean view tremendously We booked our stay at the last minute directly through the hotel (it was cheaper than going thru anyone else). We knew they didn't have a beach we could swim at but it is ocean front, the swimming beach is a short walk or cab ride away and we didn't want to stay in the more popular and crowded Isla Verde area since we've stayed there before (this hotel is in the Condado area, which by the way is undergoing a lot of construction). We were given an ocean view room on the 9th floor. The ocean is so close and the weather was so nice (mid 80's during the day and cool at night with little humidity) during our stay, that we kept the window open and enjoyed the soothing sound of the waves crashing. It was very relaxing and pleasurable to sleep and wake up to! We couldn't see it at night though except for the one night the rear hotel light was on.The front desk was friendly and willing to help us with anything we asked (calling restaurants to put us on the wait list, calling taxis, sending extra towels up- they're cheap with towels though and I called housekeeping for them once and they never came). Overall we had a pleasant experience. It wasn't as high quality as we usually go for but we were going for more affordable for this last minute trip which is almost impossible to find during the Christmas holiday especially last minute (we booked the day before we left- 12/25-12/29)! They do have a pool as an option for swimming and sunbathing, overlooking the ocean. There is a beach you can stroll, with rocks and old reefs that are pretty which you can walk directly onto from behind the hotel. They have a couple pool tables and a bar which serves mostly finger food but we didn't order anything there. We ate a tasty breakfast complete with cafe con leche at an ocean front location just a few doors up the block (they have a few specials on typical puerto rican style breakfast) which was very convenient and affordable. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cbcito
<Content>San Juan Beach does it again...!       My room...I really do pick up after myself.. I swear.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>San Juan Beach Hotel...without beach! We were very disapointed when we looked at the beach and find out that you can not even swim or go into the water. The hotel was less than fine, not as clean as we wished. The service was very slow and the people at the front desk not very smart....or kindly enough to tell you about tours, places of interest..etc...the only thing: there was a very nice Barman, he was the nicest person we met :)!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some caveats Room was large and had a nice view. Airconditioning worked. It took a service call to be able to turn the water on in the bathtub/shower. To their credit I did not have to wait long. I also had the same problem turning the water off. The biggest problem I have was paying cash upon checkout after presenting a credit card on checkin. They put a $138.00 temp authorization on my card when my bill was only $111 (special hospital rate). I stayed the night of 6/8 and here it is 6/16 and the temp authorization has not been lifted. I called the hotel and was told by a desk clerk that their bank keeps the authorization in effect for 17 days. This to me is unacceptable. I called my bank card and the authorization manager and I have tried to contact the hotel's accounting department for two days now. Yesterday there was no answer at all and today I was only able to get a voicemail system to answer. I think this is another case of unresponsive management as mentioned in another posted review.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, With Some Drawbacks I loved the ocean view and sound from my room. It did feel a bit damp, however, as I have read in other reviews. The location was wonderful 鈥?nice restaurants and bars nearby, and a nice walk to better beaches. The staff was very friendly and helpful but three things were wrong: 1) the website promised a coffee machine and CD player in the room, but they were not there and not provided after I mentioned it, 2) the doors of all rooms are incapable of closing quietly, therefore, there was a lot of slamming noises at all hours and 3) there was an all night party nearby which woke me up throughout the night until 4:00 a.m. I finally had to call the person at the front desk, who handled it promptly and successfully.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Experience After reading some of the negative reviews, I almost cancelled my reservation. Very glad I didn't.Yes, the hotel is old (looks like a 50s era building), but it was clean, had a very courteous staff, and was located in the new hot area of Condata. We could walk to all the restaurants, and the night life in the Condata area is active and fun. In addition, the area is very safe; the main street always has lots of people, and frankly I liked the cars crusing the main drag. Reminded me of California in the 50s.Our room was on the 9th floor with a great ocean view. We could open our windows, so at night you could hear the wave crash on the beach. The last time I had anything like that was at a Mexican resort were I was paying almost $400 per night, not $185 like at the San Juan Beach hotel. We only ate breakfast there, and the buffet was limited. But you could order anything from the menu.The pool area was in close proxmity to the beach. The seas were too rough to swim on the days we were there, but you could walk a pretty good distance. The pool itself was fine.After staying at this hotel, I don't know why so many people are negative about it. The employees were far more courteous than the crew we ran into at the upscale Marriott down the street, and the rooms were large and quite comfortable.Give it a try.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ab1881
<Content>Glad it was only one night We had two rooms for one night after a cruise in feb. The rooms were not very clean and one room smelled so bad, (like cleaning supplies) that we managed to open the window and had a gale force wind off the ocean that helped with the smell. Only one room had a clock and the bathrooms had rusty towel bars. It worked for one night but I wouldn't want to stay here again. Also there really isn't a beach at the hotel, it's all huge rocks and you are not able to swim in the ocean.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Superific
<Content>Just OK...Wouldn't stay here again. I just spend two nights at the San Juan Beach Hotel. I was looking for a deal, but opted to pay a little more hoping to get a better hotel. Negatives: 1) I often had to wait at the front desk too long to ask a question 2) No clock in the room (what??) 3) Room smelled weird 4) Window air conditioner was noisy 5) Lots of noise from cars late night. Positives: 1) Right on bus route (costs 25 cents per ride) 2) Near WalgreensI guess it was not all that bad, but considering I was paying $50 more a night (compared to the lowest priced hotels) I was expecting a little more.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Short but pleasant stay On Jan 19, 2005, we arrived around 9pm and check-in was smooth. Room  bathroom was big, no hair dryer, but I brought my own. Only towels provided were 2 small hand towels, but we requested bath towels and had them within an hour. Didn't use the pool, but it looked fine. No jacuzzi. Ice machine on our floor had been removed, but we used the one on the next floor down with no problem. Also had to valet park there for the night, which was $12. Had a drink in the bar--$6 for wine, $5 for rum  cranberry/orange. The room rate was $198 per night, but we stayed free since we won this trip in a sweepstakes. Nice comfortable bed with good mattress! Had breakfast there the next morning--continental buffet was around $6, but was all starch: unimpressive white bread, cheap pastries, bagels. We ordered fruit  yogurt off the menu for $5.50, and an American Breakfast for about $11. Food and service were good, and nice view of the ocean. Didn't have time to explore the hotel any further since we were traveling to Aguadilla the next day.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esor
<Content>Would stay here again!!! My husband and I spent 12/26 to 12/31/04 at this hotel. I was a little nervous about staying here, after reading some of the reviews on this site. But, was HAPPY to find out that the reviews were wrong. We thought the staff and hotel was nice. The staff was friendly, and willing to help in anyway they could. Our room was neat and clean. We did have a little trouble with getting towels, but, once we spoke to management they were very apologetic. The chamber maids don't speak english, I think they thought we were asking for beach towels. The hotel has a pool, which has a nice view of the ocean. The beach is mainly for walking on, but, we did see some people swimming. We liked the location, within walkin distance to a Casino. (Wyndham Condado) A couple doors down from the hotel, just after the Subway Sub Shop, their is a cute little Spanish Rest. where we had great drinks and food. I think that some of the reviews of this hotel are harsh, for the price you can't go wrong. Some people can never be happy. It may not be the Ritz, but, your not paying Ritz prices. It's a cute, clean hotel. I would defintely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over priced and dirty... Stayed 12/11/04. We were supposed to have connecting rooms for my husband and two teenage sons and another room close for my step mother, when we arrived we were told the only rooms for us were on three different floors. There was a party till the wee hours of the morning and then fights in the hall on the floor my husband was on. At breakfast the next morning several police were searching the hotel. This lovely night cost us 350.00! We stayed at he Hilton on the way back from the cruise and I wouldn't recommend that either.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the Best but... Great Location but:1) Had to wait over 45 minutes to check in.2) The room I requested a month in advance was suddenly not available upon my arrival. I had to get a smaller room just to speed up process.3) No ironing board or iron.4) They closed off restaraunt for private parties and all guests were excluded. We had to walk and find another restaraunts on nights we didn't feel like leaving the hotel.Otherwise location was fine and a small public beach area is a block away.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! My husband and I had reservations and stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel the first weekend in October, 2004 prior to a Caribbean cruise. Although old, it was clean and pleasant, with a spectacular ocean view from our room. The only complaint we have is that the bartender was slower than molasses in January. My brother was staying in the Old San Juan Wyndham and had a balcony. I made the HUGE mistake of cancelling our reservations at the Beach Hotel for the two days we planned to stay in San Juan again post-cruise. So the following week, we stayed at the Old San Juan Wyndham. We had a view of a parking garage and ended up paying more than we did for the Beach Hotel - and of course got no balcony. The only reason I can think of that others complained about the Beach Hotel is because it is old and we, as Americans, are not used to things that are not nice and shiny and bright. The Wyndham was not new, either, and I would highly recommend the Old San Juan Beach Hotel to anyone travelling to San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EQUIRE
<Content>Cheaper Alternative I travel to PR often because it a cheap, quick trip and I normally stay at this hotel or the Marriot. The Marriot is a little pricy at certain times of the year, but is the best place to stay in San Juan. However, the San Juan Beach Hotel is the next best alternative if you want something cheaper. The rooms are big, which is good if you are traveling with friends and the location is great. It's near the beach and shops on Ashford Ave. It is on a bad piece of the beach, but I normally walk up to the Marriot (3 minutes) and use their stretch of beach. It does smell a little moldy, but so do all of the hotels directly on the beach no matter how great they are.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A DUMP!!!!!!!!!! WHAT A DUMP!!!!!!Only one elevator working most of the time.Dirty Mouldy Grout in the BathForgot wake-up callsFront Desk Indifferent to guests- On the phone with personal calls all morning long.Bar was closed.Restaurant was closedBeds are poor qualityNo bell man on duty- ever!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and Clean I stayed at the San Juan Beach Hotel 8/5--8/8. It was a trip for my birthday. Let me tell you this was the best birthday I've spent in a very long time. The hotel is clean and inviting, the staff is friendly and very accommodating. The rooms are clean and very comfortable. I would stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible The hotel is a dump. It says first class but is more like a Motel 6. Bathrooms very dirty with mold on the curtains and ceiling.Also had mold underneath the lamp shades. Would never recommend anyone to stay there!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Non-responsible management In May of 2004 I was on my way to St. Thomas when a mechanics strike forced my American Airlines flight to do an over nighter in Puerto Rico. American Airlines put us up in this old beat up dump for the night. They gave us (two people) fifty dollars in dinner cupons plus the room. At check in they kept our cupons which we thought was strange and they told us to come back in a half hour for dinner. The resturant was a small 5 table dump. When we got there we were told they were to busy to wait on us so we went to bed. The next morning we did not get out 4AM wake up call and could have missed our rescheduled flight. The place is not kept up and is in a bad location. We tried to use and A T  T prepaid calling card on the room phone and all we got was a Spanish voice recording on the phone. The phone never would take our card. The next day we were charged service fees for nothing at all on the phone. I say get to another place because there is no dignity at this place at the management level.   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best kept secret in town! This is the place to stay in San Juan! I have stayed at the Caribe Hilton, Condado Plaza and the Marriott, and let me tell you the rooms here are much more spacious and the quality of the bedroom furniture is first-class. The service is personalized and extraordinary. Now they have opened a new Cafe-Deli, the best food in the area! Truly, a gem! Don't miss this boutique hotel in the middle of all the action and walking distance to casinos, designers choppes, restuarants and the beach.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! This place is pretty bad. The rooms were damp and dirty. You could see water lines running down the side of the walls from the moisture. The bathrooms were dirty and moldy.Stay away!  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Dump A real dump! Self cleaning bathtub - never touched by a human hand; tomatoes could grow from the mold in the bathroom; switches on the wall that don't do anything; lights by the bed that you wouldn't touch without a sock; a swimming pool best categorized by a duck pond; non existent service; etc. etc. - stay away from here! 5/5/04  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected We returned 4/1/04. Had a great time, the hotel is clean and the staff is extremely accomodating. This hotel has been getting a bad rap. It's not a hilton and it doesn't have hilton prices, we definetly got our money's worth and were pleased with the room and the service.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spacedog
<Content>rooms really really damp   showReview(1722480, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look no further!   showReview(1640256, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recent Stay in January, 2004 at the San Juan Beach Hotel   showReview(1560632, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Had Fun   showReview(1537799, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recently Renovated   showReview(1510366, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ILNDGRL71
<Content>Bacteria Frapp   showReview(1260466, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ramada San Juan   showReview(933179, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Going Back Soon   showReview(932489, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>if you want towels don't stay here!!   showReview(846514, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tired Romada   showReview(830518, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>einfache Unterkunft   showReview(17437435, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gemischt epfehlenswert   showReview(15567927, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>renovierungsbed眉rftig   showReview(15567926, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio   showReview(15567925, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sympa pour les petits budgets   showReview(15567924, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage   showReview(13974660, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>angie4411
<Content>No pasa Inspeccion de Sanidad   showReview(5699669, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	5	2	3	3	2	

