<Author>KayMacNyc
<Content>Great Airport Hotel When I came back from Asia I had a not too free willing stay over at the Sheraton Hotel at the Airport. My flight got cancelled and I was put into the hotel. I was really annoyed by the flight company but when I came into the hotel the lovely staff there made my anger disapear. There were really understanding and nice and provided toothbrushes and other toiletries. (as all my luggage was checked-in) The room was nice and clean with all the amaneties of a 5 star hotel. I went down to the restaurant and the food was georgous. I had a voucher for my dinner but the prices were quiet resonable for an airport hotel. The breakfast buffet was hue and also very good. Although I did not plan on staying at that hotel I must say that I continued my journey very relaxed and I am now thinking over booking a room there for my flight back. as it is very convenient and the jetlag isnt too bad then. So anyone who is thinking o doing the same i can just recommend this hotel due to its friendly staff and brilliant location.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shambo123456
<Content>Best Hotel EVER!! Came here expecting an average nite in an average place but the Sherton exceeded my expectations beyond belief. I would definately stay here again and would recommend this splended Hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RoxxyGirl
<Content>Location, location and oh yes, location. I was able to book 2 free rooms using Starwood points and it was the perfect end to our 3 week European adventure. We arrived somewhat late and utterly exhausted and had an 11 am flight the next day. The hotel was easy to find (we arrived on the ICE train and it was about a 5 min walk) and check in took about 2 minutes. We had two connecting rooms- both of which were very clean and modern. We were given 30 minutes free internet on the computers which was just enough to print our boarding passes and check our facebook鈥a. My only grievance with this hotel is that there was nowhere to get water. They had no vending machines so we had to go to the swanky hotel bar and pay a premium (24 Euros) for two bottles of water. It was a serious joke. So stock up on drinks before you arrive or ask them to add some vodka to your water.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flyairhost
<Content>An Expensive Airport Hotel but with Great Amenities and Location Location: Sheraton Airport is located at Frankfurt Airport, connected by a skybridge from Terminal 1, Hall C. The hotel is literally above the local airport train station. Also connected to the ICE or long distance train by a walkway. Even though the hotel is right at the airport, you cannot hear any of the jet noise thanks to the double-sided and strong windows. There are no rooms with any good views; either you will have the airport/runway, one of the towers on either side or the construction of the new Movennpick hotel behind it, on top of the new ICE (long distance) train station. Quite cleaver design, but that is a different review.The Frankfurt airport does also have many nice restaurants, full bars and a full grocery store if you will be staying at the hotel for a short period of time and do not want to venture too far. However, the Frankfurt city main train station (Hauptbanhof) is located only 10-15 minutes by the local train service which is available 24 hours a day. During the day the service runs every 15 minutes and at night once an hour. However, other trains further into the city stop service at 1am and do not re-start until 4am. If you want to go further into the city for shopping and sightseeing, it is an extra 5 minutes to the Hauptwache or Konstablerwache stops; which is in the middle of the Zeil or shopping district and a few steps away from the Alte Oper and Romer Platz.Lobby: Lobby area is nice and open with a glass ceiling. It does look nice but in the summer gets too hot and in the winter too cold. The lobby has an atrium style caf茅, business center and sitting area. Business meeting rooms are nice with a great staff that will attend and cater to all your needs. Check-in: Due to the fact that we were arriving at 6am, the hotel reservation was made for a 鈥榣ate check-in鈥?the night before; meaning that we would have a room when we arrived. However, upon arrival, the check-in desk attendant could not find the reservation. Finally, after much looking and calling, the reservation was found. In addition, the guest should be given a 鈥渦ser code鈥?to be able to connect to the in-room internet and hotel wireless services. But we did not receive such and we had to call the guest services line to get the user code.Rooms and Bathrooms: The rooms were very nice and clean. My favorite part of most European hotels is that they have large and deep bathtubs were taking a long bath is actually enjoyable and comfy. However, the only problem with European hotels is that mattresses tend to be a little hard; which was the case here. But comfy and thick comforter and bed sheets made it bearable. Lighting was nice with plenty of indirect light, which made it nice and comfy ambiance. There is quite a selection of channels for the international traveler such as Italian, Japanese, Chinese and English channels among others. The 4 channels available in English are CNN International, Bloomberg News, CNBC Europe and BCC. After 2 hours, I knew all the world problems and I just wished they had another channel besides news 24/7. Amenities are good with shampoo, soap, hair dryer and a bathrobe. A motion-sensor minibar is available but have to be careful with moving any items as it will be automatically charged to the room. Internet is available in the room (cable or wireless) when receiving a 鈥榰ser code鈥?when checking-in.Fitness Room: The Fitness Center is great with a good selection of modern and functional cardio and weight machines. The men鈥檚 locker room has private showers, a dressing area, bathrobes, towels and hairdryers. The Fitness Center also has a unisex spa and relaxation room. After I worked out, I went to use it. They have a great selection of magazines to read (Men鈥檚 Health, Business Traveler, USA Today, Herald Tribune, Time and others) while laying down in the heated wooden lounge chairs. Flavored water (orange, lemon and lime) is available. A dry sauna and a steam bath are available in the area as well as refresher showers. The fitness center is available 24 hours a day with your room key. An attendant is available to clean machines, restock towels and clean locker room areas.Restaurant: The 鈥淔lavour鈥?Restaurant is open pretty much all day. D茅cor is nice with nice comfortable chairs, tables and a great selection of wines, champagnes and full bar drinks. We came for lunch and the guest has 3 options: (1) the a-la-carte menu, (2) the salad (cold) bar or the (3) full (hot) bar. The salad bar has, in addition to the salad, many cold-cuts of fish (salmon and tuna), hams (parma) fruits, cheeses and dessert among other selections. The hot bar will have a great selection of one pasta, different steam vegetables, fish and meats. This was my option and I enjoyed the hot bar quite much. However, as it is a 鈥榖usiness鈥?restaurant, it was quite expensive; one salad and one hot bar with a sparkling water and a diet coke cost 75 Euro (about $100 US dollars in today鈥檚 currency exchange). Dinner? Would have gone to one of the other nice and less expensive restaurants at the main terminal at the airport just a 5 minutes walk!Staff: The Sheraton staff was very nice, accommodating, professional and friendly. I do give this hotel high ranks for their professionalism and availability to assist any and all of their guests.Check-out: The process was quite fast and painless鈥?much less than the check-in one. It took less than 5 minutes to check-out. We left our bags at the concierge desk while we waited for our flight. Price: as most Sheraton Hotels, it is not a cheap hotel costing about $200 a night for a double room per night. Price varies depending on the season and availability of rooms.Final Comment: This hotel is nice for easy access to Frankfurt city and the airport. However, for the budget conscious traveler, other hotels are available a short bus ride from the airport. Some are located in the city, which makes it convenient if you want to go sightseeing and enjoy downtown Frankfurt. For those that want to stay at this Sheraton, they will find a good, comfortable and clean room, a good fitness center and hotel facilities that will make this stay an enjoyable one.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>BWUK
<Content>Stylish and modern This is an excellent hotel, no doubt, and I was able to stay through work, but otherwise I suspect it would have been extremely expensive.It was clean, stylish, high-class, spacious, comfortable, and the staff were extremely welcoming and polite.The room was gorgeous, nicely presented - modern but very comfortable.Breakfast was amazing, with a huge choice and lots of fresh fruit.Conference facilities were superb.There are lots of facilities in the hotel, and it is connected to Frankfurt airport terminal building by walk-ways, so perfect for business meetings with people from other countries.I'd love to stay again with this chain, but I'd never pay the huge sums they'd no-doubt ask!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>themightyred
<Content>Sheraton at the Airport very convenient Stayed at the Sheraton Hotel Frankfurt at the Airport. It is too convenient just to walk over to the Terminal in the morning AND you can check your bags in for the flight and go back to enjoy a hugh breakfast buffet. (Far better then the small restaurants in the Terminal).Really enjoyed our stay there, clean rooms and very nice staff. Will return on the next flight out of Frankfurt.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCMember
<Content>Good and convenient Stayed one night at the Sheraton since I had an early flight from Frankfurt airport (Terminal 1).Check-in was not utterly efficient, even in the SPG queue - however I was awarded an upgrade (as SPG Gold) even though this was an Expedia booking (many Starwood hotels do not upgrade you in that case, so this is a good point for this hotel)Upon arrival, there was a room service used plate next to my door (not the nieghbouring one), which for one second led me to think that I had been allocated an already occupied room.The room was spacious and well equipped with a good working area and comfortable bathroom. A bit soulless like often for airport hotels (the Sheraton Towers at Heathrow being only slightly better), but neither tired nor gloomy.Strangely I was unable to find the Hotel telephone number anywhere (I needed to be called back from a landline) so eventually my contact had to look for it on the Hotel website (a bit of a joke really).It took me some time to get an answer from room service but once I ordered the food was delivered on time. I was very pleansanty suprised by the quality of the food: one of the dishes was definitely restaurant quality (and I am not an easy guest). This I had very rarely seen/tasted, especially at airport hotels.Well above average.Check out was very efficient (well what would you expect at 5:40 am) but front desk staff were very helpful in helping me with how to navigate corridors leading to Terminal 1 - for this the hotel is extraordinarily convenient.Overall, very satisfied - would have been a 5 without the minor glitches I mentioned.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>jennspartacus
<Content>walk from airport I had a day room here after an overseas flight, during a 14 hour layover. Prime location, as it is connested to the airport by a covered walkway. As expected, the room was comfortable and clean.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mclachlan4321
<Content>Perfect stay A very efficient, clean, quiet and comfortable stay directly at the airport.Not cheap, but well worth it !  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjjj1234
<Content>very good The hotel was build in 1974(there is a newer part denoted towers which is newer, but NOT higher). It is very well kept. Cleanliness is very good. Rooms are practically soundproof (Hotel is located next to motorway and airport). Staff is friendly and efficient. While there may be better choices for Frankfurt city centre, this is a very good choice for Frankfurt Airport. Location is extremely convenient for Frankfurt Airport and local and long distance trains (less than 0.3 km) . I was there for a business meeting; facilities were good but food was rather mediocre. It seems to be rather pricey , too (EURO 29 for a continental breakfast) at regular price. Cheap alternatives (e.g. McDonalds) are very near, however.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gio4
<Content>Convenience for a price On my way home from Iraq, I just needed a place to get a shower and lay my head for the night before my flight. I initially looked up local hotels from the airport on my laptop, and after balking at the price, realized I wasn't going to get anything much cheaper (several of the other hotels were full).Check-in was pleasant and friendly. The check in clerk gave me a better rate than I was quoted online and upgraded me to a tower room. The room was large with a nice desk with power outlets for every type of plug. The bathroom had a seperate shower and LARGE tub.In keeping with the hotel rates, the restaurants were way overpriced. I wound up finding a couple of decent little restaurants in the airport for about half the price of those in the hotel.You can find anything you may need in the Airport, including a grocery store.The room was quiet, the bed was comfortable, and the bathtub was great for a nice long hot bath. The only complaint I really had is that the air conditioner never seemed to get the room down to where I wanted it, but it wasn't totally uncomfortable.I'll probably stay there again on my way home in November just for the convenience.The service in this place was exquisite. The bellhop even carried my luggage to the airline checkout and managed to get me to the head of the line.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JetJock_YHZ
<Content>Nice hotel - weird TV in Lounge This was a nice, clean, convenient airport hotel, for 1 night on our way back to Canada from Hungary. It is very convenient from the train station, and the staff were all very nice.Check-in for Platinum Members is in the Lounge on the 9th floor. Unfortunately, you need to get a Bellman to take you up there, as you need a card-key to get in.The room was dated, and the bed was not too comfortable, compared to the standard SPG bed in the North American market.The Lounge was nice, but the only thing on TV was a DVD recording of waterfalls, fish, fireworks, etc... looked like a screen-saver. The food was nice and the staff were generally friendly. We could not get an upgrade to the Towers, as It was full.. I find this is standard at SPG hotels. I have not been upgraded too often, despite my Platinum Status with SPG.Hilton is better for upgrades.The Lounge attendants were not too attentive, and we ran out of ice a few times.The shower had good high-pressure and the amenities were not too bad on the Club floor (if you like lemon-scent).I would stay there again, for 1 night, but would not like to spend too much time there. The hotel was so quiet that I didn't think it was actually at an airport. Kudos to the architect.It is a nice place... 6/10 from me.Carl  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Opebble
<Content>Great convenient airport hotel Stayed at the Airport Sheraton on night 7th October. Extremely friendly checkin staff; great spotlessly clean room and bathroom.All rooms have been refurbished in the last couple of years and are very large.Hotel had a large conference going on, so place was humming but nonetheless staff didn't make you feel that they were over busy and definitely had time for you.Very good value compared to other airport hotels that require a wait for a shuttle and a ride and are often miles from the airport.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SixtyDays
<Content>Convenient for airport, but overpriced Stayed here on business for one-night. Convenient location to Terminal 1 of the airport and the train station. This is a very large hotel, though does not live up to its 5-star billing. For the rate of EUR270, it did not offer great value, with a fading carpet, average room decor and disappointing, functional bathroom.For half the price this is a very decent option for the airport, but given its convenience the prices charged are not reflected in the quality. I would definitely recommend it, if you do need to stay at Frankfurt airport, but would not stay here if other options are available.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Mindwanderer
<Content>Just like living at the airport! This hotel is a very convenient option at the Frankfurt airport - but you do pay for that convenience. The rooms are clean and highly functional with excellent soundproofing, drapes that block the light, a simple and clean bathroom with tub/shower combo, mini-bar (expensive) and cable/satellite television. It is a short ramp from the check in hall of the airport and thus super-accessible for travellers. I stayed one night before an early morning trip - and was able to find some lovely trails in the woods north of the airport. In addition, you can very easily hop on the S-Bahn in the airport rail station (5 mins indoor walk from the hotel) to zip into downtown Frankfurt for dinner, shopping and entertainment. The best thing of all was waking up, getting ready, and rolling right out of the hotel to my check in. NOTE: I found out the hotel offers day rooms at a discounted rated (check out by 6 PM). This is a great option if you need a place to crash during a long layover at the airport, especially after an overnight flight.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Simmrouter
<Content>Great Location! My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Frankfurt Hotel  Towers at the Rhein Main Airport for one (1) night prior to our flight back to the USA.The hotel is located adjacent to the airport, although it is somewhat confusing on how to get to the hotel lobby. The guest rooms are adequate, and the fitness facility was excellent. There are several restaurants in the hotel, but we stayed on the Club Floor so there was enough food available to eat for dinner. The breakfast on the Club Floor was amazing with a bountiful buffet and cooked to order omelettes. I would recommend this hotel to business and leisure travelers who need to stay at or near the Frankfurt Airport.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Perfect for Airport I have stayed here on a number of occasions for business - probably 4 times at this stage. It really is perfect for the airport as it is acutally in the airport and no shuttle bus is required. The train station is also in the airport so it is very easy to get into the centre of Frankfurt. I have some affection for it therefore as it does make things so much easier and if you are looking for an airport hotel in Frankfurt, look no further. As I suspect 95% of people staying here are staying one night, I think it is an excellent choice to be close to the airport. The room is comfortable and good to work in (good work desk). The corridors need a bit of a renovation but I have always found the room/facilities functional - gym and two restuarants.I have two complaints. The first one is that I wish the Frankfurt Sheraton would turn off the airconditioning in empty rooms. When you arrive, the airconditioning is on. While this may be a big plus for many US guests, I really wish the Sheraton would think of the environment and the other guests it really offends. If I want A/C I can put it on myself, thank you. End of rant!The other complaint is that there are some real problems with housekeeping. General sloppiness. A colleague of mine flew in from the US, checked into her room and was disturbed an hour later by housekeeping telling her she should have checked out by now - not realising that she was a new guest that had just checked in. I was disturbed at 8am (!) by housekeeping wanting to clean my room. If am leaving the room by 9am, I do not bother to put a do-not-disturb sign out. I was up as I was working but if I had been woken up I would have had a few words to say. Additionally, housekeeping cleaned my room and left two empty bottles from the minibar ourside in the hall. They were still there the following day when I was checking out.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Naniwa
<Content>Comfortable and convenient for the airport This is a good airport hotel. But make no mistake - if it's Frankfurt the city you want, you should stay elsewhere. After all, visitors to London or Paris wouldn't stay at Heathrow or CDG.That aside, the rooms were well appointed and the food was very good. Staff were extremely friendly and courteous and ready to help out where necessary. Checking in and out was efficient (always a plus), and with it being linked by a covered walkway to the airport, it is convenient for flights.One major plus is that it was quiet. It's easy to forget that it's an airport hotel. They have very good glazing, and although my room overlooked the highspeed train station and motorway, I couldn't hear any noise. I cannot recall hearing any aeroplanes taking off, either.The negative points would be the size - so big there can be a lot of walking, and it is easy to get lost. Also, the signposting from the airport is pretty poor. Not at all easy to find when you first get there.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mehdi_Meghdadi
<Content>Definitely not 5 Stars - Great convenience when you fly of course See it as an airport hotel in which you have to pay 70% premium for the location.It is indeed over-rated as 5 Stars. They have the minimum amenities in the room, just so that you can survive the overnight stay.There were 2 small towels in the bathroom and 2 hand towels and that's it.As I am writing this in my room they're sending the extra towels!It's great convenience of course if you want to pay an extra price for it.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koipond4026
<Content>it's ALL about the convenience We booked a one night stay at the Sheraton Frankfurt airport as we were working our way home to Toronto Canada from Venice Italy via Frankfurt and needed an overnight stop between flights.VIsibility and Signage for the hotel inside the airport is non-existent (at least, we didn't see any). An airport employee gave us directions or I'm not sure how we would have found the hotel. Figuring out how to access the hotel from the main terminal wasn't so simple either. There are two bridges but we required an escalator to get from the baggage claim level of the terminal to the check-in level of the hotel. For 3 people with 7 suitcases, this was not so simple! There is a lift accessible inside the terminal for one of the 2 bridges but we didn't see this (or know of it) on our arrival and on check-out the following morning, the lift was out of order.We had booked a superior family room which was very large and had a king and 2 twin beds. Mattresses and pillows were very comfortable. An extra blanket would have been appreciated by my teenage daughter but was nowhere to be found and it was late at night so we didn't bother trying to call for one. Bathroom was equally large with separate tub and enclosed shower, lots of little bottles of shampoos, etc., and an adequate supply of good quality towels. The coffee maker was well stocked with coffee, tea, cappucino, and hot chocolate supplies.We had dinner in the main restaurant as it was late and we were tired and disinterested in making our way back inside the terminal. The meal was good but very costly at 150 euro for 3 people (only one of whom had wine with the meal). We had starters and entrees, no dessert and no coffee. Definitely a high price for the convenience factor and few willing to pay it as the restaurant was large, silent, and all but empty.The hotel itself is a little strange, lots of large open industrial areas, no warmth whatsoever to the interior of the building. Front desk staff were polite and efficient. Internet access is priced at an extortionate rate so we didn't use it. Many hotels offer free or inexpensive internet access to clients; this hotel is not one of them. Overall, the Sheraton served its purpose which was to give us convenient access to a good night's sleep between an evening arrival and a morning departure. 500 euro for the room and dinner, not inexpensive by a long shot, but it got the job done.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Sheryll
<Content>A good airport hotel Our travel agent recommended this hotel as we had a one night stopover in Frankfurt flying in from Venice before flying out to New York the next morning. It was not as easy to find as you might think (even though it was across the road) lack of signs made is difficult to find the way across the road (watch out for the escalators where you wheel your luggage trolleys down and up them - very scary the first time you do it).We finally found the hotel and had a quick and painless check in, we were shown to our rooms in the Tower Suites. Arriving at our door there was a wine bottle and dirty glass outside the door, when asked if this could be removed the porter, said Room service would do it. Two hours later it was still sitting there, so I personally removed it myself (one of my pet hates in hotels is food and dirty dishes sitting in hallways). The room was a good side and the bed comfortable, the bathroom was a good size with complimentary robe and slippers (one set). The shower head was wonderful and the water pressure very good.Overall a good airport hotel,. The Concergie was very helpful in giving us instructions on how to get the train into Frankfurt (straight under the hotel). Only down size was that there more casual restaurant was closed and we did not want to sit in the more formal restaurant so we chose to stay in Frankfurt and have an early dinner. Verdict: Would stay there again if flying out overnight,but to far out if you wanted to spend more time in Frankfurt. I think it was approx 45-50 minutes on train into Frankfurt, on the way back much quicker as we were able to get the fast train.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosieandjan
<Content>Overrated and overpriced The Frankfurt Sheraton is so close to the terminal, a few yards along a walkway and down an escalator. and you are there, for this alone I am awarding the hotel a 3 stars, it was great for us as we were travelling with a lot of luggage and it avoided all the hassle of shuttle buses etc, but that is much the only positive thing to say about the hotel.For a standard price of 鈧?75 we got no breakfast and everything else was very expensive.Spotting the way in to the hotel in a car is nigh on impossible as the signage is non existent. We went round the ring road twice and then still missed the entrance to the hotel. Reception is very hard to spot, luckily a guy is on hand to help out. The barrier on the car park only lifts if the car is on one particular spot, minor inconveniences but can be irritating for tired travellers. The worlds friendliest bell boy carried our luggage up to our room and there and then arranged for his friend (another bell boy) to pick up our luggage the following day and help us into the terminal with it.I was reluctant to pay the 鈧? an hour internet charges as we had just been in a different hotel for a week with no charges, we are now in another hotel for a week with also no charges.Tired and hungry with no lunch we headed for the only restaurant serving at 5.30, and paid 鈧?20 for a dinner with no starters, no desserts, no coffee and no wine can you believe it!We had 2 steaks and a salad between us, a bottle of water and 2 gin and tonics, I am absolutely disgusted at the prices these hotels charge, you might say well you saw the prices, but actually we didn鈥檛, the head waiter prior to giving us our menus said can I offer you a glass of wine or a gin and tonic. Little did we realise they were 鈧?5 each!!!! You can buy a bottle of gin for that. The food was generally OK but the staff took to using a small mechanical carpet sweeper every 2 minutes around our table as the restaurant was quiet. This was very irritating and spoilt a nice relaxing hour. This hotel is well geared up for expense accounts for the business traveller but for the holiday maker this hotel is much too expensive for what you get, all together it took over 鈧?00 out of our holiday allowance for one meal and a bed for the night鈥?what a total rip off.Save your money and make a pack up and eat it in your room if you decide to stay here for the convenience, or go into the airport 2 minutes away and don鈥檛 get robbed.To add insult to injury the next day the bell boy turned up, picked up our luggage on the trolley walked with my husband the 200/300 yards to the check in desk, unloaded it all and when given 鈧?0 by my husband rolled his eyes back in his head as if to say is that all and sulked off. My husband was furious.Not a hugely pleasant experience for our 鈧?00 but nevertheless we needed it for convenience and probably for that reason alone would use it again as Im sure 95% of its clientele do, its not somewhere I would choose to stay and having lived in Germany for the last 2 years not typical of the value for money living we have come to enjoy.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	5	3	4	1	1	

<Author>chilternwelshman
<Content>Bland but adequate This is a huge, soulless airport hotel. Unless you have reason to be staying at the airport - for travel reasons or, like me, for a conference, you wouldn't use it and would choose a nicer alternative in town. However, if you do have to be there, it's not at all bad of its kind but don't expect the same standard as, say, the Sheraton at Schipol or the Hilton at CdG, to name but two.Rooms are spacious, with reasonable facilities, though internet usage charges are an irritant. As far as room quality is concerned, I suspect (having read others' reviews) that it is patchy. You can strike it lucky and get a recently redecorated room or you can hit one that is tired and faded, as I did. Noise insulation really is excellent, by the way.Front desk staff were excellent; cleaning, on the other hand was below par - at least in my room. Food is of an adequate standard, but no more than that - but there are plenty of places to eat in the terminal, the short walk being the main (if not the only) attraction of this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>dottie dog
<Content>easy location, nice rooms, not perfect for cleanliness This is a very convenient hotel, it is attached to the airport by a walking bridge. Rooms are nice, updated and modern. there are electrical outlets for US, UK and Europe connections all on the same wall, so it's very easy and business friendly.Like so many hotels, maid service is the issue. In our one night stay we noticed that the coffee and coffee grounds were left from prior guest and looked pretty ugly (perhaps been there more than a day). The cost is reflective of the convenience - about 250E for a night. Food in restaurant was pretty good, but only one selection on weekends (the second restaurant is only open monday - friday). I'd stay there again if I had an early connection, but I would not select it if my goal was sightseeing, etc.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>poidog7
<Content>expensive, but good       standard bathroom  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>poppynz
<Content>so convenient expensive - but so hassle free. Walked off the plane after 18 hours travelling, along the corridor to the hotel. Didn't even have to go outside. Checked in and sank into our beds. No hassles getting to the airport in the morning - just along the corridor.Highly recommended for convenience.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>MovinOnAlong
<Content>Sheraton Airport - Absolutely Perfect Stayed at the hotel one night upon arrival and one night a week later upon departure. Both stays were excellent. Only a short one minute walk from the Lufthansa terminal, check in and out was a breeze with a friendly english speaking staff. I stayed in both the old and new sections and in each case the beds were wonderful and the rooms quiet - perfect for jet lag recovery. As near as I could tell the only difference between the new, more expensive room, and older room was a more attractive bath in the newer room. Both had the same spacious working desks with internet access and similar room furnishings. I had dinner at the hotel restaraunt which had international fare and was reasonably priced (for the airport) with very good food and service. One great thing about staying at the airport the night before departure is the ability to check in the evening before and get your boarding pass if you are flying Lufthansa; luggage can then be quickly checked in the day of departure at special luggage only with boarding pass areas. Four minute walk to trains and 5 minute walk to auto rentals. Staying at the Sheraton makes flying in and out of Frankfurt a breeze and well worth the price.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maxheadr00m
<Content>Very nice I was with a co-worker on our way from India to Brasil. We arrived in Frankfurt at 7am and would only have to check-in for our flight at 7pm so we decided to take a walk downtown and use a room at this hotel as our base. Staff was very friendly at check-in, we got a non-smoking room with 2 beds.Room was very nice and clean, bathroom was excellent except the shower water was TOO hot, I tried everything to make it a bit cooler but was unable to. But didn't bother complaining or requesting a different room for such a minor issue.Internet access was 18 Euros for a 24 hour period. It worked well all the time.From the hotel we took a train downtown (a 15 minute trip), where we had a few beers, lunch and then back to the hotel for a bit of sleep before going to the airport. Beds were nice and comfortable.I don't think I need to comment on how conveniently close to the airport the hotel is. Just cross a little bridge and you're there.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>delta1765
<Content>Convenient but horrible beds! The hotel is convenient because it is so close to the airport which makes early morning departures easier. The room however was rundown and didn't look ANYTHING like it did on SPG's website. There were stains on the carpet and the furniture was old looking. The halls of the hotel smelled of smoke very nasty! Plus the air conditioner didn't work all that well but then again i know the air conditioners are different over in Europe. But i would have to say the worst thing of all was the bed! It was NOT your normal typical sweet sleeper bed. It was hard as a rock! No plush top mattress to be found. What they call a pillow or plush top was to us a thin mattress cover. Needless to say we didn't sleep hardly at all and we woke up with neck and back pain. Next time my travels take me to FRA i will not stay at this hotel!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>MisstheDogs
<Content>Decent for an Airport Hotel Unexpectedly had to stay at this hotel when my flight to the US canceled at the last minute.The hotel is directly adjacent to the airport -- it can be a bit confusing to find your way (signs are a bit lacking), but once you know the way, it's easy. The hotel did a nice job checking in an entire flight of disgruntled, tired guests and did it all with a smile. The rooms are standard -- comfortable bed, good-sized modern bathroom, and work space with desk. The decor is light wood and is pleasing. The hotel is very, very large and rooms near the elevator are best. Despite being next to the airport, I heard absolutely no airplane noise. I had a couple of minor problems (TV, etc.) that were addressed very quickly.I ate dinner in the German restaurant in the hotel. The food was acceptable and plentiful but, in all honesty, a bit heavy even for German food. However, the service was friendly and very good. The hotel bar was modern and the service was prompt and friendly as well. Prices for food and drink were a bit high, even without the poor exchange rate. If you need/want to stay at the airport, this hotel is more than acceptable. However, if you can go into town, there are many nice hotels with a bit more atmosphere that are also closer to restaurants and nightlife.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Oyster4
<Content>Convenient I stayed at this property for one night while connecting back to the US. It was nice time saving to stay here and not have to travel to town and back for my flight, not mention the expense involved in cab fares from the airport. The rooms and property is okay, nothing fancy just the basics. They have a couple nice restaurants and nice gym facility. Apparently the A/C is not real popular in Germany bc it took awhile to cool the room down. You can also catch the train into town for dinner / sightseeing right from the airport. If you are looking for a quick and easy place to stay while connecting in Frankfurt I would say this is the best place. If you are spending more time, get a place in town.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>EdinburghEuan
<Content>Perfect for a Stop Over The staff are exceptionally friendly; the rooms are large and clean and the hotel could not be any closer to the airport (you can enter from the terminal).  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>2FlyingYorkies
<Content>Our key didn't work This hotel was convenient for us as we had an early flight out of Frankfurt. The room was fine but a little run down (stains in the carpet, gaps in the ceiling tiles in the bathroom, etc.). The towels in the bathroom were a bit small, but the bathroom itself was large, and the hotel is overpriced for what you get.I normally wouldn't even bother to write a report on a hotel like this, but I had to complain about one thing. We checked in late in the evening, and just wanted to get to bed. Check in went fine, and we found our room ok, after a long hike to the elevators, then a VERY long hike to the room from the elevators. When we got to the room, the one card key that they gave us didn't work. So, my husband had to go all the way back to the desk and get it replaced. When he got there, they announced that it must have been his fault that the card didn't work because he must have put it too close to his cell phone. My husband doesn't even carry a cell phone, but he was too tired to complain. Luckily, the card worked the second time.It's a convenient place to stay if you're stuck at the airport, but otherwise, I'd skip this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Robyn80
<Content>Top notch service I stayed at the Sheraton Frankfurt for business and enjoyed my stay thoroughly. The service, food, rooms, meeting rooms are great! It is conveniently connected to the Frankfurt airport and you can not even hear the planes arriving and departing. The other benefit is that there is access to the train station where you can catch a long or short train in to downtown Frankfurt or anywhere in Germany. From the time I left my room it took me 3 minutes to get to the train station. There is also a separate wing for guests in the preferred group status so sign up prior to arrving and you will have access to newspapers, and up to date magazines at no cost. there is a business center as well that is pretty spacious but does cost money to use the computer. I can not say enough about the service and the food! The food was so good that I wished my flight were delayed to get one more meal there!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Nice but flawed       Kitchen  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	5	2	4	4	

<Author>TCP64079
<Content>Hotel Overpriced, Restaurants WAY Overpriced! I just returned from a weekend at the Frankfurt Airport Sheraton. This was my second stay at the hotel. For one or two nights, the rooms are OK, very convenient to the train station - but way overpriced. In the hotel restaurants, be very aware of the euro/dollar exchange rate. For the breakfast buffet, which is nothing special at all, the price is 32 euros - today, that equals around $48! The lunch buffet is 47 euros - today, that equals around $70! You definitely pay for convenience here. Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>catsabroad
<Content>Fine if you must stay at the airport Reasonable size rooms (decor is a mix of 70's dated and Ikea - strange!), large bathroom with good shower.Very large and busy hotel. Service is perfunctory (although check in is quite slow) and the food is nothing to write home about. But if you need to stay at the airport it is certainly convenient and comfortable, just very overpriced.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>perfect for a flight connection must clarify hotel was free provided by lufthansa so my review has that basehotel was perfectly located just 2 min. walk from airportrooms nice ,clean and absolutly noise isolated perfect bed and room sizecheck in was extra quick i need no service and hotel looks that everyone is waiting for a connection so staff doesnt look very service oriented  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travelafficianado
<Content>Expensive rubbish Very poorly sign posted. Difficult access. Basic facilities with recent refurb but cannot mask old feeling. Taverna restaurant terrible. Air con did not work well in room so a very poor nights sleep. Concierge had no knowledge of Lufthansa First Class Terminal location sending me on a wild goose chase. Very expensive for what's on offer. Would recommend staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Transparente
<Content>Excellent, at any time of the day or night!       鈥淕lass House鈥?lobby area  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>7J1AIL
<Content>Default airport stop Spent one night here courtesy of an airline due to delayed aircraft on an earlier leg. I was not expecting much but no major complaints except for the stained bath towel, which was not replaced despite complaints to housekeeping and front desk. Front desk staff are for the most part friendly and Teutonically efficient. For anyone needing to overnight in Frankfurt to change planes you can't beat the location. The hotel is located IN the airport. There's also a rail station in case transportation into the city is needed. The hotel food is up to par but nothing spectacular. For travelers with U.S. dollars the restaurant and bar prices will be shocking. Save money, take the subway and go into town for better meals and prices.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	4	3	4	

<Author>IestynH
<Content>Business Stay An excellent hotel, spotlessly clean, efficient and comfortable. Breakfasts, business lunch and club sandwich in the bar were first class quality, though the first and last of those charge for big appetites; the sort of place I wish they'd serve a children's portion at half the price. And the price of a half-litre of wheat beer.....it's probably cheaper to pay the 3 Euro train fare into the city....If money's no object or if being (literally) 60 seconds walk to the airport is important to you, look no further. If you're lucky enough to get sent here for work, you'll enjoy your stay. But if you're looking for value in Frankfurt, there'll be better options for sure.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cheersman
<Content>Served its purpose       Bed and desk  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ordflyer
<Content>Convenience is not cheap - Grocery Store A Hidden Gem The Frankfurt Airport Sheraton has never been a cheap hotel and with the U.S. dollar in the dumps, the price/value of this hotel quickly follows. It is the only hotel I know of that you can walk from the gates/terminal. There is no doubt that it is convenient, and if you have an international flight leaving at 8AM or earlier, this hotel does let you sleep a few extra minutes. For those interested in saving a bit of money, there is a fantastic airport grocery store in the basement of Terminal C. The store is called Tegut, and used to be in the basement of Terminal A but just moved from A to C in January 2008. You can find this grocery store by going into Terminal C and going down TWO floors -- one floor below the arrivals floor, and what the signs point to as P for parking. The Grocery Store Tegut is worth the trip if you need food, or staples, or misc items that you may have missed. A compact full service store, it has a full hot deli, cold sandwiches, breads, fruit, salads and drinks...all for a normal cost vs. airport pricing. Buried in the basement of the Frankfurt airport, this hidden gem has saved me a fair bit of money over the years. A bratwurst at 1.90 euros, a 1 liter coke for 0.89 euros and fresh fruit can make a great snack or meal for under 5 euros. Breakfast can be found here as well with yogurt, breads, fruits, muffins, and other items that can save you the cost of a hotel breakfast. If you can't find the store, as any information booth in the Airport and they can direct you.If you are lucky enough to be eligible for the lounge (Platinum Starwood or executive floor room) on the 9th floor, breakfast is well done with lots of selection and eggs cooked to order. Evening fare at the lounge is also excellent, and there is a wide selection of drinks (alcoholic and non alcoholic) that are at no charge. I would never recommend that you buy up to the lounge level for the extra fee that Sheraton wants. It's good, but not worth the extra fee. As a Sheraton, this hotel doesn't leave one impressed but it isn't a dump either. In some respects, it is just blah. Nothing to write home about, and what one might expect from a high volume airport hotel -- an expensive airport hotel. Other than the price, this hotel does the job -- it is relatively clean, the staff does a fair job, and it is what one would normally expect from a Sheraton. For those potentially interested in another option, I used to stay at the Airport Steigenberger hotel. The Steigenberger has the only full sized bus as transport between the airport and the hotel giving you some idea as to the volume of business that it does. About 5 minutes away by airport bus, it is not as convenient, and historically has been (sometimes much) less expensive, although the last time I checked, it was about the same price as the Sheraton. Pricing at the Sheraton doesn't seem to vary much, but it does seem to vary at the Steigenberger so it does pay to check.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>San_Francisco_Native
<Content>Pass if you can Ok, I knew it was going to be expensive. I was thinking it would be ok for one night. I had an early flight and I liked the convenience of the Airport. Unfortunately there are too many other bad things to say about the service, the prices and the value. On the upside, the room and the bath were both very large with nice soaps and body wash, et cetera. There was a great TV and movies in several languages plus internet and of course great airport access. So I was initially pleased with the amenities. Unfortunately, the room had a very bad (stale) smell and the windows would not open. By the way no one else among the staff could smell what I was smelling and they could only offer another room for an even higher price. The concierge was not able to recommend a single cafe or shopping area that would be open on a Sunday afternoon in Frankfurt. The dining room was elegant, but the food was only ok. The salad bar was stale and the service was extremely slow. The staff seemed to be more interested in talking among themselves than serving guests. Overall, the meal was way over priced. So I returned to my smelly room. Room service was ok and my night time snack was good. The walls were so thin I could hear every person that walked near my room. After a bad night's sleep on a king bed, I checked-out and went to the airport where I found over priced food of equal quality for half the cost of the Sheraton. Even if you do have lots of money to throw away and even if it is just for one night, my advice is to take an extra few minutes and find another choice. I think we can expect more from a Sheraton and at these prices I feel certain you will get a lot more elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	3	1	5	

<Author>KevinShea
<Content>Others must be talking about a different (better) hotel!!?? If this is the Sheraton right accross the street from the Frankfurt airport (the only airport hotel I know of), then what are people complimenting this hotel experience for? Almost every positive review seems to be from business travellers which is too bad; I thought this site was for travellers, NOT people travelling on an expense account. Business travellers have very different expectations and, therefor, have very different perceptions.*THIS HOTEL IS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY FOR REAL TRAVELLERS! AND I DO NOT CARE WHEN YOUR FLIGHT COMES IN/LEAVES!!!* The front desk is very hard to get to/find from the street level. Also, most of the front desk staff were occupied helping people with Sheraton cards/ID's, leaving one overworked gentleman helping the rest of us. I finally got checked in after about thirty minutes, for over $400 for the one night (!!!), and it was flush with the service elevator shaft. Because of the noise and several complaints, I finally got my room switched at around 0200 when someone could assist me. The other reviews say the pool was nice. Pool? Not at the Sheraton I stayed at, unless it was being repaired. The restaurants (they have you trapped there) are horrible as far as value for money goes, with meager/average dishes at insane prices (AGAIN I WAS NOT ON AN EXPENSE ACCOUNT!). It is a better idea, if you have to stay there (like if you lost a bet) to eat accross the street at the airport. For over $400 I did not even get breakfast. I put all of these concerns in a note to the manger and never heard back. Real travellers would best be served staying in Mainz (or even Frankfurt, where a nice business class hotel - if that is what you want - will run you less than half of the airport Sheraton) and taking one of the many short, regular trains to the airport. Leave this over-priced monstrosity to the business travellers who have no choice, and I hope these same travellers will stop skewing these reviews with their thoughts. This is an average name-brand airport hotel with delusions of grandeur and prices to match the delusions!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Juneblossom16
<Content>Great Hotel, Breakfast and Location My friends and I stayed at the Sheraton at the Frankfurt Airport and really enjoyed our stay. The location is great for early flights from the airport and for train transporatation into the city or to other cities. We toke a train to Heidleberg for a day trip and found it extremely easy to get around. The staff was very accomodating and the buffet breakfast we definitely worth the money! I'd recommend to others.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>valor155
<Content>Outstanding Hospitality and Location! I stayed at this hotel recently for a business trip and convention for 6 days.It is extremely convenient to just get off your plane, claim your bags, and walk to your hotel. Very desirable for the business traveler.But really what I thought was outstanding about this hotel was the evident and abundant courtesy I was shown. Hotel staff was always friendly, helpful, and cheerful when I spoke with them. I noticed outstanding eye contact and politeness at all times. From check in, to laundry pick up, to asking questions about my stay, to checkout, etc, I received consistently great service. I am floored because not once did an interaction between hotel staff and me feel awkward or rushed. Not once. I think with all the individuals I spoke with, the fact that they all were similarly courteous reflects greatly on the hotel's management.The bed was very, very comfortable and well-appointed. The breakfast was quite simply, the BEST I've ever had at a hotel. A simply amazing selection of food and beverage at breakfast. Absolutely everything and anything a hungry traveller could want is presented for breakfast (and cheerful service). Nice, clean exercise room too to work off that wonderful breakfast.I hate to use a marketing cliche that Starwood is using in their promotions today, but here, you really do feel like You don't just stay, you belong. It is indeed a refreshing feeling to have execution behing the marketing message.If I have to find any flaws, they are very minor with my room and I did not complain to the staff about them: My room was not warm, even when I set the temperature to the maximum. Also, the main vent made a noise from time to time, and I fixed it by knocking on the fixture until the clanging stopped, which seemed to work pretty well.Will I stay here again? If I'm in Frankfurt, absolutely. Count on impeccable courtesy and service, the best breakfast anywhere, and a clean and comfortable room.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Escapefromthedesert
<Content>Great for a stopover We stopped at the hotel on a stopover to Istanbul. It was a day room experience. The lobby was nice and large. The checkin was smooth and the front desk clerk was friendly and professional. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was large. The shower had a nice powerful flow. I did not eat or use the gym at the hotel. I would stay if I had to catch a flight on a long layover or had some other reason to by at the airport.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lilapple
<Content>Convenient for airport but nothing special Stayed here for three nights whilst working at conference at the hotel. It is an enormous hotel, extremely convenient for the airport but far from town. A train from the hotel takes you about 20 minutes into the centre of town where there are restaurants and shops. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. Spa area was clean and modern. Room was large and clean but the bed a bit soft. Was very quiet and good temperature control. Slats in the bathroom ceiling were falling in above the shower and the bathroom would benefit from a refit. Toiletries were terrible: comprised of the same heavily perfumed industrial soap in different colours bottled as shower gel and shampoo. Internet access was expensive but fast. Dinner in the restaurant was also expensive and although presentation was impressive, the food quality was poor (salty, bland and overcooked). The room was paid for by my company but if I had to pay for it myself, I might stay elsewhere as although everything was decent, it wasn't plush and 240 Euros seems rather steep.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>poptop
<Content>Wonderful Airport Hotel, Couldn't be More Convenient Possibly the best airport hotel I've ever stayed at. Ultra quiet! I never heard a sound from anything. The windows are triple insulated (look at them when you're there, its impressive). The room and bed were excellent!One negative is the minibar. We like to bring our own stuff and use the refridgerator, however they have automatic billing when an item is even lifted. However it wasn't a problem and it was quickly resolved at the front desk.I paid $226 which is high, but we couldn't have had a better experience.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rjmacf
<Content>Best Airport hotel in bad circumstances Reason for Stay: As ever most visitors stay here because they are defaulting from flying out of Frankfurt. This should not be the case as it is in fact a very nice hotel and therefopre unlike 99% of all other airport hotels in the UK, Europe or US.Rooms: These are very modern and Germanically clean. The attention to design detail is pleasing. The staff are very welcoming and particularly as must get a lot of very tired and irritable customers. I think they should be congratulated. Cable TV is very wide and a good range of sports and news is standard I guess with all Sheraton.I found it expensive at 360 Euro for bed and breakfast and one in roommeal but then again in this circumstance it was an oasis in an otherwise tedious trip.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>t6298df
<Content>Relaxing way to start or end a trip at Frankfurt Airport We've stayed at the Frankfurt Airport Sheraton 4 times. Each time it has been literally an oasis that made our trips more enjoyable. It can be expensive, but we feel the time and aggravation saved during our short 1 week trips is worth it. The NWA flight from Detroit arrives about 7AM. We book a day room that is good until 6PM for 145 Euros. We catch up on our sleep and get cleaned up. Then we walk down in the afternoon and pick up our rental car refreshed and ready for fast German roads. Overnight stays before early flights work out well. We can drop off our rental car and stow our bags. During 2005 Christmas market time we took the subway into town and enjoyed the Frankfurt market more than several big name Christmas market towns. The concierge gave us a map of the market and directions on how to use the subway.There are several restaurants in the airport subway area that are much more reasonably priced than hotel and airport restaurants. Follow the signs for subway and you will notice signs that say 24 hour restaurants. The German tavern has good food and reasonably priced beer. There is also an Irish pub and Asian sushi place. If the price were lower, this would be a slam-dunk. For overnight stays, you need to find a special or have good corporate rates.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>WDWDolphinFan
<Content>Nice Hotel, but Problems for Late Arrivals We had an overnight stay here in late September. The hotel itself was nice, and felt up-to-date and and modern. We had a non-smoking room. The room was light and reasonably spacious, with a large bathroom and a comfortable bed. The bath had a clear glass partial covering, which I liked much better than a shower curtain. The breakfast buffet was very good with many, many choices. (The big breakfast was great for a 12:30 flight, when you won't be fed until after 2:00!) Check-in and check-out was both prompt and friendly. Getting from the hotel to the airport was extremely fast and convenient in the morning.  However, getting to the hotel from the airport when we arrived fairly late at night was awful. It's not the hotel's fault, but it was still quite a problem. Our plane arrived about 9:30 at night. Access to the hotel is from one spot in the airport - however, by the time we got our luggage and were heading to the hotel, the airport security people had shut down the access to that spot from two of the three terminal areas - apparently since there were few check-ins occuring at that time of night. We stopped at the information booth to ask directions, and were sent in one direction, only to find it closed off by security - a process that was repeated several times in various directions. We finally had to walk outside the airport, in the rain, to get to the portion of the terminal connected to the hotel. The hotel says this occurs frequently, they complain to the airport people, but it keeps happening.  I would definitely stay here again if my flight was arriving earlier in the evening (or if I was only flying out, not in), but would have to think about it more if I had another late flight in.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newyorkanya
<Content>Just What You Want in an Airport Hotel I agree the signposting could be better but basically the Sheraton had everything I want in an airport hotel: it was close, the rooms were clean and quiet and had bedside lamps, the internet worked, the check in was fast and so was the checkout, the bell boy was actually friendly. We had room service breakfast so we could work in our room and it was delicious. We ordered one Continental and it was big enough for two. Best of all, when we left they loaded our bags on to an airport trolley so we didn't have to shlep. My only warning is the security people at the airport can be ferocious and don't wear name badges so you can't hold them accountable when they behave badly.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Maxing-n-Relaxing
<Content>Overpriced and average but convenient I have stayed several times at the Sheraton at Frankfurt Airport. I haven't seen any benefit from being a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest programme (including not being on an SPG floor).The rooms are OK - the furnishings aren't bad but you might expect something better from a 4* at this price. Rooms I've stayed in had a regular TV, a cordless phone and desk area, but no minibar. The bed is comfortable but I don't like the way the duvet consists of two separate single duvets laid onto a double bed (so you have to overlap them). Room service after 11:15pm has very sparse options (basically a selection of ghoulash, a few pizzas or sandwiches), which considering this is an international airport hotel where people are coming and going at all hours is not convenient. The breakfast buffet in the Flavors restaurant has a good selection. The Lemons and Limes bars look stylish, but are typical airport bars 鈥?given the transient nature of the hotel it's probably hard to create too much atmosphere.The front desk staff are generally quite slow, but most of all pretty lacking in smiles, politeness or service - it's just average. I find the hotel somewhat soulless, even more so than some other airport hotels. Perhaps this rubs off on the staff, who see faces come and go on short term stays and seem pretty unenthused about anything other than giving average service.Overall I don't think the hotel is very good value (given the quite high prices), but what you're paying for is the (considerable) convenience of it being adjoined via skywalk to Terminal 1. It's not a terrible hotel, but it's not great.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>N6JM
<Content>Grossly Overprice The only thing good about this one is the location in respect to the airport. It could not be better. But that is about all. The hotel is grossly overpriced; we paid Euro 266 and this is not in my league. There was nothing special about the room. But to be fair the service is excellent. No breakfast is provided and apparently they wanted Euro 29 each for a continental breakfast. We picked up a danish and a sandwich at the airport and ate it in our room along with coffee that they did provide. We were in Room 5023 on the 5th floor. We had dinner at the restaurant and the food was mediocar. I should mention that Deutsche Bahn has a bahnhof at the airport. Stay somewhere else and take the train in. The Germans have some of the best train service in the world and very dependable. The only reason we stayed out here is we did not want to get stressed out the day we were to fly home.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gascony
<Content>the worst - a complete dive I stayed here on a friday night as i had a connection early saturday morning. first of all, there are virtually no signs at all in the airport to show you how to get to the hotel (there is a lot of construction at the airport at the moment so the combination means a lot of wasted time actually trying to get to the hotel). when i finally arrived at the front desk, about 11pm, there were 3 staff all free. i went to a chap and said i'd like to check in - response oh, i am in the middle of doing something. he continued shuffling papers for another couple of minutes and then checked me in. sent me off to my room after a painfully long check in. walked into the room and the bathroom was disgusting (room 1509) --- mould around the bath, panel falling away from under the sink, toilet not clean. it was so late, i just wanted a drink , a snack and bed. went to the mini bar to find it completely empty - not even water (this is a 4 start hotel apparently!). called up to be told not all our rooms have filled minibars, you should have asked when you checked in!! called room service to see if i could get a sandwich --- only had pizza and salad as i'd missed the cut-off for the full menu by 10mins......you can go downstairs and order a cheeseburger if you want was the helpful response. ordered some mineral water we'll try to deliver within 30mins. bed had one broken leg so was lopsided. room cost euro240 for the night. have stayed in many airport hotels but never experienced anything as foul as this place. take the 10min drive into the city and stay in one of the main hotels there if you need to stay in frankfurt overnight  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>autobiztravel
<Content>Ah, so-so This Sheraton is pretty average overall. LOTS of rules about EVERYTHING, a pool, sauna area that closes at 10PM when this is an Airport hotel and such relaxing services would be so nice just arriving from a long flight after 10PM.The rooms and amenities are average, and perhaps a little below average for the price this hotel commands. The bars downstairs looked like the place to be, and if you have time to kill before a flight, this would be a very good hang out. Don't expect anything extra at this hotel, you'll get exactly what you reserve regardless of any Starwood status you might have.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Nicomedian
<Content>Very good airport hotel My first stay at this hotel and loved it! Very quite hotel. I checked in at around 20:00 and there were no queues at the reception. Done in 1 minute.I had booked ajunior suite - separate bedroom and living room. One full bathroom and one additional toilet in the living room. I received complimantery supper and champagne as a part of the deal and it was great.As other reviewers said, the Airport is huge and can easily be a nightmare. The Hotel is connectecd to Terminal 1 and the shortest way from Arrivals to the Hotel is to take the escalator in the Arrivals C area (only C area escalator has the sign saying Hotel - Sheraton. Therefore, if you and up in areas A or B, simply walk through the blocks to reach Area C.Buffet breakfats at the Lounge was also good.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>DontshootGMan
<Content>Stylish quiet convenient Stayed one night only on lay-over from long haul flight.I agree wholeheartedly the place is not well signposted from within the airport but I suspect that may be due to the airport operator.Check-in queues were long but staff friendly and efficient when you get there. Treated myself to a club level room which was simply gorgeous - pity I wasted it by collapsing into a deep sleep. That in itself is remarkable and a testament to how quiet and comfortable the place is.Good choice of restaurants with further good choice of drinks/beverages at (I thought) quite reasonable prices.I would recommend it without fail to anyone in need of a very comfortable hotel with airport convenience  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>quiet and peaceful This was so quiet and peaceful, I forgot I was at the airport. Very convenient if you have a late-night arrival or an early-morning departure; it's on the airport premises. Very clean. Skip the expensive hotel breakfast and grab something at the airport.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>malcovemagnesia
<Content>so convenient, but so expensive!       Don't splash too much water  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Faience44
<Content>Convenient, but grossly overpriced The other reviews say it perfectly. This is a convenient and grossly overpriced hotel for those who need to spend time at the airport but don't want to leave the terminal area. And that's about it.There is no signposting at all and the check-in procedure was interminable, even at 10:15 p.m. We paid $440 for a king size room with a small rollaway bed added for our young daughter. When I booked I'd been told we'd have to settle for a smoking room because nothing else was available but we when arrived they'd put us in a non-smkong room.The hotel offers little. The hair dryer did not work. There was no iron or ironing board. The sheets were very scratchy. The hotel has no express check out system because we need to see your credit card again. What?! How long would it take to check out at just gone 5 a.m.?, I asked. Not long, was the answer. Nonsense. When I got downstairs at 5:10 a.m. there was no one at reception so I had to resort to hollering Hallo. They do provide a buffet breakfast starting at 3:15 a.m., which was something at least.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>BornTooLoose
<Content>Extremely convenient The Frankfurt airport can be nightmarish, but this hotel is usually a great relief. We have a Starwood Preferred Guest membership and get slightly better treatment--but anybody can qualify for that. It's worth it.With a night in the hotel, you can relax and regroup, and you could also tour the airport to find your gates, counters, self-service areas, etc. It's much easier to do at night when there aren't so many people around.We stay here fairly often when traveling in Europe so that we can avoid too much travel with too many connections. The breakfast is pretty special, and the cocktail lounge is so nice that it's almost worth the price you have to pay ($20 cocktails!). The dinner is not as good as it used to be, but it's still fun and comfortable.Get a SPG card and treat yourself--we usually like Sheraton and other Starwood hotels, although you won't feel that you've paid too little.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flyer101
<Content>Fair Choice at Frankfurt Airport I stayed at the Sheraton Frankfurt due to it's great location right next to terminal 1 at Frankfurt airport. The location actually is the best thing about the hotel.The room was quite average, though clean with comfortable bedding. The walk from the reception is quite long and lines for check-in as well as check-out were fairly long. You really need to bear this in mind in order to allow to little time when going to the airport for a flight.Most disappointing however was that at 1am when we returned from a function to the hotel there was not one single FB outlet still open at the hotel. From a premium class hotel next to an airport that is is open 24/7 I would expect differently. We then went over to the terminal were a few places are actually open 24/7.Never-the-less I would stay here again for the location only if I have another early morning flight.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>dainabrisbane
<Content>Not up to Sheraton standard We stayed in this hotel for two nights in July 2007 and were very disappointed with the lack of professionalism of the staff, both at checkin and the restaurant/b'fast area. B'fast buffet was okay but dirty dishes were left on the table for unacceptable amount of time as staff wandered past and kept going without picking anything up. The room was okay, bed comfortable. Bathroom was clean. The lounge bar was very expensive. We did not think the hotel was up to Sheraton standards and found it very overpriced for what we got. Very hard to find at the airport terminal with virtually no signage to point the way. We would think twice before booking in there again. Airport is easy access via train from the city and would probably look there first for better value.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>O_Viajante
<Content>Delighted This is the most wonderful place in Frankfurt for people who have a flight from/to Frankfurt Airport hub. After an 11-hour flight, I took only ten minutes to get there by walk. Big breakfast, spacious room, sweet sleeper bed, coffee maker and decent toiletries are among the pluses. Notice that a day stay costs only 147 euros (significantly less than an overnight stay) and SPG Gold members are upgraded to a Towers room.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LeavingOrangeCounty
<Content>Im a fan of this hotel Please note my opinions are influenced by two things: I am a Platinum member of the Starwood program and my company has negotiated special rates with this hotelI am nuts about this hotel. The room size is decent by european standards. The location is fabulous when you've arrived in from a long night flight from the US and just need to drop and even better when you have an early morning return flight. The club level lounge is second to none (especially important when your currency doesnt go far in Germany anymore). Staff are efficient and polite. The gym and sauna are fabulous.I have certainly seen long lines at checkin (fortunately I get to check in on the club level). The hotel is also kind of sprawling and can seem a little sad/sterile if there are not many people around in the bar or lobby.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>YAZ10
<Content>This hotel is going downhill I've stayed at this hotel many times and this first time was really outstanding, and the last two times the service and quality have gotten worse. One of the real catastrophes was that we had an early flight and they forgot our wake up call. Luckily we had a backup plan (family member called us). There were dirty bottles in front of our room from check in to check out. We are waiting to see if they will be put on OUR bill. The room was a pittance of what our room from our first stay looked like. Cracked tub and sink. They used to always say that their pool was being repaired, but 5 years later they have finally taken it off their list of ammenities. Tihs is a very convenient location for a flight, but don't rely on their wake-up call.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	1	4	3	5	

<Author>EurotravelerTO
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed for one night prior to flying back in June. The room was small, clean, with a great bed. The food in the restaurant for Dinner and Breakfast was very good especially for an airport hotel. It is fairly expensive, but a good place to use 10,000 Starwood points. It is a ten minute indoor walk from your room to the check-in line - unbeatable.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JNSW
<Content>Thought it was a practical joke. We stayed at the Sheraton overnight before our return flight the next morning to the U.S. The checkin line was ridiculously long. I'm unsure why the process took so long, my husband indicated that it was due to the checkin person not being terribly bright. Additionally, it was very hot in the lobby, we were sweating due to lack of air conditioning.On our way to our room (which took quite some time to find, as the lobby is large and no one provided directions), we began laughing at the indicators of this hotel's service level. Empty bottles set on the floor in the hallway outside guest rooms (they were there for hours), shabby green carpet throughout the hallways, and our room was hilarious! It had these huge red plastic panels on the walls. The ceiling was low and was cheap metal inserts. We lifted it up to see what was under there, and could reach without a ladder. One of the closets was unfinished - as in it has unfinished lumber on the walls and exposed wiring. We visited the Club level, as our club room permitted access. It had free food and drinks available there. However, there was no one cleaning up after tables as guests left, and the result was a room littered with everyone's half-eaten pastries and empty beer bottles. We really did think it was a joke, and wanted to ask the receptionist if they were serious. But... the line was too long. The fact that this hotel rates relatively high on Trip Advisor is a mystery. (However, convenience to the airport is a big plus.)  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>jal52
<Content>Only if you have early flight We had a 7 am flight to the U.S. so chose to stay at the Sheraton airport. A huge amount of money for a very average room, really old (yellowed, stained sink and tub) bathroom which was not too clean, either. Not up to the usual Sheraton standard.However, I have to say it was convenient! Ate a pretty good, but alsooutrageously expensive, dinner in the main dining room. They offer a continental breakfast in the lobby starting at 3 a.m.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	-1	5	

<Author>dlist25
<Content>clean and convenient We were very happy to stay at the Sheraton since our Condor flight was delayed 8 hours. The hotel was clean and comfortable and the food was good.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>z00m
<Content>Conveinence in Frankfurt The Sheraton is easy to spot from the skytrain but hard to find by walking through the terminals. The shuttle bus from terminal 2 stops at the lower entrance to the hotel. Excellent for a one night/day layover in Frankfurt. Especially, just coming off a long flight. Only short coming is the price. This is due to the poor exchange rate with the dollar.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ruskieray
<Content>Efficent  Not at all that well sign posted from the airport even though it is connected by two walkways from Terminal 1. I flew into Terminal 2 which involved taking a train between terminals. Frankfurt is a big sprawling airport so it is easy to get confused. Rooms are fine, adequate including a coffee maker. I had a club room with club lounge access which was comfortable and well stocked.I stayed here for three nights as I was attending a conference, which is no doubt longer than the average guest stay. However the rooms lacked for nothing. I ate every day in the hotel and found the food to be very good and varied. I also found the staff I met plentiful, courteous and efficient. Bar staff proffessional and even when they were very busy I never waited long to be served a drink. Conference facilities were good and kept away from the main hotel traffic.Views from every window seem to be of an airport, a busy motorway or a train station which act as reminders for exactly where you are located, no romantic beaches or endless savanah here! But for an airport hotel where priorities differ from other hotels, it certainly meets most requirements. Good location for a global conference too as Frankfurt airport is more-or-less accessable world wide.Now I know the route from the airport to the Sheraton I won't forget it and I the hotel certainly left a positive impression..  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Pacwell
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the Sheraton for 3 days and had a great experience.The room was very clean and the staff was extremely friendly. The concierge service was excellent. At one point I ran out of business cards and needed extra ones for the next day. I notified the concierge service and they came to my rescue and solve my problem by the next morning. Although it is somewhat more expensive than the rest, it is well worht it. The breakfast buffet alone is worth the price. There are very few buffets that can be compared to the one offered by the Sheraton. In all, I was very impressed with the hotel and its staff and I would definitely return there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rach727
<Content>Hotel and staff were a huge help When we missed our connecting flight in Frankfurt by five minutes, we were forced to spend 12 hours in Frankfurt. At this point we had been up since 3am London time and were just desperate for somewhere to shower and sleep. We found the Sheraton easy to find as it is connected to the airport, and staff quickly checked us in at a day rate and upgraded our room because of my starwood preferred guest card. Additionally, the check out time was extended an hour later free of charge. We found our room to be clean and very comfortable, and enjoyed the two on site restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JourneyWife
<Content>Perfect Pit Stop to anywhere       View from the room  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tyma
<Content>Like sleeping in an ashtray I arrived in Frankfurt airport late in the evening. Even though the hotel is in the airport it was hard to find and I had to ask three times. It is in Terminal 1, near Section B. Despite the lateness there was a long queue for reception although the receptionist was very pleasant when I got to the front. She gave me the ( I thought ) good news that I had been upgraded; she did not tell me what was obvious when I got to the door of the room - it was a smoking room despite my confirmed non smoking reservation.It stank. In fact the room was on a no smoking floor but the ashtray and hotel matches showed that this was meant to be no smoking.I rang reception who said that they were very full but that they would look into it and call back right away. They didn't. To cut a long story short, by midnight it was obvious I had the choice of sleeping in the room or in the airport. I made the wrong decision and slept in the room. The next morning I felt like I had been sleeping in an ashtray and my clothes hanging in the closet smeltThe next morning there was an even longer queue to check out. Noone asked whether I had enjoyed my stay. They would not have received a very cordial answer.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>maltesetraveller
<Content>good choice Good all round hotel. We walked in on the off chance of a room (had a bad experience at a hotel we had booked and decided to try Sheraton instead) The room we were given was large and clean plenty of room for 2 adults and 2 children. The staff had fantastic customer care skills. We would stay here again without a doubt.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pgould66
<Content>A wise choice We ( older couple) decided to stay here and opted for the club room, which were both good decisions. The room was nice, clean, and quiet. We had asked for a quenn or king-sized and got 2 smaller beds, but that was the only problem. The business lounge, which is included with the club rooms, on the 9th floor was very nice and we spent the evening just relaxing, snacking, and talking about our vacation. Only inconvenience was there was an event going on, so there was no parking, which meant we had to umload at the lower level and carry our bags up the flight of stairs to reception - not a good first impression. The next morning, we walked right into the terminal and we again agreed this was the right choice for a hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>moodyblue
<Content>Pretty Good I spent about 16 hours at the Frankfurt Airport Sheraton. All in all it's a solid hotel. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's not easy to locate. However, one needs to go to Terminal 1 and then look for stairs/escalators leading up inbetween the B and C areas in Terminal 1. A bridge leads one from the terminal into the hotel. Very comfortable and stylish room and bathroom. As expected, the restaurants and room service aren't particularly cheap, as the hotel knows it has a rather captive audience. However, most people stay here simply to be close to the airport for an early morning flight out, and for that reason, the Sheraton is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>annievee
<Content>Convenient, Staff Superb The staff at this hotel are great and go above and beyond the call of duty. I had a terrible case of strepped throat and without delay upon check in and without asking, hot tea, lemon, and biscuits were delivered to my room to help my voice. Stayed in the Tower and while the room wasn't particularly over the top is was clean, spacious and you didn't hear a sound from the busy airport!!! Amazingly convenient to and from trans Atlantic flights.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>JonnyHei
<Content>On-site at FRA but feels like a million miles away Super convenient access from the terminals makes this a #1 choice in my book. After picking up your baggage, you can literally walk up/down/left/right, depending on your origination point and within 5 minutes you're at check-in. Signage is at a minimum, look outside for the big Sheraton sign on the left, or head up to Departures area C and you'll see the hotel crosswalk. Service was surprisingly slow. I booked a Club Level room which was spacious and clean, however, I didn't see the snack area other reviewers have mentioned. Room service was efficient and tasty. If you need an iron, you must request one! The gym  spa are new and lightly used... not to mention an awesome way to blow off steam.If you're willing to experiment, try the Oxygen Bar, where they serve pure O2 to refresh weary travelers.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>brunneng
<Content>not perfect but convenient I stayed 2 nights for a conference and flight to US.The location is terrific - 100 m from train stations and terminals, you never leave the airport.Check in was very long (long lines, over 10 min wait) Unusually long walk from check in desk to elevators/roomsRoom, ok furnished and ok sized, a bit faded (especially the bathroom is a tad neglected with drill holes and cracked fake marble, chips etc) but clean. Bed is ok, rooms are quiet. No electric outlets near the bed.Wireless LAN (18EUR/day) was a bit tricky to set up and no technical information was provided, but technician came rather quickly to check what was wrong so that was still ok with me.Room service extremely fast, but brought red wine that was so cold that I wouldn't taste it (and when it was warmer, noticed that it had cork.. too late)Overall ok but unless you really need the short distance to the airport, there are options with shuttle service that offer a better price/service ratio  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>CintiKid
<Content>What an airport hotel should be. very satisfied by 2 stays My wife and I stayed at the Frankfurt Sheraton the day we arrived from USA and on the night before returning to the USA. The somewhat high price was redeemed by the convenience, service, and overall good vibes. Needless to say the room was spacious and clean with extensive bathroom. Breakfast buffet was super outstanding. Once we negotiated the airport/train station to find the hotel, it was superbly located - no need for shuttle bus,etc. Fine lunch and supper as well. And to get into Frankfurt city is just a short walk to the local train station (5 minutes) and the regional express gets us right into the middle of things. Efficient desk, helpful concierges, ... just super  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohBe
<Content>Nice Stay       room #5009  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Niteowl1
<Content>Good Airport Choice We stayed here twice, since we had ovenite layovers in Frankfurt in both directions of our vacation. The hotel is lovely. Excellent staff, modern rooms, great beds, nice chilly air conditioning. We heard absolutely NO airport noise in the rooms, or anywhere else in the hotel for that matter. We didn't stay long enough to use the gym, but we did look at it and it is excellent (and open 24 hours). The breakfast buffet was one of the best we've ever seen. We had it on our first visit, but due to having to check in extra early on our return, didn't have time to eat there on the way home. I was sorely disappointed, since the breakfast was truly excellent. I don't know about anyone else's experience, but we were extremely pleased with the hotel. Yes, the restaurant was expensive, but the food was very good, as was the service, and after 2 flights in one day, it was a great choice for dinner. The bathrooms were fine - not particularly outstanding, and the towels could have been a little larger and thicker, but I had no complaints. I'm rather picky about hotels, and I have nothing bad to say about this one. I guess the only problem is that if you arrive in Terminal 2, it's a pain in the butt to walk through the airport to get to the hotel, which is attached to Terminal 1, but that's the airport's fault. We had a significant amount of luggage (3 people, 3+ week trip) and the bellman helped us all the way into the shuttle bus downstairs by the hotel. Incidentally, on our arrival into Frankfurt, no one in the airport told us there was a shuttle bus to the hotel - they all told us we had to schlep our luggage up and down myriad escalators. It was the hotel staff who led us to the shuttle. For an overnite stay, this hotel was perfect for us.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Philipat
<Content>Recently Much Improved and more realistic value This property is much, no very much improved since my last stay. The renovations have much improved the rooms, which are now very comfortable and well above 脛irport hotelstandards. The location cannot be beaten, literally in the terminal and is great for my usual short late night in (From somewhere in Europe) early morning out (On the Singapore Airlines flight to JFK) stay. This time, I was able to use a prepaid Expedia rate of USD 160 (Which also included breakfast although I had no time to accept and in any case was looking forward to a great First Class breakfast on SQ). This rate was, I thought, despite the short stay, very good value and was about half what I paid last time, when I regarded the property as being way overpriced for the convenience of 6 hours sleep IN the airport.Unlike the Radisson SAS at Manchester Airport, where I stayed the prior week and which has a similar profile in terms of in-airport location etc., this property seems to have understood that that you cannot gauge all of the people all of the time without reaching the point where many customers opt out.Overall, I was very pleasantly surprised and impressed. I will be back.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Trinivaltraveler
<Content>Superb Hotel Our group were 4 people who stayed there during the World Cup. It is in the Airport and very easy to find. It proved to be the ideal location for trips to Stuttgart, Munich, Dortmund, Gelsenkirchen, Kaiserslautern and Berlin whether going by car, train or airplane. There was a big screen in Lemons  Limes to look at matches. The drinks there were nice, however very expensive. We had breakfast in the Towers a few times and it was excellent.Staff were very friendly and offerred good advice for getting around Germany. There is wireless internet connection all over the hotel for a fee, printing in the business center is free which came in useful when printing all the maps to get to various stadiums and other locations in Germany.We had a family room which was very spacious for 4 people, bathroom had 2 sinks, bath and separate shower.The hotel is very modern and well maintained, very classy indeed.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>matkustaja
<Content>Convenient Location I stayed here April 6 -9 , paid 205 euros for first day and 217 euros for the others, breakfast included via internet booking. After reading all reviews I booked this hotel expecting the worst., but I guess the management have been reading all the reviews because the hotel have improved. I asked for a quiet non smoking room and given #7072 which is quiet and clean ( no aeroplanes noise) , buffet breakfast with excellent variety including cold and hot dishes and sparkling wines. All staff I encountered were friendly and helpful with maps and directions etc. But just like any other Europe hotel it's overpriced - the location is excellent though - all the train and metro is directly below the hotel - 15 minutes takes you to the city centre. Do not touch anything in the minibar and don't eat in the hotel, there are various eating places at the train station and nearby bus station, as well as a big supermarket to stock up on drinks and snacks all for a fraction from what the hotel charges. I used the hotel internet at 8 euros per hour or 18 euros for 24 hours. And not to mention don't have to get up too early for your flight as you are in the airport ! If you only need a short stay in Frankfurt I recommend it. Booked via Sheraton website - it's the cheapest rate.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pass on This One! After an exhausting 2 week tour of Europe, I decided to spend my last night resting up in Germany before the long 10 hour flight back home to the USA. Having several choices of highly rated hotels near Frankfurt AIrport, I decided to stay with Sheraton, even though it was the highest cost of avaibale lodging in the airport area. WHAT A MISTAKE! From the needlessly long check-in to the disaster they call a room, it was a nightmare. Arriving late in the afternoon and FINALLY after checking in and going to our room, I made reservations at a local restaurant and went to take a shower. Well, you can imagine my surprise at finding that only scalding hot water came out of the shower head. I called something called the travelers center for help, and after waiting for about 20 rings got a woman who told me a maintance man would be up shortly. This shorlty stretched into about a 2 hour wait that culminated with ouir moving OURSELVES (all 5 suitcases) to another room. Think they would make up for this fiasco-think again. This time the water worked fine, but THIS room was right over a ventilation fan and on the termnial side of the hotel where every plane sounded like it was in your room. And speaking of the room, if you like limed over tubs, no bathrobes, towels for 1 when there are 2 of you, and some of the worst service ever in a 5 star hotel, this one is for you. Even the brekafast buffet was margianl with horrible serivce. Want some advice - go the the Steigenberger!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced for the convenience what an overpriced airport hotel - I guess that's what you pay for the convenience of being right by the airport. I paid 240 Euro for a Friday night stay - that was the best rate through Sheraton(-) The room is just tiny and very dated! think 1970's. It was quite depressing! thank goodness it was only for one night..Would not return again....The staff and service however was great!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mmsmith2
<Content>Only if you have to... The location is fabulous if you need to be near the airport, since it is attached to the airport and train station. But i am afraid that the new beautiful lobby is very decieving. The rooms were very very dated (1960's), but they were clean. In our bathroom there was a piece of plywood bolted below the sink to cover the pipes and one of the beds broke! When it comes to eating you are a little resticted by the menu and resturants.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>v99
<Content>Good if you have an early flight Pretty neat - a hotel that you don't have to exit the airport to get to. We had an early flight the next morning - so this worked perfectly.Rooms are nothing special, but they are nice and clean. Extra cost for concierge level is well worth it. It gives you access to a very nice lounge that has snacks and free drinks. Snacks are generous enough to make a light dinner.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kml-kml
<Content>Extension to the airport Located directly adjacent to the Frankfurt airport it's perfect for your trip to Frankfurt without leaving the airport =) You don't even have to go outside during your stay in Germany.From the outside it looks more like a concrete block from the old times of eastern Germany even if it's on the western side. From inside it's completely different. The room was probably quite recently refurbished and I liked the bed especially. The restaurant buffet was good and bar was ok too.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dismayed By Steep Price Increase I was dismayed by a steep price increaseannouned on arrival after tiring crossAtlatic flight.I made the reservation overthree! months previously and got a firmprice--but--on arrival the price hadclimbed from 139 Euros to 199 Euros!Being a Senior with health problems I wastotally stuck and extremely dismayed bythis previously unannouced price hike!No ethics, just greed and rudeness.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel - it is really great!  I am a travel agent who had a group of 37 staying at this wonderful hotel one night in transit from Tel Aviv. I cannot rave enough about it. The service was very good. I had a regular room, but it was superior. Room amenities included coffee/tea/hot chocolate, etc.; a desk with a comfortable chair; not only robes, but slippers as well; my king-size bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was superior with hair dryer and all amenities. Then the next morning, I went down to breakfast and other members in the group met me with, I wish we could have picked this hotel up and taken it with us wherever we went - or another one said, I wish we could stay here another night. The buffet breakfast was excellent and service was great. This is an airport hotel and some of my co-hearts in the business have been concerned about the walk to the hotel, but there is an enclosed walkway and the walk is not that bad. I had several senior citizens and they made it fine. I have another group staying here in a couple of months and I will definitely continue to use it in the future!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rick_On_The_Road
<Content>Expensive and WORTH it OK, we've been travelling for 3 weeks and staying at mid-level and budget hotels throughout Germany. It's mid day and we have a 7:00 AM flight out of Frankfurt for London and then to SanFrancisco, and finally to Seattle the next day so it's a LONG trip ahead of us. You know what? It was WORTH IT to stay here for the night. It was the best hotel decision we made.The hotel is spacious, modern, metropolitan and comfortable. The TV in your room greets you with your name. The hotel is dog-friendly and has air conditioning!!! The hotel is easy to reach by train to the airport. No cabs to and from the hotel are needed (that takes 30-60 Euros out of the room price!).We got a good sleep. The lunch buffet was excellent and plentiful. The service was attentive and EXCELLENT. The beds were comfortable with fantastic linens. The room had a great view of the airport but thanks to the triple-pane windows was very quiet. The bathrooms were small but clean and had great towels (and yes, I took one of the little round soaps home with me because it smelled SO nice). The hotel even had security people in the lobby. I even got a nice but expensive haircut in the hotel barber shop that afternoon. Just staying one night made the last leg of our trip a most pleasant and welcome relief.The next morning we had the staff greet us with a 4 AM wake-up call and we walked to our gate with plenty of time for a quick breakfast in the airport and then boarded our flight home.The cost was 195 Euros for the night. Would I stay here again? Most definitely!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trip Advisor from Dallas, TX
<Content>Very conveniently located for a next morning flight! Our family stayed here for 1 night before we left Frankfurt for the US. Fortunately we had a GPS navigation system in our rental car or we would not have been able to find the hotel driving in the car. It is very difficult to find given the directions on the hotel website.But after we did arrive, we did have a very large  nice family room - there were 4 of us, 2 adults  2 children. We thought the price was very reasonable for the type of room we received. Our A/C worked fine but I do agree that the prices for food was very high. We were tired  wanted to turn in early, so we ate at the hotel even though it was expensive. This hotel is very convenient for a 1 night stay before a flight. We were able to walk over to American Airlines at the airport in about 5 minutes. I will say that I felt like I was part of the modern world in this hotel after staying in the quaint hotels in other parts of Germany!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lance92270
<Content>Fantastic Airport hotel. I am not sure why the previous reviewers had such negative experiences at this hotel. Being a Platinum SPG member, at check-in, I was upgraded to a Club level room. The room was spacious and very modern with the new Sweet Sleeper beds. The A/C in my room worked well and I even slept under the duvet. The Club lounge was great- snacks in the evening and cooked to order eggs with bacon and sausage for breakfast. In the lobby, there is even an Oxygen Bar. Being attached to the airport, the location is very convenient.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>byairorsea
<Content>Poor, actually NO air conditioning in Five Star Hotel We stayed at the Sheraton for the last night of our vacation before returning to US. A beautiful, convenient, well designed hotel with A.C. that was intolerable! You can't open windows, Noise Protection, and the little vent blowing air was blowing hot air. We complained to the front desk and maintainence but were told that europeans aren't accustomed to the same cool air as we are! We literally laid on top of the bed sweating all night long. This probably would be a wonderful hotel any other time except when it is quite hot outside.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>stiwi
<Content>Great location, very good hotel for 1night stay I can recommend this hotel to all of you who want just one night accommodation ahead of next day flight. I would give Sheraton Five stars but as it was already mentioned the architecture isn't good side of this hotel. If I would stay more than one night I would try to find another solution but for one night stay I would choose it again as it is directly connected with the airport. There is pretty expensive, Cola 0,2l (other juices) 4 EUR (price from minibar), pizza 12 EUR (it is ok for one person).Because some of you had problems with finding them below are the signs from Sheraton. I also had some problems but it was due to big Frankfurt Airport.Actually, it is very easy to find our hotel from the airport:We are directly connected with the airport - Terminal 1.From the departure hall (upstairs) you will find 2 pedestrian bridges whichconnect the terminal to the hotel and the long distance trains; 1 is between hall A and B (near Lufthansa) and 1 is between hall B and C(near American Airlines).Please follow the signs for hotel or Fernbahnhof / Long distance trains  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't live up to reputation       Mildewed basket  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tbermanSanFrancisco
<Content>Terrific Hotel at Frankfurt Airport   showReview(3419978, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Convenient to Airport   showReview(3399403, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PHeeley
<Content>Amazingly quiet   showReview(3211813, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel   showReview(3101102, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>imaliveru
<Content>Hard to find, decent beds, a little loud...   showReview(2602159, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Youyellit
<Content>It's conveniently located, but directions to it would help!   showReview(2518123, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't beat the location   showReview(2227812, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pennsylvania1
<Content>OK Hotel, If....   showReview(2151285, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Price for convenience   showReview(830234, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pra12
<Content>Day Use tr猫s appr茅ciable   showReview(23100583, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎰忓銇ㄨ糠銇勩伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(22855822, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dolphin_aco
<Content>涔椼倞缍欍亷銈勯亝銇勫埌鐫€銇渶閬?#x201d;   showReview(18763975, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz toll   showReview(19645592, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xbessard
<Content>Bon hotel d'aeroport   showReview(17833413, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Acc茅s par parkings sous sol tr猫s difficile   showReview(15575425, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Belle0176
<Content>Osterbrunch   showReview(14686919, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13190479, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Abendessen   showReview(13190478, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JuristeInternet
<Content>Un must pour un transit   showReview(11999490, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>giuly27
<Content>DENTRO l'aeroporto!   showReview(10634881, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈綋銇逗楹椼仹渚垮埄銇с仚   showReview(19163293, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kenadams
<Content>Inevitabile   showReview(7014967, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Hotel f眉r Kurztrips   showReview(11361989, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prestations de comptoir tr猫s lentes.   showReview(11356613, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐銇亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(19158326, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝鐩磋繎銇儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19926478, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻偡銈с儵銉堛兂銇ㄣ亜...   showReview(19925522, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉炽偗銉曘儷銉堛伄銈ㄣ偄...   showReview(19921152, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕嬫湰甯傛湡闁撱仹甯傚唴銇儧...   showReview(19920893, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰銇嬨倝銉曘儵銉炽偗銉曘儷...   showReview(19919078, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

