<Author>GFYUsa
<Content>Wonderful as Billed - Outstanding Service The Sumner was a wise choice for a home away from home. The front desk staff (especially Mark and Beatta) could not have been more perfect. The hotel is nice building and is certainly centrally located. A recommendation for a restaurant (seafood just around the corner from the hotel) was excellent. We were always asked whether we wanted Tean and buscuits - which were either served in the parlor or our rooms. We took a 2 day trip to Zurich during our stay and the hotel was kind enough to work out an arrangement that was very convenient. Upon leaving - we had more heavy baggage than I care to admit - the young lady on duty provided a great deal of assistance with luggage that was larger than she was. I coukd go on and on - but I think you get the picture. Nice bathrooms - nice size rooms. Pretty common areas. We've found our new hotel in London and will return - Really this was a 4.5 rating - Karen and Gil (USA)  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anne-Angola
<Content>Lovely--Great Location We stayed at The Sumner for two nights in December. The location was great, convenient to many sights and restaurants. We set out walking at 11:00 a.m., after a wonderful complimentary breakfast , and we went to all of the sights that we had wanted to visit. We were back at the hotel by 7:00 p.m. after dinner. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. We will definitely stay at The Sumner when we are in London again. We will also recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pt831
<Content>"Well-known" hotels could learn a thing or two from this little gem! We stayed at The Sumner Hotel for one night in December and were very impressed by this small boutique hotel. I had booked a deLuxe double room on the first floor, which like the rest of the hotel, was spotless. Having stayed in many London hotels, I would recommend The Sumner, above any other, to both business and leisure travellers. It gets five stars from me for cleanliness, service, value and dining; it鈥檚 in a great location just off Marble Arch 鈥?and it鈥檚 lovely and quiet too! Some of the larger well-known hotels could learn a thing or two from this little gem.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shoebill
<Content>Elegant home away from home Truly a jewel in London. On a side street, very quiet, the surroundings are at once historic and modern. Our room was spacious - very unusual for Europe - and tastefully decorated. The service was so discreet, you hardly knew anyone was working there, except that the room and the public areas were immaculate. Lots of careful detail - the living area, shared, had lovely soft music playing, a computer available, good reading material, and beautiful furniture. Also, terrific location, interesting neighborhoods, shopping and great walking.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>zennaUk
<Content>Great Stay We stayed at the hotel for one evening but would happily recommend it to anyone else. Not too far from Kings Cross and easy to get to the Grosvenor Hotel for our function. Room nice with contempory furnishings and large which makes a pleasant change for London. Shower is compact but enough room to do what is necessary - shower. We were on the first floor and it did feel like a rabbit warren with lots of corridors and doors.Fantastic night sleep had. Thanks!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ktfc999
<Content>Lovely Hotel What a hotel!Located on a side street just a few minutes walk from Hyde Park Corner. You could almost miss the hotel and walk past it as it just looks like someone's house!We had a room at the back of the hotel - small but very very quiet for central London.The hotel is very well presented and very clean. Breakfast was included in the rate and was adequate (limited hot food but plenty of cold buffet).Overall a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GabrieleTokyo
<Content>Ab Fab Hotel and Staff I stayed at the Sumner for 8 nights. I was impressed from the moment I stepped over the threshold. The location is ideal for shopping and transportation, the street is quiet, and the room was large by London standards. The hotel seems to be run very efficiently. Everything was spotlessly clean. Throughout the stay the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, and accommodated all our wishes without fuss and without error. Next time I visit London I shall definitely stay at the Sumner.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mopsdemott
<Content>A great London find. Our stay totaled 4 nights and we were very comfortable and well cared for. The staff is incredibly helpful and pleasant. They can get you tickets to shows, explain the Tube, check opening and closing times of attractions. The hotel is spotlessly clean and our room was very quiet. We paid 112 pounds for 2 doubles with the Rick Steve's discount. Bathrooms were the best we encountered in Euorpe, plenty of hot water, and toilets that flushed, etc and good soaps and shampoos. The included breakfast was very nice, with excellent tea. The parlor/drawing room was pleasant and we even had a pot of tea there late one nite after trudging back thru a very cold and blustery snow storm! The free internet is great to print boarding passes or check reservations, tho the front desk will do all this for you. Its a great choice for a London hotel. The car service they book is excellent, on time, and curteous. We'd return. A great find!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>funtimes7
<Content>great boutique hotel located in Marble Arch on a quiet streetconvenient for Tube, but not near attractionsquiet, clean, basic room and breakfast was basicbreakfast room was windowless which was not attractivevery helpful staffwould stay here again  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SPOH
<Content>A great find My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed a 2 night stay at The Sumner over Hallowe'en. The Hotel is clean, modern and easy to find, and the staff were friendly and efficient. It's very handy for Oxford st. and there are plenty of restaurants on Edgeware road which is a 1 min walk away. The only slight downside for me was the breakfast. it was ok, but not everyone likes bratfurst sausages, and they were the only cooked option other than eggs. It's really ony a minor criticism, though, as we'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mcc101
<Content>An excellent London option We booked the Sumner after reading the Trip Advisor reviews. We were not disappointed. The hotel is well located - the tube is less than 5 minutes away - the Oxford Street shops - the same.We booked a King Double, which was larger than the average London hotel room. It had a pleasant view over the street and the double glazing ensured there was no street noise.The staff were very helpful. The breakfast was generous and while it is described as continental it includes hot and cold food and was more than enough for us. Within a 5 minute radius were some very interesting pubs and restaurants. On the ground floor is a very comfortable guest area with a free internet connection. London is an expensive city by any standards, but we felt we received comparative value for money from the Sumner. We were more than pleased and have booked to stay there again next year.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SJL13
<Content>Highly Recommended This is a top quality small boutique hotel in an EXCELLENT location. It is only a 2 min walk to Oxford St and Marble Arch and a 5 min walk into Hyde Park.The decor is really tasteful and modern and we were really impressed with the lounge area which had lots of lovely reading material and more importantly, a PC for guest use FREE OF CHARGE to surf the web. We had drinks in the lounge one evening and although they were a little pricey, it was a lovely atmosphere.We had an executive king sized room which was immaculate, with high quality fittings and fixtures and plenty of space. It overlooked the street but wasn't noisy at all and it was nice to be able to open the windows. (In many hotels we find that's not possible!)We didn't really need specific help from staff but we found them pleasant at all times. When we asked to borrow an ironing board - it was no trouble at all.Although we would recommend this hotel and would stay again, it did have some small down sides for us. Firstly, there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room which I would expect from a 4* hotel. We had to pay 拢3.60 for tea for two with biscuits! Also, I like to have a bath and robe in a hotel room, especially after a hard day's sight seeing in London but unfortunately, we had neither. The shower room was like new and very clean but quite small.As for the breakfast, it was more continental than traditional English. The first day, there was no bacon at all and the sausage was like a bratwerst! On day 2, we did have bacon but no sausage. Toast wasn't readily available on the buffet but we did get some when we asked. Despite these small niggles, we thorougly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davidleeds
<Content>wonderful choice The Sumner was a perfect choice for comfort, location and service and the price with the the Rick Steves discount was excellent. We had a standard room which was in the back which was very quiet and of a good size. The many buses that serve the area are terrific for a first time visitor and good for sightseeing as well as getting where you want to go.The tube is good if you are in a hurry if the lines are working properly. We found good restaurants nearby - Prezzo and the Spaghetti House. The prepared food at Marks and Spencers is as good as all our London friends been telling us. The Sumner staff were always pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was more than ample. Having tea served in our room or the lounge at any time of day or night really was wonderful especially after a long day of touring.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pozzuolo
<Content>outstanding hotel What a magnificent little jewel. We loved the Sumner and the service was outstanding. We could absolutely not ask for more! This hotel is warm, charming and beautiful. Our room was very spacious and well equipped, the attention to detail was evident throughout the hotel. We felt so at home we did not want to leave. It is spotless, and the breakfast was lovely with many choices. The location was superb and very handy to many conveniences. You will not find anything like it for the very affordable price charged. We cannot say enough about this hotel and will certainly stay there the next time we are in London. We have already recommended it to many friends in Canada. Mark was awesome and Peter was wonderful, they were so kind and helpful it made our stay enjoyable. It has internet available for use 24hours. The bathroom was also very comfortable and spacious. Many thanks to the owners for caring so much, it shows! Sincerely, David and Marcella Abugov, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SpikeVancouver
<Content>Very Enjoyable Stay at the Sumner Spent one night at the Sumner in London on our way back home from Europe trip. The room, a deluxe, was delightful - surprisingly large and airy for a London hotel. It is very well fitted out with a wonderful comfortable bed and the bathroom was well accomodated too. Breakfast was included in the rate, which also was surprisingly reasonable by London standards, and the breakfast fare was very good.Also enjoyed the comfortable and large guest lounge and really appreciated having a dedicated guest computer with free internet access.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GoldCoastHetty
<Content>Loved the Sumner Hotel.       Enjoy the fresh air in Hyde Park  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>vason
<Content>Loved this hotel This hotel was one of the best I've stayed in on my last several trips to Europe. The location is great, a sort of quiet area but close to everything plus the Marble Arch underground is only a few blocks away. The staff were extremely curteous and the room was fairly big as far as European standards go. It was very clean, had free internet service in the lobby level, and the hot breakfast which was included I thought was superb. The beds were fairly comfortable as well which is a rarity in most hotels I've stayed. For the price this hotel was a great deal and I for sure would come back.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rootsandwings3
<Content>fantastic location September 4thWe spent 3 night at the Sumner and would book there again.The staff were professional and helpful. Our room was large for European standards, big king size bed.Everything was clean and well cared for.The breakfasts were substantial, containing hot and cold items.We could walk to Oxford street and explore alot of the city on foot from this location. Great little pub next door.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>GoGoPDL
<Content>Incredible London Value Contacted the Sumner after reading all the excellent Trip Advisor reviews. Right away I knew we had made the right choice because of the efficient, courteous and professional manner in which they corresponded with us.We stayed 5 wonderful nights in a spacious and most comfortable king room. The driver and car we requested was right there to meet us after customs at Heathrow and take us to the hotel. The location was great...it took us about 3 minutes to walk to the Marble Arch Tube Station. (If you are going to ride the tube quite a bit as we did, I suggest purchasing Oyster Cards before you go. They reduce the fare for each ride per person from 4 pounds to 1 1/2 pounds. You can purchase them online from the Visit Britain website). There are several restaurants within two to six blocks of the hotel...I would recommend Prezzo and Seaport...they were both excellent...Prezzo very reasonably priced and Seaport a little expensive but well worth it. You are also only two blocks from beautiful Hyde Park, where you can walk forever.We paid 145 pounds per night and besides the lovely room, that also included a very nice breakfast with both hot and cold items, Wi-Fi in the room, a computer with internet access in the lobby, room service at anytime for tea or coffee, and the assistance of one of the most helpful staffs we have encountered anywhere in the world for absolutely anything. You can pay twice that in London and get a tiny room with a cold breakfast in a not so good location and then have to pay extra for computer access.The bathroom had a shower only, which we prefer, with fantastic water pressure, instant hot water, nice toiletries and soft, fluffy towels. The room had both heat and AC, both of which you could adjust to suit you. We had two floor to ceiling 12ft high windows, which you could open, but when closed you could not hear the street traffic.I can't imagine a more pefect place to stay in London..we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chocolatefriend
<Content>The Sumner was lovely Had a lovely 5 day stay starting with a car pick up at the Heathrow that the hotel arranged for us which was fantastic as London greeted with pouring rain ! Had a king room on the top floor which was a great size and 130 GB per night was a good price. Lovley furnitures, manchster and wall mounted flat screen. An extra bonus was the windows open so fresh air can come in ! The staff were helpful, the breakfast (included) was great (met some nice people) and having a free computer in the lounge was great for checking emails. Location was the best. Great Middle Eastern supermarket down the road, restaurants near by, can walk to the tube and we even walked acorss Hyde park to Harrods !(My tiny little concern was that the shower was claustrophobic as the door nearly goes to ceiling heigth and the steam engulfs you however open the door a little gulp air and off you go again ( a bath would have been nice but no room). The heating of the room was questionable (we expressed our concern and a staff member felt the cold air blowing out) as the reverse cycle only blows cool air not hot too and the wall heaters are controlled elsewhere.Lovely blankets were forthcoming but should not have been needed)However these are meant to be minute comments and we loved the place and without a doubt we would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>RANOBO
<Content>The Sumner is the place to stay in London If you're looking for super value, incredible service and great accommodations in London, this is the place. My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the Sumner and the staff was simply fabulous in helping out with our needs, from theater tickets to directions. The gentleman at the front desk who greeted us, Mark, made us feel very welcome. The room was super clean and comfortable. Also very close to an Underground station where you can go anywhere in London and beyond. Great breakfast every morning, except they close a bit early (no biggie). Even offered to have breakfast ready on the morning we left. Next time, we're in London, the Sumner will surely be our hotel destination. Our only complaint is that we could not find good nearby pubs after our late nights on the town but we never inquired with the Sumner staff.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dovalevin
<Content>We loved it here! We stayed here for four nights in a regular room and we would go back in a heartbeat! Comfortable room, nice breakfast, friendly staff and a great location - not to mention a reasonable rate for London. We will definetly recommend the Sumner to our friends and family.Dova and Kacee Jones  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>IPGHK
<Content>Would have been great except for the cold shower I stayed here for 2 nights in a King room. Everything was great except for the lack of hot water one morning. Given the rave reviews on this site for the hotel, I believe this was an isolated incident, but it does make it difficult for me to want to stay there again, especially as it caused me a lot of inconvenience  the staff provided no apology. Yes, London hotel rooms are very expensive  this hotel is practically a bargain in that context, but for US$320/night I would at least expect hot water when I need it.My room was on the 3rd floor, spacious, well lit with 2 windows overlooking the street,  quiet. The bed was incredibly comfortable, with very soft sheets. There were many cable channels available on the flat screen TV. The main downside was the bathroom - tiny, with a tiny stall shower. One morning, I found there was no hot water; 5 minutes after I called down to reception, I was told that one of the boilers had been turned off but had now been turned back on. I waited 20 minutes for the water to heat up  couldn't wait any longer, as at that point I was already 30 minutes late for my appointment. So I took a barely lukewarm shower. No apologies from reception.The hotel's public areas are very nicely decorated, in a stylish, muted fashion, with a comfortable drawing room. The staff was nice if a bit stiff. The location is great if you need to be near Marble Arch or Oxford St; the street itself is nice  quiet. The room key also opens the front door, which is very convenient but also feels secure. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it as an alternative to a big hotel. My only (significant) problem was with the hot water.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>histtrav
<Content>Very nice option Finding a hotel that is reasonably priced in London is incredibly difficult. There seem to be either very expensive or inexpensive yet sketchy hotels. The Sumner is moderately priced by very expensive London standards and is nicely located near the Marble Arch tube station. The hotel is located on a quiet street full of hotels that don't look nearly as nice as The Sumner. The hotel itself is well-appointed with comfortable rooms, a friendly staff and complementary breakfast. The room was spotless, quite large, and relatively quiet. The pros of the hotel are: it feels like (and is) a higher end boutique hotel, great location, reasonable room rate, staff, clean and modern rooms. I would definitely stay at The Sumner on a return visit.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>specialk23
<Content>Best Hotel In Marble Arch I am a business traveller who visits London about 4 time every year. I always stay near the marble arch. I have tried several hotels in the area. Most are noisy, overpriced with tiny rooms and indifferent service. I was looking to change so I found the Sumner reviews on this website and booked my most recent trip for 3 days. The location is excellent. 3 minute walk to marble arch tube. My room (King) was in a word - massive. I travel extensively all over the world and this is one of the biggest rooms I have ever had. Similarly the bathroom was very large.The Furniture and accessories were all top notch. The staff and service was great. The Breakfast did not feature a massive selection but was good quality and totally acceptable. Wifi was free.I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissEckles
<Content>Exceptional This is an outstanding hotel and I can't recommend it highly enough. The hotel is impeccable clean and the staff are falling over themselves being helpful and courteous. Despite other reviewers comments that the rooms were small, I found mine to be quite spacious for London. It is situated just a few blocks from Hyde Park with easy access to the tube and Oxford Street, so the location is excellent. There is a laundromat around the corner and a gym only five to ten minutes away. Internet use is free on the computer in the lounge and there is a library of London guides for your research. The breakfast was fantastic and overall The Sumner is the very best hotel I have ever used.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ramorville
<Content>London in Sumner Recently stayed in the Sumner, following great reviews on Trip advisor. We were not disappointed! The staff were very friendly and the location is fantastic.We will definately go back. the only slight downside is that the breakfast is all pre cooked but there is a great deli just around the corner which just adds to the whole experience!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Magere1_2
<Content>Great little hotel Very comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Staff very friendly and helpful. Bed and pillows excellent (Very important for me). Breakfast very filling. Hotel is spotless. Have booked a return visit. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chan08
<Content>Loved the sumner! I stayed here with my parents end June 2008, stayed for 5 days. We had requested for a triple room and they got us a basement room - big enough for 3 of us. Tho initially when we saw we were placed next to the bfast room, we were worried bout the noise, but it was perfect.Which brings me to bfast - fabulous and delicious - eggs (2 types), sausages, baked beans, bacon - all very well cooked, plus a small selection of cereal, cheese and breads.The hotel itself is lovely, and the use of the free internet available 24/7 was much appreciated.Location is fantastic, just 5 mins walk to Marble Arch, with nearby grocers, small cafes and resturants if we're feeling lazy to venture more than 10mins beyond the hotel to have a bite.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Philly Viking
<Content>Recent Stay Just returned from a seven nights stay at this hotel, located on Upper Berkeley Street in the Mayfair section of London. The hotel has only about sixteen rooms and the charges are relatively reasonable (for London). Our room was very comfortable with two twin beds - mattress was quite firm and needed some duvet underlay for my wife. Wi-fi was readily available and free computed access in the lounge was very helpful. The airconditioning worked fine in our room although the fan speed was difficult to control and led to some chilly mornings! The staff was uniformly helpful and excellent. They responded immediately to meet our needs for extra towels, an additional duvet, etc. They readily provided directions, reserved restaurants and called for taxis when needed. Two negative observations: In spite of promised morning newspapers, only a few were available in the lounge and they soon disappeared when guests took them to their rooms. The second, more serious criticism was the poor breakfast choices in the downstairs dining room. Included in the room charge, breakfast included juices, coffee or tea, cereals, fruits, rolls and hot dishes. The latter included either bacon or sausages, baked beans and two kinds of eggs - scrambled or hard boiled. Unfortunately, the hot dishes were not well prepared and also quite lukewarm or cold. Breakfast was only served from 8 AM to 9:30 AM.A final, very positive, aspect of the hotel is its location. It is only a block away from Edgeware Road and three blocks away from Marble Arch, so tube and bus services were readily accessible.The predominant Middle East population in the area provided easy market shopping and some fine Lebanese or Moroccan restaurants. However, our greatest meal in the neighborhood was in Porte des Indes, a fantastically decorated Indian restaurant with marvellous dishes.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joannetAustralia
<Content>Fantastic London accommodation! We stayed in the Sumner for 5 nights. The hotel was an old building that had been revamped but still kept its charm. There was a great sitting room with an open fire with books to read or just a place to catch up with friends which was great!There was also free internet access. The staff were very friendly and helpful. They also had their own printed travel booklet which had fantastic info on sights to see and surrounding restaurants, even a map of the shop locations on Oxford street.The breakfast was an added bonus in the morning. It was close to transport and laundry facilities. The rooms themselves were a bit small, but they were suitable for us. The room and bathroom were modern, comfortable and clean.The Sumner is fantastic value for money! I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel, and in fact we will stay there again in the near future!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tingasiki
<Content>Great place! My husband and I stayed at the Sumner for three nights in July 2008. We had booked a King Room through the hotel's website (very user-friendly!) and stayed in Room 205. Out of all the many different hotels we have known in London over the years, the Sumner is easily the best. The location is very convenient for public transport (busses and the Underground from Marble Arch), shopping on Oxford street, and the lovely Hyde Park is just five minutes walk away. A taxi to Paddington Station is relatively cheap (as far as anything is in London) and fast, and from there it's an easy ride to Heathrow Airport on the Express train. Certainly an improvement to the slow ride on the Underground. The area around Marble Arch seems to be firmly in Middle Eastern hands now and there were lots of nice restaurants and excellent caf茅s just around the corner from the hotel. There's also a pub and some small supermarkets.The hotel is very clean and our room was spacious (for London standards). Small bathroom but plenty of fluffy fresh towels and a good powerful shower (by any standards). Our room looked out the front and traffic noise could be heard, so despite the double- glasing it was not as quiet as I had hoped for. Unfortunately, the A/C was right beside the bed and I was a bit bothered by the cold air blowing straight at us. We had very good wireless internet connection in our room and loved the fact that they had three different kinds of socket (UK, Europe, US) actually fitted in the wall by the desk. Why don't other hotels think of that kind of thing? The breakfast buffet should suit most tastes, good continental selection (and fresh fruit!) as well as the traditional cooked breakfast. Nice selection of breads too. The breakfast room is downstairs though and has no daylight or views, so you don't tend to linger.But what really makes this hotel is the friendly, well-trained and highly efficient staff. Everyone seems to be from Poland (no wonder, since the owner is apparently Polish) and they can't do enough for you. A very refreshing change from the attitude you meet elsewhere in the UK. Well done!There are cheaper places to stay but this hotel is excellent value for the money you pay, and if it's the Marble Arch area you want to stay in (or you're not bothered where you are), I would definitely look no further.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buggie6
<Content>Mom and I LOVED this Hotel My mother and I (28 yo) were just in London for a week to visit family and spent a lot of time researching affordable/nice hotels online. The Sumner was fabulous and the hotel actually looks like the pictures on the website(s) and is everything it boasts. There is even free internet in the lobby (that was generally available when we wanted it)We liked the room*** and it was very clean, and was the size we expected (not US hotel room big, but European hotel room size) There was definitely enough room for both of us and the bathroom was appropriately sized and very clean, with an overhead shower option (as opposed to hand held). Also there was A/C that we could control and a nice window. The bed was comfortable and there was a flat screen TV. There was no safe in the room, but the hotel had one in which to leave your passports. There was a small frig in the room, with room to leave a few of your own items, e.g., mom and I kept a bottle of wine. The location was also great: I ran every morning in Hyde Park and the area had many restaurants and local eateries, as well as was very close to major sites (hyde park, Marylebone, buckingham is less than a mile, and kensington is just across the park) and tube lines/bus stops are also close. However, I would suggest getting local street map (the hotel does not have) because I'm pretty sure we took the tube when we could have walked and we had to switch tube lines a lot, if we walked we could have eliminated most changes. The hotel staff was very helpful and even looked up some BYO places for us in the neighborhood for dinner. Breakfast was totally convenient and the coffee was delicious. Mom and I are not a big morning eaters, so I can't comment on the eggs, etc but they had bananas and cereals which was perfect for both my mom and I and a nice bread, yogurt and apple/orange selection. Overall it was a GREAT stay!***I would suggest requesting a room that is NOT on the floor with breakfast, I would imagine it would get very loud during breakfast hours and the breakfast smells tend to waft. Our room was not near breakfast, so I can't say for sure.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bettybubble
<Content>Every thing We hoped It Would be and more My husband and I just got back from a Tour of Italy and spent our last night before returing to Canada in London at the Sumner Hotel. I researched many hotels before I booked and choose the Sumner based on the good reviews on Trip Advisor and other sites. We were certainly not dissapointed. We were only spending 24 hours in London and this hotel was in a wonderful location. We took the express train from Heathrow to Paddington Station, a quick taxi ride and we were at the Sumner- checking in before noon was no problem. A short walk away was Oxford Street shopping,Marble Arch and Hyde Park where we caught the hop on hop off buses for a tour of London. Dinner was eaten at Mason's pub on the corner- great fish and chips. The room was wonderful -large and modern, spotless with a comfy bed and linens. Our room was in the front and very quiet we never heard other guests or street traffic. The bath was clean and modern, not huge but adequate with a box shower.My husband thought the breakfast was the best yet, it certainly had a nice variety in pleasant suroundings.The staff was very helpful and polite and let us leave our luggage in reception to pick up for our afternoon flight.When we return to London we will certainly stay at the Sumner and will recommend it to all our friends.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>nance22
<Content>Compact but lovely The Sumner was very clean, bright and comfortable. The beds were amazing and the hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was very small but the amazing bed made up for the small room size. Great location and 2 pubs and a laundromat right around the corner.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chelsea341
<Content>Felt like home away from home I spent 4 days here while on a business trip and was extremely pleased with the accommodations and amenities. I booked this based on the positive reviews on Trip Advisor and the price (reasonable for London and the quality of the rooms) After a long day of work and running around, it was a pleasure to come back to a comfortable, spacious, and immaculate room and relax. The choice of breakfast foods was wide and everything was absolutely delicious, including the coffee (not alway the best at hotel restaurants) The decor of the hotel from the rooms to the lounge area was smart and stylish without being pretentious or overly modern. The location is only a few blocks from Marble Arch and Oxford Street but away from the crowds - I genuinely felt that I was coming back to a neighborhood despite several other small hotels and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. I had hoped to try the pub on the corner or the fish restaurant around the block, but only managed to get to one of the several Lebanese restaurants on nearby Edgware Road.All in all, I hope to return the next time I am in London for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>DBooger
<Content>Solid, Quiet Hotel The Sumner is a small, quiet hotel 2 or 3 blocks north of the Marble Arch tube stop. While it is not in the shadow of the Tower or Whitehall, I thought it was well-located, with the quiet street more than offsetting an extra 3 or 5 minutes by cab.Rooms clean and quiet. Helpful, non-intrusive staff. Good breakfast (cereals, coffee, juice, sausage, eggs, toast) included. Rooms are smallish, but fine. One computer in the sitting room for internet access / EMails. I never stayed on it for more than 5 minutes: internet access was no problem.IMO, the only reason to NOT stay here is if you wanted to walk to night-time entertainment (e.g., theaters). If you're happy flagging cabs after dark, then the Sumner is your place for all of London.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>justgalina
<Content>Perfect!!! Just everything you need: perfect room, friendly staff, bathroabs and sleepers in your room, nice linen and very comfortable beds. And yes, it's a very quiet place. Would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VictoriaBigdog
<Content>Superb hotel and staff. A superb hotel with exceptional staff. Great location close to shopping and easy access to the underground. We appreciated the warm and sincere welcome of staff and the immaculate room. Staff were also of great help before we arrived making show reservations and generally getting us organized.An added bonus is the quiet location just off the beaten path. Makes for restful sleep with little road noise. Exceptional value for a good quality London Hotel. We will certainly be back.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dave03
<Content>Good Boutique Hotel We stayed at this hotel at the end of May 2008, using it as a base for a theatre weekend break.We were given a bedroom at the front of the hotel with smart furniture and comfortable beds. The en-suite was compact, with a shower, (no bath) but it was all very clean and tidy.Although the overall impression of the hotel was very good, there were a number of minor disappointments which I have described below:- There weren鈥檛 any tea  coffee facilities in bedrooms.Although the food at breakfast was very enjoyable, the majority of tables in the basement breakfast room (apart from one long table) only seated two people, which didn't help as there were three of us and the girl serving tried to seat us at tables on different sides of the room!Although impressed by the general appearance and quality of the hotel, I was expecting more of a 鈥渨ow鈥?factor for a London hotel ranked as No 8 on Tripadvisor.Please note that if you are booking online, there appears to be two websites. The main site is www.thesumner.com, but an alternative site www.londonsumnerhotel.co.uk gives discounted room rates!Overall, a very nice hotel in easy walking distance of Marble Arch and Oxford Street with pleasant and helpful staff on the check-in desk. However, I am not convinced it is good value for money, although I would definitely use it again if I could get a discounted rate!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>troublenstrife
<Content>Stylish hotel in great location Good clean hotel with boutique style -great location 5 mins walk from Marble Arch. Stayed in room 107 which is on third floor front facing Upper Berkeley Street . Two nights bed  breakfast cost 拢340 in king room- shower only -no bath. Original sash windows with secondary glazing kept out the worst of the traffic noise - my husband tells me I slept through a thunderstorm so street sound wasnt a problem.Lounge area was very welcoming - the whole Hotel had an ambience of staying with a well healed friend with an eye for detail.The breakfast room was in the basement and part self service style. Tea  Toast was brought to your table  you could help yourself to cereals,continental style ham  cheeses, crossants,preserves, juice,scrambled  poached egg,sausage  beans - dont think I missed anything... Breakfast area could have done with some more air conditioning as no windowsWe read in an earlier review that the poached eggs were like bullets - yes they were more like boiled eggs but the scrambled was perfect!London itself was busy as half term holidays - avoid Oxford Street if you can. Take in Regents Park, take tea at the Ritz (book in advance  wear shirt  tie)  have a stroll round Fortnum  Mason  the old victorian arcades of Picadilly - we walked to all these areas from the Hotel.Go in The Sherlock Holmes Museum Baker Street and have a laugh at the letters he still gets.The hotel kept a list of local restaurants with 15 minutes walking distance which was a welcome nice touch.Thoroughly recomend Hotel  would stay again - maybe next time they would have tea  coffee making facilities in room  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KSRV97
<Content>Incredible Boutique Hotel I was in London for a job fair which was located in Central London.As usual, central London is not a cheap place to stay and the less expensive places are not available on short notice.The Sumner is more affordable than many of the hotels in that area and is a real treat. It is clean, professional, and classy. It was very quiet and accessible to everything. The tube is only a couple blocks away.It is a perfect boutique hotel. Not nearly as pretentious as the hotel down the street where my job fair was located. :)  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>ouchiwoowoo
<Content>Great London Digs Booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. Completley happy and have stayed in many European hotels which have been more expensive with less comfort.Hotel great to deal with via e-mail prior to stay- prompt replies. Quiet room,small but adequate, aware was London . Great air con, lift. Could not beat location- Oxford St, Hyde Park, shopping, V and A museum plus Tube station and more all within easy walking plus good range of restaurants/pubs.Staff great, breakfast above average for Europe- we usually don't eat breakfast in the hotel.Big tick for the Sumner  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>caseymalcolm54
<Content>Warm and Friendly - My Favorite Hotel Experience Yet We stayed at the Sumner Hotel in March while visiting our daughter who is currently attending LSE. Our room was terrific, the breakfast were delicious, and the staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. The last night of our stay, they moved a bed into our room so our daughter could stay with us -- all free of charge. This is perhaps one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. I guarantee you won't be disappointed!Casey Malcolm - Devon, PA  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Always_on_holidays
<Content>Would stay again Having read the reviews on here, we decided to stay at the Sumner for 3 nights in April. We were not disappointed. We had a front room on the 3rd. Good size room, the bathroom was a little small but it is London. The only noise we heard was from the pub down the road late at night on the weekend.The breakfast was great, fresh and slight changes each day.Bed was very comfortable.WIFI worked great, better than hotels were you have to pay for it.Great location, easy walk to Oxford Street. Staff were friendly but you didn't see much of them. Felt very safe, you didn't even know it was a hotel from the front.Would highly recommend and would stay again.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Travel-Fairies
<Content>Great little hotel My husband and I stayed at the Sumner Hotel for two nights. Our trip to London was purely for some retail therapy and a trip to the theatre.We have travelled quite a bit around the world and have visited London on numerous occasions.This little, quaint, homely hotel was perfect for our visit this time.On first arrival, the outside of the townhouse is well kept and inviting. On entering the front door, it really felt as though we were trespassing into someones beautiful home, as there are no obvious signs of a reception desk (this we eventually found in the back room of the house). The d茅cor of the living room and entrance is beautiful. Our welcome was friendly and we were taken down to our room straight away. We were in room 100, which is in the basement of the townhouse 鈥?the path and narrow stair case to the room was slightly disappointing as the grandeur of the entire house did not extend to the basement.Room 100 was spacious 鈥?the d茅cor plainer than the rest of the house, but none the less it was clean and bright and we were pleased. However we were slightly disappointed with the size and d茅cor of the bathroom (it was tiny and definitely did not reflect the rest of the d茅cor of the house) 鈥?it was spotlessly clean.It is a 5/10 minute stroll from the Marble Arch tube station, and 15/20 minute stroll to James Street where you will find loads of restaurants. Location for us was perfect.The location is also very quiet 鈥?our room was at the front of the house and we did not hear anything from the street above. We were up early both mornings and if you are a light sleeper, the noise of staff walking above us on the wooden floor will awaken you from about 6am - this did not annoy us that much 鈥?although if you were trying to have a lie in, this may be quite annoying. The breakfast room is bright and modern. Yes, the breakfast does not have a huge selection (compared to a larger hotel) but the quality and standard is higher than the mass produced breakfasts sitting under warm lamps for hours. Overall, we were very pleased with our choice of hotel 鈥?especially as the cost was fantastic for London.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrcolm
<Content>Will be back Went with my 22 year old son to Chelsea v Liverpool in the Champions League Semi last month. Have stayed in various hotels over the years and never found one that combined good price 拢94 bb, good location, good food and pleasent staff (even at 1 in the morning serving us a drink). We will definately be back here and i have recently recommended it to some friiends travelling to London soon. Keep it up guys....  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hendo_Claret
<Content>Great stay at the Sumner.       Bedroom at the Sumner.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trixi22
<Content>Lovely hotel in a nice neighbourhood Stayed here for one night in a massive basement room which was really quiet. Think it must have been a premier type room as it was lovely, well decorated and very very clean. Checked in early and left luggage when we returned room was ready. It is in a fab area only minutes away from the station. The staff are so helpful.What defo stay here again although when booked I was quoted 拢145 they never added tax onto it so it was approx 拢170 check this when booking but considering the location and the standard was hotel it was a great price  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maestr0
<Content>Fabulous We recently spent ten nights at the Sumner at Marble Arch. It was our first stay at the hotel and can report that it was as good as the reviews in Trip Advisor. Staff were all attentive, helpful and polite. Location is excellent being close to transport and sites. The area was also safe and quiet which is great for tired travellers.This is more like a home than a hotel with comfortable rooms, modern bathrooms, very clean, friendly staff, free internet and a comfortable loungeroom to relax in. The breakfast also was an excellent way to start the day and changed slightly each day for a bit of variety. The staff here also were very friendly and were keen to attend to our every need.Overall I have no hesitation in recommending the Sumner as a great place to stay. We can't wait to return!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobertMNZ
<Content>Excellent value in a beautiful area Charming, very nicely designed and crafted. Small hotel, converted from a Georgian townhouse. Good size room, airy and clean.Small but shiny bathroom. Very good breakfast room. Minimal service but the desk staff are friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>moonlighttravel
<Content>The Sumner is simply the best       King size bedroom  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alexandra001
<Content>wonderful hotel in a great area We have just stayed in The Sumner in London and found it a lovely, warm place to stay in a great area. It is very easy to get around London from this hotel. The breakfast was good food and plenty of it. The hotel did like it's heating but so did most of London - we prefer fresh air. The room was lovely and quite. A great stay.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>itzard
<Content>Pretty good, would come back Stayed here in march. The hotel is perfectly located for shopping and not to far from Soho. It looks really nice and the rooms are very comfortable. Rooms size is reasonable for London.The first room we got was a large room on the first floor looking out over the street. Sound insulations wasn't very good good and the road a bit noisy so we changed rooms. We got a great room on the top (attic) floor. Very cosy and really quiet. Loved it.Very nice manager and a very nice girl at check in, but she seemed it bit distracted and not very professional. When I stood in front of here for the 4th time in less then an hour she kindly welcomed me to the hotel and asked if I wanted to check-in. Mind you, this is a very small hotel. Maybe I'm just very easy to forget.Breakfast was fine, but a bit early 08:00 tell 09:30 and somewhat cramped.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Alison78
<Content>The Sumner never disappoints! I've just returned from my third stay (8 nights this time) at The Sumner in the past 13 months. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The location is very good: three blocks to Marble Arch tube station, yet in a quiet neighborhood. The rooms are very nicely decorated, and good sized (at least for London: one should never expect American-sized hotel rooms anywhere in Europe). Everything (the rooms, common areas, and breakfast room) was very clean and inviting. The beds deserve a special mention: I slept better than I've slept in months! The room rates are exceptional: I challege anyone to find a comparable hotel in London at anywhere near this price.Most importantly, however, the staff is wonderful. Everything went without a hitch, and they are friendly and helpful. Special kudos to the women who serve breakfast: always cheerful and on the ball.I love The Sumner, and I'll defintely be back as soon as possible!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lhf402
<Content>Pleasant central London hotel We enjoyed a one night stay at this hotel. Our room was large and well furnished and the shower with a rainwater head was enormous.Despite being on the ground floor at the front of the hotel, the room was quiet and we slept well in a very confortable bed. The breakfast room was bright and cheery and the continental breakfast was fine - but woiuld prefer real suasages to frankfurters! The hotel is very conveniently placed for shopping. The reception was courteous and efficient.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CanoeCalgary
<Content>Home away from Home Our first trip to London, we stayed the first week of March. Could not have picked a better spot. We arrived from Heathrow, took the express train to Paddington and cab to the Sumner. Fast. This hotel is quiet (we were on the back), spotlessly clean, and convenient to Marble Arch Tube. We felt safe at all times (my wife and I are in our early 50's). One evening we were running late to a show. In 15 minutes we went from our room to the tube and then to Waterloo station with time to spare. Unbelievable. Service was impeccable and came with a wonderful breakfast to start our day (loved the poached eggs and they have very good tea). WIFI worked without a hitch. This hotel delivers what it promises and our expectations were exceeded at a price we felt was fair.We will be back next year.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Belinda4
<Content>Sooo quiet! Picked this after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. It was a good choice...5 mins from tube station. Whole hotel was very clean and well decorated. Staff very friendly and helpful....our shower sprang a leak and they were very quick to get it sorted. Beds were really comfortable and it must have been the quietest London hotel I've ever stayed in...slept very well! Only criticism was that breakfast was not very varied.....after 3 days it was getting a little repetitive. Oh......and tea and coffee making facilities in the room would have been a nice touch. But we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WildCommonwealthBoy
<Content>Marble Arch Secret! We stayed at the Great Sumner from April 5-9,room 101.This was a Deluxe room and was very big in comparison to other European Hotels that we have stayed in.Breakfast was good, free internet,very close to the tube and the Hop On Bus Tour.I recommend the bus tour for all first timers. (As were we)It's not cheap, but what is in London.The hotel is close to 2 local pubs, convenience store,great chicken swarma sp? takeout,Pret with great salads and sandwiches and others too numerous to mention. Please trust me, this is a Great location.. We walked down Oxford St to Chinatown, Trafalgar square. We walked to Harrods and Big Ben.Back to the hotel, the staff were great. Whatever, we wanted they got for us.When we go back to London, this is where we are staying....  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scotties28
<Content>40TH Experience What a fantastic stay. We have just returned after spending five nights at The Sumner to celebrate our 40th. anniversary. It was indeed a memorable stay.We cannot rate the hotel and its wonderful staff enough. Everything was first class, from our extremely spotlessly clean and comfortable king room on the second floor to the most friendly and welcoming staff in reception and in the breakfast room. The buffet breakfast was more than acceptable,with cereals, cold meats and a hot buffet, tea, coffee and toast. More than enough to set anyone up for the day.The location could not be more ideal, only a short walk to Marble Arch with all transport links to anywhere in London.Shopping and restaurants right on the doorstep.We will have no hesitation in recommending The Sumner to all our family and friends. We most definatley will return. Thank you all at The Sumner for the very fond memories of our Ruby Wedding anniversary.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Morty4
<Content>great hotel The Sumner Hotel was fantastic. The rooms were clean and lovely, the staff was friendly, the breakfast was great and the price was perfect.We took our three children, and truly felt at home. I had requested connecting rooms but was told no rooms connected directly. I was a bit concerned before we left that our kids would be too far away from us. In the end it was a perfect set-up.Each floor of the Sumner has two rooms that can be closed off from the hallway..so it was like a huge suite. The hotel lobby feels like a comfortable living room, with great books on London, games for the kids and internet access.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>declansmum
<Content>lovely hotel, great location Myself and hubby were in London visiting family, so decided to have belated valentines break by having a night away from the kids and going to the Comedy Store. I looked for hotel using Trip Advisor and found this little gem, it was no 8 out of all the hotels listed for London, so figured it must be ok.We were delighted with the location, the price, the room, the breakfast and the staff. Just off Marble Arch, it took us about 30 mins to stroll up to Leicester Square, via Regent St. We both love walking around central London so really enjoyed this. The room was gorgeous. We booked a deluxe double and it was really spacious with a massive bed, fully stocked and not overly expensive mini-bar and a fabulous shower.Breakfast was included in the price which is not common in London hotels so a real bonus and it was great. We could only stay for one night, but would love to have been there for a few days, if only for the great shopping to be had on Oxford Street. Having 3 kids under 5, the chance to lie in bed, drinking wine and watching Deal or No Deal on a weds afternoon is pure luxury and this hotel was great. Will be back.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TAS62
<Content>The Sumner was great - would stay there again! My wife, 9-year old son and myself just returned from a week in London. We booked, a king double with a roll-away bed and were very pleased. The hotel is small, but that added to the experience as it has the appeal of a home. And might I add, an extremely clean home. The room was large enough for us; in fact maybe a little larger than we had expected. The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant and the central location gave us easy access to transportation and all the things we wanted to do. Much has been said about the breakfast. We thought that it was a nice way to start the day and was in the tradition of an English breakfast. If folks were expecting a full American breakfast, it's not that easy to find anywhere in London. Sometimes, the difference in a stay can be measured in the little things. In the case of The Sumner, the staff, the hotel's cleanliness and even the Easter treat left in our room on Easter Sunday all added up to make this a place we'll certainly visit again and again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>entrad
<Content>A nice small hotel near Marble Arch I will begin by saying that March, and particularly this cold one, is not the ideal time to be in London, particularly at a hotel where being close to Hyde Park is one of the perks. This is a small boutique townhouse hotel, close enough to Marble Arch tube and bus stops, but in a quiet mostly residential neighborhood. Plenty of restaurants, and close to Oxford Street shopping. London is so easy to get around anyway.Traveling with our teenage daughters, we took two rooms. It seems as though there are basically two rooms per floor in each of two adjoining buildings, so our two rooms actually functioned like a family suite with a door that could be closed to the stairwell and elevator.Our superior double was quite spacious, but our daughters' standard double was small and a little dark, facing the back with only one window. Bathrooms were small, with a pre-fab shower that felt cramped even to me, and I am a small woman. My husband was actually claustrophobic. Everything was spotlessly clean however, and decor was pleasing in a contemporary, boutique hotel-like fashion. Flat screen TV, free wireless internet, adapter built in to the desk outlet - all nice touches. Beds and sheets very comfortable.Breakfast was, in my opinion, unappealing and subpar. Orange juice out of a can.We picked up breakfast from local patisserie after the first morning. Although the street is quiet to begin with, and there are literally two sets of window panes for each window, we had problems with noise - footsteps and voices - from the room above. Front desk staff were sometimes literally not there when we were looking for them, but once they showed up, were quite pleasant and helpful.Overall, decent value, some very nice features. Would probably try to score something a little better next time.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Magpie222
<Content>Adored the Sumner My husband and I stayed at the Sumner at the end of February 2008. I can not say enough about how thoughtful and accommodating the staff was. The room was spacious and even had US plug ins. The neighborhood is excellent for strolling and very close to the beautiful Hyde Park. The price for the location would be hard to beat.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zem22
<Content>Boutique townhouse; good location if you dont mind strolling       hotel facade  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>suuper
<Content>loved it! My mother and I stayed here for a long weekend and we both loved the hotel. The location is very central, close to oxford street and mable arch - still, our room was soo quiet! Stayed in a standard room - a little small as we imagined - but very clean and stylish. The staff is very nice, polite and helpfull, made our experience even greater. Overall - loved it!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>iamshasha
<Content>LOVED LOVED LOVED the Sumner! I just got back from my trip to London with my parents and my sister, and we had a fabulous stay at the Sumner. I stayed in room 104 and although it was on the smaller side (I shared the room with my sister), it was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was also very clean and the shower had great water pressure and I always had hot water. The hairdryer provided in the room worked great too, which usually doesn't happen with hotel hairdryers! The staff were always friendly and very helpful. There is a computer with internet on the main floor that was great, and a little main floor lobby area with couches stocked with magazines. There is also a lift/elevator which was a godsend for how heavy my luggage was! The location near the Marble Arch tube stop was super helpful, as it's only two blocks away so you could get anywhere super fast. Really, my only complaint was that the pillows were very thin, as I like to have a little fluffier of a pillow when I sleep. It was the perfect place for my family, and I would really recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msykes
<Content>Sumner hotel booked a king size room for 3 nights and got a good sized room with very large bed. Shower room on the small side but acceptable. Tthe main disappointment was the breakfast which had little choice. Only two cereals and poached eggs like bullets! Bacon appeared on one day.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>pukekhoAuckland
<Content>Restful comfort The Sumner Hotel was a restful comfortable place to stay. It was so close to Marble Arch yet once we had closed the door, it offered us a tranquil, serene retreat. The staff were helpful and professional, the room was very clean and beautifully decorated with a king size bed. We were particularly thrilled that the room was spacious as we were at the end of our holiday and could rationalise our packing easily. The shower was of antipodean quality - powerful and luxurious. We were thrilled by the free internet, the graceful sitting room where we met up with London based friends and the substantial, diverse breakfast offered as part of the package. We will definitely stay at The Sumner Hotel again and have already recommended it to friends.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steviebDundee
<Content>great hotel Just come back having stayed there for the last three nights.Great location although not obvious where it is so remember the number in the street. Rooms very clean, excellent shower,good minibar.TV fine and beds comfortable. Breakfast good. Nice sitting room with good choice of London guides. Free internet access there as well. Prices reasonable for central London.Would certainly recommend it and would go back.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sophieakkg
<Content>Perfect! I stayed at the Sumner Hotel with my parents, sister and husband. Everything about it was wonderful. The rooms were clean, beautiful, and had comfortable beds. There was free internet access. The staff was PHENOMENALLY helpful. My sister and parents lost their bags on the way to London. The staff helped us to find everything they needed. They even tracked the lost baggage hourly online! They let us use their umbrellas on the way to the store to get new ones. They even held our bags for us while we were in Paris so our cousin in London could bring them to us on the train. The breakfasts in the morning were wonderful. There was an assortment of fruits, yogurts, breads and really great tea. I think it was the best hotel experience I have ever had.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Very pleasant and spacious rooms, a lovely stay!       bed  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Jonny79
<Content>Distinctly average Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor and seen the Sumner ranked as 6 out of over 1000 hotels in London, I was expecting an enjoyable and impressive experience. Unfortunately, the Sumner hotel is distinctely average. Nothing stood out from this experience.I booked a Queen double. The room turned out to be reasonably small and was not actually a double, but two twin beds attached together. The bathroom was perhaps the most disappointing aspect: very small with a tiny shower. In addition the air conditioning was not working properly and cannot be used to heat the room, only cool the room.My other area of disappointment was breakfast. Not only were they unable to offer room service breakfast (an essential part of a romantic theatre weekend away), but the breakfast room was cramped and hot food selection limited to sausages, eggs and beans. Where was the bacon, hash browns and black pudding? No english breakfast on a Sunday morning is complete without these. The only above average thing about the whole hotel was the extremely tasty sausages.Overall, a disappointing distinctly average experience.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>GeeBee200
<Content>Fantastic Find I spent a lot of time researching for the right place, and it was time well spent. After an initial mix up with the booking (apparently Late Rooms had double booked the room), the rest of the stay was perfect. They checked us in 3 hours early and our room was of an excellent size (not just for London, but for any location). Although we didn't have a bath, the shower was great and bathroom modern and stylish. Bath robes were provided and the decor in the whole hotel was calming and pleasingly traditional yet modern. Staff were very friendly and personal. I can't stand the big chain hotels for the impersonal service you get, and The Sumner was a fantastic anitdote. My only very minor complaint was that the Georgian windows in the sitting room (with free internet access) were crying out for a Christmas tree, and there were no decorations at all. Amazing location about 5 mins walk from Marble Arch but in a very quiet little street. Breakfast wasn't amazing, but perfectly adequate.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Doc Mike UK
<Content>Stylish, quiet and very clean My wife and I stayed for 5 nights in December 2007 for a mixture of business and leaisure. Being just a couple of blocks from Marble Arch it is very convenient for Oxford Street but also very near Hyde Park. The staff were delightful - very welcoming and professional. Although occupying a traditional terrace house the whole hotel has new modern decor to a very high standard. There is free wireless internet access throughout and a PC in the lounge for guests. There is a lift but some rooms still require you to negotiate about 10 stairs. We had a second floor double room overlooking the rear and it was amazingly quiet for central London. Even a front room should be quite quiet as the traffic is very light in that street. The bed was huge and very comfortable with a duvet. The bathroom with shower was very good with clean fresh towels. Breakfast was 8.00 - 9.30 in a beautiful basement room - the usual buffet of cereals, fruit juice, yoghurt, toast, fresh bread plus hot bacon or sausage, scrambled egg (a bit tired looking), tomatoes etc. I would recommend it highly.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>EugenStockholm
<Content>Value for money Nice hotel, very freindly stuff!Very good brekfast, maybe a littlebit strange decorated breakfastroom.The hotel standard is good, like a boutiquehotel but not renovated exclusive, nothing wrong with that, thats why the can keep good prices i think.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelGatorFan
<Content>A delightful home away from home       Living Room  Library  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mudhutter01
<Content>Perfection       The sitting room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>MNmelow
<Content>Highly Reccomend the Sumner I spent the Thanksgiving weekend at the Sumner and it was all that the reviews stated. Our room was clean and quiet, and the beds were super comfy!! The staff was helpful, friendly and greated us every time we returned. The internet access in the lobby was great for looking up the things we planned to do each day. I thought that the breakfast was FABULOUS, hot with lots of choices, which is phenomenal that it is included in the price of the room. I was pleasantly surprised that the menu items even changed somewhat from day to day.The hotel had a great list of recommended restaurants, one of which was so memorable that shoudl I return it will be on the top of my list. Make sure to try Le Relais de Venise - the steak was to die for!!! I can't wait to return to The Sumner!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>halfwaySheffield
<Content>A big let down The Sumner is the sister Hotel of the award-winning 5 Sumner Place, and claims to have adopted many of its attributes and practises. We only stayed one night, but were disappointed that it didnt live up to expectations. The room was small, had no drawer space and the designer decorations weren't much in evidence, unless you counted a painted old wardrobe. The flat-screen TV was, strangely, positioned on the wall to the side of the bed, which meant the best view was to be had by sitting on the end of the bed, rather than in it. The buffet breakfast was a big disappointment. OK, this is only a small hotel but the choice was very limited. A choice of 2 cereals, 2 juices (one orange, the other??). A small array of meats and cheese and a hot selection consisting of poached eggs, beans and...... frankfurters. These were awful, and lingered far longer than the rest of a poor breakfast. We asked for toast (no toaster available to do your own) and got one slice of white and one of brown. I'm sure we could have had more, but we couldn't be bothered. Considering what we paid, our worst choice yet in London  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Polarbjorn
<Content>Clean, well-situated hotel in central london       Bedroom view 1  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>solwaydooker
<Content>Good value, good location for London Booked after seeing good reviews on Tripadvisor. London is now mega expensive, so it's good to see a good value hotel like this doing well. It's like an upmarket BB - clean, bright, nice staff. The room we had was small (they do have bigger rooms though), but perfectly OK, after all you're not in the room much. We've stayed in a few London hotels and this is one of the more intimate, in contrast to the nearby Thistle Marble Arch, say. Depends what you're after. The only complaint is that the towels were too new- so a bit sqeaky! Still, better than the threadbare efforts you get in a lot of London hotels.Highly recommended for base to see theatre shows and shops - but don't go and see the Seagull! at the New London, maybe we're thick but Russian symbolism lost us; we did go to see Les Miserables , took us 20 years to get around to it, but well worth it.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Qilah
<Content>Great small hotel My two teenaged children and I stayed for 3 nights at the Sumner from 24-27 November 2007. I have been to London before and had stayed in hotels along Oxford Street and at apartments in Mayfair. I found this hotel from the internet and having read the good reviews, booked a triple room directly with them online. I must say that I made the correct decision. This hotel is small but I liked the ambience. The room was not big but spacious enough for us. It was clean and comfortable. This is important for me. The availability of free internet access and elevator was a bonus. I avoid hotels without elevators due to luggage concerns. The shower facilities were good and toiletries supplied nice. We liked the availability of ironing facilities and hair dryer in our room. The reception staff was friendly and helpful, which we appreciate. It is so close to the Marble Arch underground station and we had no problems visiting sights in London. Being Muslims, food is a concern. But Edgeware Road has plenty of small Middle Eastern restaurants and is only a short walking distance away so food was no problem. We felt safe walking the streets around this hotel, and having Starbucks and Sainsbury's around the corner is also great. My children had no complaints while we were there. I would definitely recommend this hotel to visitors to London. I certainly will stay in this hotel again. Getting a London Black Cab was easy. So transport to the airport was no problem. Notwithstanding the above, I would have appreciated some assistance with our luggage on check-out. Since there were three of us, I didn't ask for assitance but an offer to help carry the luggage would have been nice and appreciated.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sashi10
<Content>Wonderful stay in a great neighborhood November 30, 2007 We've just returned from a six day stay in London. The Sumner Hotel was just lovely. It was in an excellent location, close to the Marble Arch Tube, a selection of restaurants and shops, and nice walking tours. The room was very warm and inviting, and staff was extremely friendly and very helpful with directions and maps. We would no doubt stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sparkdog15
<Content>Great Find in London... Wow, it's not too often that you come across a great hotel, in a good location at a reasonable price (well reasonable for London anyway).Situated on a side street about halfway down the Edgware Road it's about a 10 minute stroll to Marble Arch / Oxford St and 15-20 minutes to Paddington station. There are a few NCP car parks nearby including Portman Square which is at the end of the road the hotel is on (5 mins walk) although NCP car parks aren't cheap so if you're staying longer than 24 hours it's probably not a good idea to drive into and park in London.The hotel has been very recently refurbished - the reception and lounge have wooden/laminate floors, subtle lighting and comfortable furniture. The reception staff, like many London hotels, seem to be eastern european and are very helpful. I didn't need to test their local knowledge but I'm sure they could direct you to a local attraction if you asked.The bedrooms are very well decorated, large comfortable bed, desk and a wardrobe. The room I stayed in wasn't exactly huge but there was enough room for two people although I probably wouldn't want to spend an enormous amount of time couped up in it. The bathroom was only a shower cubicle but it was roomy enough and modern fittings throughout with plenty of hot water.All in all, I'd highly recommend this hotel if you're visiting London - you can stay at the nearby Marriot for twice the price but you'd be missing out on a gem!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>VDonahoe
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I had been researching London hotels for days and luckily stumbled across the Sumner. It was a great find. Our cabbie had a bit of trouble finding it and if you're taking the tube, be informed that the addresses on this street are very odd...they go up one side and down the other. I highly recommend the Sumner. The room was immaculately clean, spacious, beautifully appointed and quiet. The staff was very helpful in general and specifically in recommending transportation options...bus vs. tube, etc... Breakfast was great with many options. I wouldn't hesitate to return to the Sumner. Also, it's a great value in a very expensive city.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mariah77
<Content>Not that impressed We were not impressed with this hotel. After having read the fantastic reviews maybe we were expecting abit more. We were 3 adults and when I booked thay assured me that 3 adults could easily stay in 1 room. Upon arrival, there were 2 single beds and at the foot of them a third bed had been placed. We tried moving the bed a bit further away from the other beds but had no space in the room like that. During the night I usually got the others duvets thrown on to me, etc. It was clean and newly refurbished and the majority of the staff were friendly. One complaint is that on the 2 days out of the 3 the cleaner only placed 1 set of clean towels for us and no extra toilet paper. I can accept that mistakes can happen, i called reception and they immediately sent up 2 more sets of clean towels as well as an extra roll of toilet paper. However, when the same situation occured again on the 2nd morning we were a bit diassapointed. Breakfast was offered in our rate, it was ok but not a great choice and there was only 1 girl there on duty so it took quite a long time for tables to be re-set and for the juice, coffee and food to be refilled when they had finished. The breakfast room was a bit of a dissapointment, it was in the basement and small and had no windows. The location was great however, and it was clean but after having read so many wonderful reviews I think we were expecting a bit more. Maybe we would, maybe we wouldnt return, we have not yet decided on that one. A piece of advice however, the rooms shouldnt be offered as triple rooms, they are not very spacious to begin with so a third bed makes them extra tight.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Ciaran76
<Content>Relaxing stay We have just spent the weekend in the Sumner. I had high expectations as the reviews were very good and I wasn't disappointed. Our flight was delayed and we were late for a lunch reservation so I couldn't check in, I simply left the bags with the front desk and they left my bags to the room. Breakfast was simple but sufficent, enough to kep you going until lunch time. The room itself was large with plenty of space and quiet even though it was at the front of the building. Location wise is was also very good, close to Oxford street and Regent Street. Staff were plesent and very helpful.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RayeF27
<Content>Sumner Hotel a Perfect Choice The Sumner was the perfect choice for first trip to London. Great location just north of Hyde Park, very helpful staff. Nice updated property, clean and quiet, and in great London neighborhood. Easy access to underground and train stations, but also situated for walking to major sites and for shopping. Easy walk to good restaurants and pubs ...recommended by staff. Staying in a neighborhood allows for a real feel of London, and this one was very good. Staff was very responsive before and during the stay, and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Devora18
<Content>New York Style Boutique Hotel We stayed at The Sumner Hotel from Sunday to Wednesday(September 30 to October 3). We booked the largest room and stayed on the main floor. The pictures shown on their website are accurate and the place is newly renovated. There is always an individual at reception and they are a pleasure to deal with. If you have any questions, they are always available to answer them. The owner also takes pride in the Hotel and we met him personally during our stay. We would recommend this place and thank both the owner and the employees for an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VioletEyes00
<Content>The Sumner Hotel--A delightful choice in London! My sister and I just returned from our first trip to London. (We selected the Sumner Hotel based upon Trip Advisor research and positive comments found online.)We loved everything about this little hotel! The location was ideal for us. The Sumner is very near the Marble Arch tube station and within a short walking distance of several bus stops. While the hotel sits on a quiet residential street, there are many places to dine, drink, and shop in a two or three block area. The ever-popular Oxford Street shopping area and the Marks  Spencer store are only a short walk away. We felt quite comfortable while out in the neighborhood. One evening, we returned very late from the theater and walked back to the Sumner from the tube station with absolutely no worries about safety or security.We stayed in two different rooms at the Sumner...both were delightful. Each room had a towel warmer in the bathroom and a hair dryer. (One of our rooms even had a pants press and ironing board!) Big, fluffy duvet covers and quality linens adorned each comfortable bed. The bathrooms were positively spotless! A buffet breakfast was served downstairs until 10:00 am. Fresh coffee and juice were available each morning. Several food choices were also offered including: eggs, meat, cheese, fruit, yogurt, cereal, jams, and breads. Eating at the buffet was a great way to start a busy day of sightseeing.The Sumner Hotel staff was SO helpful. Beata knows the London area very well and helped us plan routes to major London attractions. We were especially grateful that the desk personnel were able to arrange efficient transportation for us to the airport and train station.All of these ammenities came at what we thought was a very reasonable price. We would highly recommend The Sumner Hotel and will definitely return to stay here again on our next visit to London.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mathsboffin
<Content>Great Quality Hotel in a Super Location We stayed here for one night and had a great stay. The best bits are the cleanliness of the place and its central location and its close proximity to Marble Arch tube station. Breakfast was disappointing - items having run out and not quickly replenished and only a very small choice of cereals (2). Breakfast adequate but have had better in other top cities in this price range.Please be very aware of the extremely slippery front entrance/exit when wet. Today it was wet after a shower when we left and my husband slipped twice. He only saved himself by grabbing the rails on the left - a nasty accident waiting to happen.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bds0423
<Content>Fantastic Week! We (my spouse and I) just completed a wonderful week visiting London and staying at the Sumner Hotel. We chose this small hotel based on Tripadvisor ratings and were not disappointed. We stayed in the deluxe king suite on the first floor. Great location, very convenient, perhaps a little noisy being right on the street but it's a busy city and this street is actually off the main roads. Hotel location is within easy walking distance to stores on Oxford Street, many pubs, train stations, tubes and bus stops.The room was clean and comfortable with a WONDERFUL large shower. The staff at the reception desk , especially Beata and Pietre, could not have done more! Friendly, helpful, always anxious to be of service. The only drawback was lack of drawer space in the room which for a 7 night stay was a little inconvenient. However, overall, this hotel was a great choice and we will not hesitate to return and to recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KarenSimon
<Content>A chic hotel A Jewel of a hotel, very chic, beautifully decorated and in a great location, a five minute walk from Oxford Street and nearest Tube. The staff were very helpful and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. Loved the Roses chocolates dotted about in the hotel. You cant just wander in off the street, the outside door can only be opened by your room keycard or Reception, which is great for security. I felt safe walking around outside the hotel, there was a handy local pub a couple of doors away which we visited after the theatre, again felt very welcome. We had a triple room, ideal for friends, although a bit tight if you were staying there for more than a weekend. Breakfast buffet (hot) was very nice and something for everyone. Would deifintely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>londongirl50
<Content>A Wonderful Place! Wow....my friend and I had a wonderful time in the early part of September and The Sumner helped our vacation be a tremendous memory. The hotel provided us with good food, nice surroundings, clean environment, and great conversations. The staff was very helpful and fun. If and when I come back to London, I do and want to stay at The Sumner. Great location, close to transportation (Tube and bus), restaurants galore, shops...just about anything you wish for. I had a fantastic time in London, and The Sumner was a good small part of it. Thank you and I bow to you. Keep up the good work!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bostonweb
<Content>Great experience My fiance and I stayed at the Sumner for 2 nights mainly based upon the reviews on Tripadvisor. Rates were very reasonable (for London standards) at 135 GBP per night (plus VAT tax). We arrived about 6am (friday) the day of check in, but luckily our room was ready!It may be hard to tell from the pictures on Tripadvisor but the hotel is really nice and very well done. The hotel is clean, extremely quiet and the rooms spacious. The beds are are actually two beds that are conjoined, however it's basically like one king bed. Beds were really comfortable and I slept great. The location was perfect for us. It's right next to Hyde Park, Oxford Street, Marble Arch tube stop. It's a bit of walk to attractions like Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, etc but I thought this area was a better place to stay. More restuarants, shoppping and pubs. I would definitely recommend the Sumner. Great boutique hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Armchair-Tycoon
<Content>Best London Location This is a lovely hotel in one of the best locations, especially for shopping. Our room was on the 4th floor, reached by a lift and overlooking the street. Very clean, comfortable, spacious, it had complimentary toiletries by Soames  Gilchrist in the bathroom. and a mini bar that was stuffed full of everything, from wine to chocolate bars, no bottle opener, but we had 2 glasses in the room. There are local grocery shops very close by so you have a choice whether to use it or not. The staff are very nice and helpful and the downstairs sitting room has a computer with internet access for everyone to use, at no extra charge. There are also daily newspapers and lots of magazines and books to read. The breakfasts had a good choice, cheese, fruit, sausage/eggs/bacon. The area seemed quite safe, even after dark there were lots of people about. We will definitely stay here on our next visit to London.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Debs&Mark
<Content>Thanks for the recommendation We were in London last week (mid-week) for an overnight stay. I went on sites like hotels.com to find a room and came across the Sumner. Never heard of it before, so I searched on TripAdvisor and you all said it was fab, so we booked it direct. I have stayed at the Cumberland and the Montcalm before and the Sumner is just around the corner and worth trying to get into - it's only small, so might have to be lucky. Beautifully renovated hotel, really well done. Small gripes: room should have been ready for 1pm, but wasn't. So we went to lunch and had the best fish platter in years in England at a seafood restuarant around the corner. We had one of the rooms featured in their photos - really nice, but lacking pen and paper to jot down notes on the phone to a friend and lacking a bottle opener and glasses to make proper use of the mini-bar. Not the end of the world, but things you'd expect for a 4-star. Room was noisier than I expected from the reviews, but I guess I'm not used to London where traffic never stops and road sweepers/recyclers start early!Breakfast was very nice - very continental and included in the price - a bonus in London. A very nice, friendly and chic hotel. Give it a try.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>cruiser1963
<Content>Fantastic Sumner In my opinion the Sumner Hotel and all of the staff are quite simply outstanding!! The public spaces are warm and inviting and the staff could not have been more gracious.My only concern is if one has mobility issues they only have a few rooms that dont involve some steps. We were in room 208 and the lift took us up to the 4th floor. We then climbed 5 steps. However, I was assured that when booking that the rooms in the lower level and on the ground level do not require steps. In any event help was offered if needed. With the sky high prices in London this hotel offers real value and the breakfast buffet was nicely presented. This will be my hotel of choice in London as long as the current management and staff are in place. Also the room was very quiet and everything was very clean throughout the property.Rick C,Washington Indiana  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pannal
<Content>Perfect short stay This hotel is perfect for a short stay in London for business or pleasure. It is spotlessly clean, the rooms are more than adequate and well above average for central London. The location is good. Very close to Marble Arch underground and with ample restaurants in the vicinity. There is a decent choice at breakfast and the staff are very pleasant and helpful. There is good wireless internet access for free - make sure you ask for the code when you check in. Good value, clean and comfortable, a rarity in London.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>HOL01
<Content>Excellent standard, location and staff We booked two queen size rooms for 1 night (18th Oct).On arriving at the hotel we were pleased to find a very smart and well presented reception area. Although we arrived at midday both rooms had been made ready for our arrival. The bedrooms are finished to a high standard and very clean. After tea and biscuits in the lounge we spoke to Beata on reception into the possibilty of theatre tickets. Within minutes we had 4 front row circle tickets, right in the centre for The sound of music!!!!Wow, what a show.The following morning we had breakfast which was excellent and served in a lovely bright room.All in all this is one of the best hotels that I have stayed in in London including some 5* hotels.If you want a well located, well presented, efficient hotel then the Sumner should be on your list.Finally, to Beata, you are a star! Thanks for making our short stay in London so enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>knnpc
<Content>A Wonderful Stay in London We loved this hotel! It was in a great location--just a short walk to the Marble Arch tube station. It seemed to be a relatively quiet street, although our room was on the inner courtyard, which made for much peace and quiet. They provided free internet access in a large library area downstairs. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms big enough by London standards. The staff was very helpful. Great breakfast. Great Italian restaurant close by. I would love to stay here each time I visit London.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mdarch
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Sumner!! My husband and I stayed at the Sumner for 4 nights in early September as part of our honeymoon. We loved the location as it was a short walk to the Marble Arch Tube (5 mins.) as well as close to the bus stop(s) so we could get anywhere we needed to go very easily. Also, the neighborhood is very quiet, which was nice.The room was very clean, the staff was extremely helpful whenever we asked them for anything and the breakfast was certainly quite adequate to get the day going (eggs, beans, fruit, cheeses, coffee, juice, croissants, ham or bacon).When we arrived for check-in, our room was not quite ready so the receptionist on duty provided coffee and tea and cookies for us to eat in the downstairs living room. Also, for our last night at the Sumner, they provided a small bottle of wine for us to share with a congratulations note to us since we are newlyweds. It was a nice touch.The price was very good for London in my opinion, and I would love to stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yogadance
<Content>great value, good location Just read reviews from others, I would like to add that the triple room is huge, stuff members are very helpful. We got to the hotel before 9:00 am and was able to check in right way!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SarahCambridge
<Content>Excellent value in central London The hotel, an elegant converted townhouse, is in a quiet, very central location near Marble Arch tube station. Our room cost just under 拢150.00. It was small but comfortable and well equipped. The shower room was also small but it was bright and modern. The public rooms are stylish - the whole hotel has been recently refurbished. The staff were helpful, friendly and efficient. A varied breakfast is included in the price - this was quite good though not outstanding. Still, overall this hotel offers excellent value for money and thoroughly deserves its high tripadvisor ratings.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loafer64
<Content>Perfect Location! Great Hotel! I write this review of our stay at the Sumner nearly three months after we returned home to the U.S., yet the memory of our wonderful stay at the hotel remains as strong as the day we departed London.There really isn't much we can add to other stellar reviews other than to say that one runs out of superlatives when recounting our stay at the Sumner.The staff was fantastic -- booked all of our dinner reservations as requested prior to our arrival, our room was excellent and the location was ideal.We have found a home in London and will stay there any other time we decide to return.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2H's
<Content>great stay at the Sumner + good location to all the main sights, newly renovated, clean/comfortable/efficient, great wireless internet, breakfast was ok, staff was very good/friendly/helpful, overall excellent value for the money in London = we chose the Sumner mostly based on Tripadvisor feedback ...the feedback was bang-on! We had a really good experience at the Sumner and will definitely return, I may even consider staying here on business for my next trip to London  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tracker400
<Content>Excellent Home Base in London This is a great place to be when in London. If you just want to do your own thing and not have to deal with crowded lobbies, elevators, and want a solid, no-nonsense place to be in London then this is where you want to be. It's very low-key. When I was walking to the Marble Arch tube I would pass the big and modern Cumberland hotel and was just so happy I wasn't staying there with all the crowds and doormen. The Sumner is perfect for independent travelers who want safety, quality, service, and to be away from the crowds and other people. The breakfast was very good. One example of service: I accidentally put the do not disturb sign out instead of the clean room sign. we came back from a day of siteseeing and the room wasn't cleaned. I called down to the front desk and the room was cleaned immediately. that wouldnt happen at a large hotel. also, the free internet in lobby was perfect.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lrwmom
<Content>The Sumner is Awesome My husband, daughter and myself stayed at the Sumner from August 20th through the 26th. We were very happy with our choice. The people at the front desk were very helpful. Several mornings we had early tours and it was no problem getting breakfast a bit early. (cereal, milk, fruit, bread) The hotel is designed to give maximum privacy- as we got off the hotel on the second floor we had to walk up a short flight of steps into an alcove and there were only two rooms in this area. We had a room with a king and a cot for my daughter. The cot was very comfortable (we were a little concerned about that). For a London hotel room the size was pretty good. The location was great. We were right around the corner from Starbucks (which doesn't open till 7:00 for those of you used to a cup of coffee really early) and within walking distance of many really good restaurants. We ate at the Bombay Spice twice- absolutely delicious. We were also a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch Tube station as well as stores to buy water and snacks. The room was clean and well kept. The bathroom is not huge but quite functional. Storage for clothes was not tremendous but we had enough space for three people's clothes for a week. The hotel has a lovely sitting area downstairs with a computer available for use. There is also free wireless access. Overall, we were very pleased with the Sumner and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tkool59
<Content>Great hotel Tripadvisor reviews steered us here and we were very pleased with this property. Great location for anything you want to do. Hotel was very clean, staff was great, and breakfast was very good. Rooms and beds were fine-everything is quite new. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Karen1002
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!!!! Booked this hotel after reading the reviews, I was taking my mother to London for the weekend to shop and take in show and sightsee, so needed to be central.Found the Sumner no problem off the tube station from Marble Arch, short walk away from Oxford street.First impressions were amazing, the hotel is beautiful and immaculate, we arrived at 10am and weren't due to check in till 12, receptionist took our bags to look after until we returned later in the day.When we returned later at about 4pm we were shown to our rooms and our bags had already been taken down for us. The room was the basement room 200 opposite the breakfast room and accessible by the lift. It was wonderful and not at all like I expected. air conditioning and immaculately clean and bathroom nice size with tub and powerful shower and the usual complimentary shampoos etc. Also nice fluffy white towels.The exterior door is closed and accessible by your room key card which is good being in heart of London.Next morning the breakfast served was wonderful and all you can eat and lots of selection which set us up for the day sightseeing, we checked out early and again left our bags for safekeeping rather than trail them with us around london, we returned at 5.30 and collected our bags.Overall our stay was fantastic and the staff very freindly and helpful and always willing to help and give a smie.I would definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cookie43
<Content>Great Hotel The Sumner is a terrific, quaint, elegant little hotel just off Oxford Street. We were immediately impressed by the ambiance of the place. Very quiet and mellow, very modern. The front desk was exceptionally helpful, the room was clean, the beds comfortable, the traditional English breakfast was also good. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. We had an online rate of 100 pounds. Great Deal!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nomadicbiztravel
<Content>Great Stay at the Sumner Staff was super friendly and super helpful. Breakfast was good, and a good deal to be included in the price of our stay. The Hotel lobby, dining room, and our room were immaculate. Beds were comfortable. The room was a good size for London standards and noise was not a problem. Oh yeah, free hi-speed internet and bottled water was a plus.The neighborhood was quiet and about 5 min walk to the underground at Marble Arch. Very convenient location. One item to note, the streets between the underground and the hotel were dimly lit at night. Not really a problem, but may make some uncomfortable. However, we always felt safe walking through the area night.Overall, I felt we paid a bit more than we wanted to to stay here, but we did not regret it at all because we had a very comfortable stay.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FourDogFamily
<Content>Excellent Our family of four stayed three nights at this lovely hotel. It is very clean and well-maintained. Beds were very comfortable and rooms were a good size. Air conditioning in room was working properly as was the lift.The breakfast is very good. Not excessive, but certainly enough variety for our 10 year old and 17 year old.The hotel is about three blocks from the Marble Arch tube station.I have no hesitation endorsing this hotel to families or singles. In fact, I will probably be staying there again as a single in the near future.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cougar66
<Content>10 Perfect Days and Nights... After much internet research and searching...my 14 year old daughter and I settled on The Sumner Hotel, in the Marble Arch neighborhood of London. The website and all communications with the hotel front desk pointed to a beautifully appointed room, quiet and convenient neighborhood, delightful staff and wonderful breakfast...we were never disappointed. We can't wait to go back!We stayed for 10 nights this June and would most definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a beautiful, small hotel at a reasonable price. Not only was the tube station around the block, but we had our choice of excellent neighborhood restaurants, a multi screen movie theatre, and a short walk to Shakespeare and the Open Air Theatre in Regents Park where we saw the most beautiful rose garden and had a delicious before show dinner, Madame Tussauds was also near by, as well as Speaker's Corner and Hyde Park.Go and enjoy! TM  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sillias
<Content>Wonderful Small Hotel A gem of a hotel in London. Affordable (by London standards), accessible, sophisticated decor, 24 hour service, US plugs in the room (major asset), spacious by London standards, intimate, tolerant of children, great breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>T-Lockyer
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel We stayed at the Sumner Aug 13 - 18, 2007. The hotel was very modern with excellent facilities (i.e. plasma tv, AC, Internet Access) and great service from staff. Hotel was very conveniently located (five minutes) to Marble Arch, Subway and fantastic shopping of Oxford Street.Strongly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a modern, friendly, conveniently located hotel at a reasonable cost.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TheBattlePs
<Content>Good Location Nice boutique hotel well situated just off Oxford Street. and near Marble Arch so Hyde Park is close, if you need some fresh air.We had a superior room that was very clean and really could not be faulted. Breakfast was OK by UK standardsThe hotel overall was exactly what we were looking for - well situated, comfortable, clean and modern. We would stay there again as by London standards it was good value.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Marms&Elms
<Content>Boutique Boutique We stayed here for three nights in July in the more modern style room. Overall we were very pleased with the choice as it gives you what you expect of a boutique hotel - limited number of rooms, a more private personalized feel, and in this case spacious rooms (by London standards) and a great location being a two minute walk from Marble Arch tube station and the start of Oxford Street.I was a bit worried at first that my room was on the ground floor and hence with the road outside but it was actually ok in terms of noise. The bathroom was also a plus with a very spacious shower.This hotel was value for money (again by London standards!) because at 150 pounds per night you would not be able to find much else in the same area at the larger chain hotels and they almost always will have a smaller room. The breakfast included in the morning was fresh and well made and although my girlfriend and I always showed up at 930 or 935am (it closes at 930am) the accomodating staff always brought out additional fresh food and did not ever make it seem like the placed needed to be closed.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>chibottom41
<Content>Upscale and Clean, Clueless Staff The room I stayed in really did look like the photos, quite nice and new. My room faced the back so it was very quiet, but even the street side is not very noisy.Breakfast was plentiful and tasty. Check-in was easy.The staff was surprisingly clueless about the neighborhood. I asked about a cafe for a quick bite at 9 pm and the clerk had no idea where to go. Another time I asked for a close-by book store, and the clerk directed me to a store that had been out of business for some time.The immediate neighborhood is almost entirely residential and an easy walk to the Marble Arch tube, Hyde Park and Portman Square. Not many restaurant choices, but there's a convenience store about 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>allergymom
<Content>great for family Based on other reviews, we stayed at the Sumner for 4 nights in June with extended family and were not disappointed. We booked a king room for more space to accommodate an extra bed for our child, which can be difficult to find in London at the Sumner's rates and quality. I can only echo other reviews in the comfort and cleanliness of the rooms, relatively peaceful and convenient location (including a grocery store within a block), and friendly and helpful staff. Definitely will stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JBM335
<Content>Outstanding Boutique Hotel We stayed at the Sumner for a week in late June, 2007 after a recommendation from a friend. Charming boutique hotel, with great central location in London. Loved everything about the hotel, including breakfast, quality of room, terrific shower and bathroom.The staff was so accomodating, we felt like we were staying in our own private B  B. They helped us with everything - taxis, dinner recommendations/reservations, theatre tickets, jazz club tickets.Perfect hotel for us. We'll defintely stay here on our next trip to London.John, Tempe, AZ, USAjbmay@cox.net  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amaklo
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel We stayed at the Sumner from July 2-5. This was our first trip to London so I researched many hotels on the internet before choosing this one. The taxi driver didn't know where it was and fortunately we had the street address because the only indication it's there is a small plaque next to the front door. The hotel has about 20 rooms in a converted townhouse. The configuration of the rooms is unusual, at least by US standards. We were in rooms 203 and 204, which were reached by taking the elevator to the first or third level (reception is on level zero and there is no stop on the second level) and walking up or down a few steps. It's not a problem for anyone who can walk the stairs. The rooms were sizeable and very comfortable for two people. Breakfast was included every morning and it was more than sufficient (eggs, bacon/bangers, beans, cereals, breads, cheese, juice, fruit, coffee or tea). The staff is excellent. The location was a couple of blocks from the Marble Arch tube stop and very convenient. We throughly enjoyed our stay at the Sumner and recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelduobb
<Content>Delightful and affordable jewel in London My husband and I stayed at the Sumner in early May for 6 nights as part of our 25th Anniversary celebration trip to London. We booked the Sumner just two weeks before our departure (prior arrangements at another location had fallen through), and Justina, the receptionist, was so accommodating and booked us a room that was perfect for us (#8). A recent renovation of the property has produced a lovely boutique-style hotel with a homey, welcoming feel. Our room was reasonably spacious by London standards and certainly more than adequate. The best part was the excellent and comfortable beds and pillows, great showers and the fact that everything was new and therefore in pristine condition. The rooms wisely include plugs in various voltages that precludes the need for adapters (so smart!) as well as a hair dryer, substantial, fluffy towels and a room fridge that was great for storing water and other snacks.The staff was extremely accommodating and friendly. Breakfasts (included in the room rate, another plus in pricey London), was quite generous and a great way to start a busy day of sightseeing. Offerings included eggs, breakfast meat, beans, cold sliced meats and cheese, fresh fruit, toast, croissants, coffee, tea, juices, yogurt, cereals --- quite comprehensive by any standard. The location was an easy 3 block stroll from Marble Arch (Oxford St) and the Marble Arch tube. The neighborhood itself was semi-residential, so noise and the usual city hustle-and-bustle was kept to a minimum.All in all...we highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>horadam1
<Content>Very charming boutique hotel This small hotel appears to be fairly new. Everything wasspotless and contempory. Although the rooms are small, they were more than adequate concerning that most people don't spend too much time in their hotel room in London. The bathroom has a fabulous shower and the bed was extremely comfortable. The staff was accomodating even though we strolled in after midnight. The complementary breakfast was better than a typical continental breakfast(fresh fruit, toast to order, coissants, yougurt, meats, cheeses, eggs, sausage, andcereal. The location is close to Marble Arch which is centrally located. I plan on staying at this hotel when I return to London.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>2TravelerBees
<Content>Kicked out of our Reserved Room!! I would have loved to share everyone's glowing reviews here about this hotel, as I had booked it for one night, but had tried several times to extend my stay. Although we were unsuccessful to extend our stay, we thought would at least be able to spend our last night of vacation relaxing at this seemingly beloved hotel. We checked in our bags early in the morning and were told that our room was not available until noon time. We didn't return until about 5 pm at which point, we were told that our room was not available because there was no water in the room, and that we would have to stay at another nearby hotel which was supposed to be comparable. No assistance was initially offered to help us to the hotel, and we were told that we had to invoice The Sumner for the difference in funds b/c the hotel they booked us in was more expensive than The Sumner. No compensation, reduction in fees, credit was offered. Simply, you will need to go b/c the room is not available....that along with an apology. No call was placed to us even though I had given out my cell phone to them when I had tried to extend my stay previously. They provided my credit card information to the other hotel without my permission despite EU's very strict privacy rules. Water could not be restored to my room despite the 5 to 6 hours they had to try to fix anything. To top it off, the room they booked us in was not comparable whatsoever. The room was very dirty, noisy (with a concert nearby), not a boutique hotel like The Sumner had advertised. This is a far cry from what I was expecting and unfortunately, I am not able to recommend The Sumner.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eihtball99
<Content>Absolutely Charming! The Sumner Hotel was a very pleasant surprise, upon our arrival into London. It is a small, boutique hotel located just behind the Marble Arch, in Westminster. Location: The location is great. Just a few blocks from the tube's Marble Arch station, we were able to get anywhere in metro London in just minutes. There are a few pubs and a lot of middle eastern restaurants, nearby.Customer Service: The employees were very nice and accommodating. Justina was very friendly and helpful.Room: Our room was on the first floor, and was pretty good size, with a king-size bed, tv, desk and mirror. The bathroom was one of the best I've seen in a hotel. Huge tile shower with an overhead waterfall sprayer. Also, the hotel is on a quiet backstreet, so we rarely heard anything more than random cars and people.Extras: Breakfast is included, and while it wasn't a five star meal, pastries, juice and tea are always a nice start to the morning.All in all, we were VERY pleased with the Sumner, and were somewhat disappointed with the hotel we checked-into, in Paris, as it just didn't measure up to the Sumner.I highly recommend this hotel for the price, value and location.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>World_Traveler_0000
<Content>What a great hotel My girlfriend and I stayed in a double room at the Sumner for two nights in May, 2007. The location was perfect, near the Marble Arch underground station. As far as the hotel and the room, this was definitely the nicest/most modern of the 8 hotels we stayed at on our Europe trip: LCD TV, modern bathroom, and very clean. The breakfast in the basement was also fantastic, with cereal, fresh fruit, some cooked items, etc. My only complaint concerned some loud Karaoke music we heard from outside on the first night--but reception said there was some sort of event going on in Kensington Park that night which may have been to blame. Assuming that is true (and there isn't a Karaoke bar a few doors down) I suppose I can't fault the hotel for that. While nothing in London is cheap, staying at the Sumner seemed like a good value for my $ compared to other hotels I researched. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristinayee
<Content>Great hotel! My husband and I stayed here in February of this year. Overall, the hotel was pretty much perfect. The only downside would probably be the room size, but that was not an impediment to enjoying our vacation!LOCATION - the hotel is located near Marble Arch just off of Oxford Street. My husband and I are somewhat conflicted about the location, but in the end, we think it was a good choice. The hotel, although located just off Oxford Street, is a good walk (short tube ride) from the real heart of the City, Bond Street, Picadilly Circus, etc. On the other hand, it is centrally located if you consider that Notting Hill, Knightsbridge, etc. are to the west and southwest of the hotel and Hyde Park is just at your feet. Admittingly, we spent most of our time to the east and southeast, so being closer to that area (say Mayfair) would have worked out better. That being said, the hotel is NOT in a bad location. My husband and I walked just about everywhere, so the location was suitable.PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION - the hotel is located a short walk (about 3-4 blocks) from the Marble Arch station on the Central Line. While convenient, the Central line is not the MOST convenient line to be on. We did quite a bit of transferring. Not a huge deal, just something to consider.ROOM - definitely small, but that's to be expected in London. My husband and I didn't stay in the room very much at all, we basically used it as a sleeping base, so a small room didn't matter much to us. If we anticipated staying in the room a lot (who does that in London), then it may have been a problem.RATE - we paid 85 pounds per night excluding taxes. Total, we paid 300 pounds for 3 nights, including taxes which equals about $197 per night USD. While not generally cheap, definitely the best value for the city we were in! The location was good, the hotel was brand new and clean and it included a free breakfast which was a bonus.BREAKFAST - breakfast was good. it included eggs, sausages, beans, cheese, cereal, juices, etc.GETTING TO THE HOTEL - we flew into Heathrow and took the 15 minute Heathrow Express ride (29 pounds one way, each person) to Paddington Station (runs every 15 minutes) and then from Paddington Station, we took a taxi to the hotel. Paddington Station is only a mile from the hotel, so the taxi fare was minimal. Between my husband and I and the taxi ride, the cost of transportation was about 65 pounds. This is probably about equivalent to taking a taxi directly from the airport, but it was a lot faster. The tube would have been the cheapest route, but likewise would have taken a while and with luggage, would not be ideal.INTERNET - there is one computer with internet access in the downstairs common area. We never had a problem getting on to use the computer. We also brought our laptop since there is free wireless internet in the rooms.SERVICE - everyone was very nice and helpful during our entire stay.ALL IN ALL - an excellent choice for our stay. We had a wonderful time in London and the hotel was perfect for our needs.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wigtonjohn
<Content>a top class small hotel As someone who has stayed in hotels in London regularly over the last 10-15 years this was definitely one of the better ones. As an all round experience I could not fault the standard of accommodation, the decor, the breakfasts or the friendliness/helpfulness of the staff. The hotel's location is excellent; only 5 mins walk from Marble Arch tube station and less than that from the Edgeware road restaurants  bars. Our rooms were well proportioned, comfortable and very clean with air conditioning that worked (not always the case in London). We also had 3 great night's sleep - uninterrupted by street noise -this is something special where hotels in London re concerned.I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely be back.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marpha
<Content>Boutique style at a great price! This little hotel offers boutique style at a great price, and a very convenient location just off Oxford Street to top that. My room was quite small and slightly impractical (nowhere to hang your towels and no safe) but these little lapses or imperfections are easily overlooked due to the utterly charming nature of the property itself and the staff that runs it. The breakfast, although very simple, is served with care and good service. It really feels as if you are staying as a guest in a London townhouse rather than a hotel. A very sympathetic and relatively stylish haven in Central London. I strongly recommend.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pocok
<Content>Great value We stayed only 1 night at Sumner but we really liked it a lot. Location is perfect, hotel staff is kind and polite. We stayed in a king double. The bed was extremely comfortable, duvet and pillows just like at home. Entering the hotel you can already feel how tidy and neat it is. The bathroom is spacious and amenities are good also.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>soprissimon
<Content>Will stay there again! I have stayed at the Sumner Hotel twice now and found it to be a great value! It is clean w/lovey decor and a nice breakfast. The location is great for dinners out in Marylebone or a walk though Hyde Park to Notting Hill. And close to the Tube which is great too. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I read a previous review where someone complained about the mini bar only having water. I think this is the funniest thing to complain about. Within a 3 minute walk of the hotel, there is a darling Italian market and other conveniences. Mini bars just allow you to spend money on overpriced items!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bordracer
<Content>This is a fantastic Hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights in April '07. We really liked it a lot! The location is great, very centrally located within London, and just about three blocks to the Marble Arch tube station, which is located on the Central Line. Its also just about four blocks to Hyde Park. It is a small hotel, located in what appears to be a renovated townhouse, and you almost feel more like you are staying in a little apartment rather than a hotel (but the rooms are hotel rooms, with a little fridge). The front desk staff were very nice and accomodating. The room was also very nice and sizable, with a flat screen tv, and a desk, along with a mini fridge. The bathrooms also look like they were recently re-done with a nice marble sink, however our room did only have a shower (no tub), I dont know if other rooms have tubs. They also have a nice breakfast included as well, with eggs and toast and beans and cheeses and meats and cereal... basically everything you'd want to start you on your day. Essentially this hotel is an excellent, pretty, well located hotel and we both enjoyed staying here immensly.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>touchofklaas
<Content>Great location Really nice small hotel, chic BB. Well located near to marble Arch. Good value for short stay.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>thebucketwoman
<Content>Great Deal Excellent customer service at a great price! Townhouse small hotel, like a B  B, very modern and clean. Good-sized room with dreamy beds. Central heating made it too hot in the room, but the window opens. My room was quiet and at the back; the front rooms were noisy due to pedestrians walking by . Breakfast included, but the menu is the same every day (not a fan of bacon and baked beans). Tea/coffee 24/7 for only 1.5 pounds. I spent under 900 pounds for 8 days. Ride from LGW (Gatwick) by hired taxi from hotel was 85 pounds. Suggest going through Heathrow, which is closer and cheaper. Walking distance to Oxford St shopping, Marble Arch, and Hyde Park. Staff was very solicitous and always cheerful.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DaveTravel
<Content>The reviews helped       Oustide view  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DrtMrtni
<Content>Cool Gem @ Marble Arch       Twin Beds joined  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kokwlw
<Content>Nice and spacious       King size bedroom  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sollentuna
<Content>The best we have seen in London Our experience of hotels in London has until now been quite bad. But it has changed now.Due to:Good location very near Oxford Street.Very very nice newly renovated clean rooms (not very bit though).Two rooms chosen for our family according to our requirements that fitted us perfectly.Very nice staff.The breakfast was not huge but still one of the better we have experienced. Attentive and thoughtful.When in London next time we will return!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MrSmithPortsmouth
<Content>'So' recommend The Sumner I have spent the last 20 years in staying in London hotels for both business and pleasure. It is such a refreshing change to have found a Hotel that has 'True London' character with all the refinements that go with 5* luxury.The decor is so opulent, the fixtures and fittings are the best I have seen anywhere. And as for breakfast...I want breakfast in that room every day...it is so refreshing  vibrant....!You can't even find a better location. It is so convenient for all Public Transport, but there are so many car parking spaces available all the time. Amazing for such a central area.What makes this place even better are the staff. I cannot thank them enough every time I stay.This is the only Hotel I will use when in London. The only problem I can see, is it's just so good, hence becoming so popular, I might not always get in...!!!I normally refrain from recommending any accommodation to people as I never know what their expectations are. However, I have recommended this to so many now and everyone has said it has been superb.Many thanks.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wad66
<Content>Sumner Hotel is in a great location We went to London for the first time for a 3 day stay and chose this hotel based on a recommendation from a friend. The location was perfect for catching transportation (buses, tube) to all of London's main central attractions. Some of them were even within a short 15-20 minute walk! The hotel was very clean and the rooms well maintained. The rooms were a fair size (especially by European standards) and quiet for the most part. Breakfast was served every morning and each guest had several items from which to choose.The staff was excellent is addressing any need we had and contacted a taxi so that we could get back to the airport on time. I would definitely stay at this property again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>vittt
<Content>perfect place... I felt like home. The best thing for me apart from the beatiful decoration, the lovely room, the nice bathroom, the kindness of the staff, was that when you arrived at the hotel you didn't feel like you were in the middle of such a big city like London. It's a perfect place to relax and enjoy London. Thanks again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Puffieeee
<Content>High Tech  This is a cool hotel. It marries high tech with style. Lifts to the rooms (almost no heaving luggage up narrow stairs), no keys to juggle (its a card system that is placed in front of a sensor), flat screen TV. Excellent location 3 min away from the marble arch tube and oxford street shopping. The service is genuinely friendly and competent, and the decor tasteful. They speedily located a manicurist for me along oxford street despite being busy. Its modern-victorian, sort of old style with a twist. Many lovely and unique spaces in the lobby and lounge that one can relax in , with internet access, a selection of books, a fireplace and view of the street. Good microspace creation manipulating light.I suspect the windows are soundproof, coz my room was totally silent! The bed was kingsize and very good, I slept like a baby. The bed must be something because I sleep on Simmons at home.I would recommend it highly :)  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>capdellatraveller
<Content>Super comfortable bed!       Bedroom at the Sumner  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>CanadianTravellers77
<Content>We were disappointed We'd always wanted to stay at the Sumner in S. Kensington but it was sold before we had the chance. We were happy to see it in a new (albeit not as desirable) location - the reviews here were good and the hotel looked lovely on the website. However, we were fairly disappointed.The decor is relentlessly modern - looks lovely, and everything is new, but it's not very practical. The chair in our room was so low it was a challenge to get out of it. The bed platform took a big chunk out of my shin in the middle of the night - lots of blood and I now have a scar - as it's got sharp corners that are unprotected by a mattress. We had a King bed, but since it would have been a design sin to have a king duvet (I guess it would spoil the aesthetic to have the duvet hang over the edges of the mattress) to stay covered you have to stay closer to the middle of the bed, thus defeating the point of a king - to sprawl out in a big bed.The toilet was positioned so that if you didn't sit far back, you'd burn your knees on the radiator which was directly opposite in a tiny space.Great chunks of sloppy caulking in the shower will result in some major mildew growth down the road, and the towel rail will almost certainly start pulling out of the tile wall.The ceilings are lovely and high with very nice moldings and are painted a lovely soft warm grey. As I say, everything at this writing is still nice and new.Breakfast was really good one day (great sausages) and not so good the next (rock hard eggs and weiners instead of sausages! We joked about eating weiners and beans for breaky).Something which really ticked me off was the lack of a bath in our room. I need to have a bathtub and so I had emailed the hotel a few times to confirm that our room would have a bath and shower. We even booked a higher category room to ensure we'd get a bath, and I have the replies saying of course our assigned room had a bath. Yet the room we were assigned on check in had no bath. When I brought this up with the woman on duty, she said she was sorry but this was the only room they had available. NOT IMPRESSIVE. The room did have a lovely big shower with all sorts of nooks and crannies (which served no purpose other than to look cool), and the overhead shower head was very nice, but I was not satisfied.We did not feel the hotel's location is that great. The nearest tube station is Marble Arch. It's close, but it's not a convenient stop as it only has the Central Line - so be prepared to transfer a lot. If you plan to spend lots of time on Oxford Street then the hotel is well-located for that, and there are some nice small pubs close by. The area has many, many small cheap hotels and BBs in it.If you like the Marylebone village area for shops and restaurants, it's within walking distance. We got a pretty good price for this hotel, and it wasn't a totally bad experience, but it was disappointing. We go to London every couple of years. We'll definitely return to the city but we will not return to The Sumner.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>tashy50uk
<Content>Lovely New Year's Eve in London Booked this hotel on strength of reviews on this site.Hotel is located just off the Edgware Road and a short walk to Oxford Street, Selfridges, Hyde Park etc.The hotel is in a fairly quiet street. it is 2 converted town houses combined to form a hotel of 20 rooms so a nice size, not too big. The decor and furnishings are very modern, clean but welcoming. The lounge downstairs was ideal for a pre New Year's Eve drink -take your own there is no bar!We went with my wife's sister and husband who are used to the finest hotels around the world and they were very impressed. My sister in law described it as a country house hotel in the city which sums it up very well.We had booked deluxe rooms but i am sure the standard ones would be fine. Room wa slarge with lovely decor. The bed has to be the most comfortable ever in a hotel and after a heavy night it was a real struggle to get up.Breakfast was OK. Some hot food plus fruit, breads, etc buffet style.Staff were very helpful and polite.Overall, highly recommended.(For New Year's Eve we ate at Rodizio a Brazilian restaurant in Bayswater. Great fun and good value. Try it but get a table downstairs it was just too hot upstairs as this is where they chargrill all the lovely meat.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>traveldreamingCA
<Content>splendid oasis within the city! Joined my daughter and her friend at the end of their 3 month European adventure, which they spent in hostels and low-budget properties. Knowing that London starts at expensive and goes to outrageous, I tried to find a nicely located hotel with at least a 3 star rating (the Sumner is 4 star) and didn't break the bank. This place met, and exceeded, our requirements, not to mention our expectations!We spent 4 nights here after a rather disappointing 3 night stay in a budget property (more like a hostel so we could accommodate an additional friend for the first part of our visit). Our first impression was WOW!, as the lobby/living room is certainly an oasis in the very hectic, crowded city. The staff was quite gracious and professional even before we arrived, as they corresponded with me and made various reservations, etc. prior to our stay. They certainly didn't disappoint in any of their assistance. Check-in was a breeze.Our room, large by European standards, was scented of lavendar as we opended the door. The bathroom, though small, was adequate for three women. The beds were remarkably comfortable, as was the living room furniture. The breakfast was delightful, differing slightly every morning, and served with a smile. And free internet helped the girls catch up with friends and email before heading back to the US.Over all, the Sumner was a splendid way to see London, close to shopping, sightseeing, and dining. I will return and recommend this hotel to all family and friends. Enjoy!(PS: the hotel reserved a car for our early morning trip to Heathrow and it was $50 for all of us; and they came to our door, loaded the luggage, and dropped us at our gate! What a deal! Will definitely do this again!)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trishydish
<Content>Perfect hotel We'll stay here on every trip! The hotel is in a great location, close to Oxford Square and a tube station. It was SO clean and simply decorated, plenty of room and super comfy duvets. Very quiet too. The staff made the trip for us. They were so nice and helpful. We wanted to stay another night but they were booked. They actually helped us find another hotel. (The Darlington was horrible compared to The Sumner, big disappointment). They also helped us with coach reservations to Canterbury even after we'd checked out. They couldn't have been nicer. They also put an internet booster in the stairwell so that I could get good wireless access in our room. Breakfast was great too and filled us up for a good part of the day, saving us money in this expensive city!The hotel made our stay!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dchen666
<Content>Luxury and Location for a Great Price I've been to London 3 times in 2006, and stayed at 3 different hotels each time. The Sumner Hotel was my most recent stay. For the price (100-150 pounds), the Sumner is an excellent hotel. It's not the best hotel I've stayted at, but this price range is the hardest price range to find a decent hotel in London.The Sumner has nice rooms, a great location, friendly staff and an excellent breakfast.The Room:I stayed in a deluxe room, which is now called the Superior King, for 140 pounds a night including breakfast. The room was quite large for London (the 12 foot high ceilings helped) with a king sized bed, a small desk, a small refridgerator, a flat screen tv on mounted on the wall, a wicker bench and an armoire. The decor was modern and minimalistic. Not my taste exactly, but it was nice nonetheless. The room lacked a dresser, so unless all of your clothes hang, you pretty much are living out of your bag.The bathroom was small but functional. The bathroom only had a shower stall that was a tight fit for one, but it also had a great shower massager! The room and bathroom were very clean overall. My biggest complaint about the room is that the room (on the 2nd floor) faced the street, and every single noise outside could be heard rather clearly. It's not that bad since Upper Berkeley (pronounced BARK-lee) is a remote, generally quiet street.The big plus about the Sumner is the free wireless internet. London hotels generally charge 10-20 pounds for in-room internet access, which is not a nominal fee considering the weakness of the dollar. So this is a bug plus if you are travelling with laptop in tow. However, if you're travelling on business (like me), this is not the best place to be as their is no business center with printer/fax/copy capabilities (although I am sure could get that done by the staff if you needed). They do have a generally-available PC with internet access; this too is a plus as most hotels will charge a few pounds for 30 minutes access to a PC with internet.Breakfast:If you are a fan of strong coffee and English breakfast (runny eggs and some kind of meat - generally sausage), then you will be a fan of the Sumner's breakfast. Personally, I thought it was fantastic. They also have fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, oatmeal and pastries. It's a great way to start the day. I am not sure how much extra the rate is with breakfast included, but it was worth it to me.Location:The Sumner is two blocks due north of Marble Arch station, which is at the tail end of the shopping district along Oxford Street. Selfridge's and MarksSpencer are within walking distance (or a quick bus ride), and Bond Street is walk-able as well. Marble Arch is on the Central Line, which is convenient if you are focusing on Central London. If you are going anywhere else, you'll need to transfer (not a big deal, but not as convenient as some other stations).The Sumner is also a 5 mintue cab ride (about 10 pounds) from Waterloo train station, so if you take the Heathrow Express to Waterloo and then a cab to the Sumner, it'll take you about 45 minutes and cost you about 25 pounds (this is a bargain and it's quick).The one downside to the hotel is that the area around Marble Arch severely lacks decent restaurants - even if you're looking for a quick bite or something casual - the choices are very limited. Staff:This is a boutique hotel and has more of a family-owned feel to it. I did not interact with the staff very much, but they were very friendly and helpful with the few things I did need. Overall:The Sumner Hotel is a great hotel for the price - it has nice, large, clean rooms and is in a good location convenient to most of Central London. You really can't get such luxury and location for under 150 pounds in London. However, if you can afford a few pounds more, I highly recommend the Park City Hotel (in the 150-200 pound range). It's in a better location and more luxurious for the price. My other stay this year in London was the Renaissance Chancery Court, which is absolutely fabulous, if you can afford the 300 pound/night room fare.My final word on the Sumner is that you can't go wrong if you stay here. Are there better places to stay? Absolutely, but the Sumner is rare in that it offers a great, luxurious place to stay at an incredibly affordable price.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>JustbackfromZante
<Content>Nice hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JKP_SEPtravellers
<Content>nice hotel, great location My husband  I (from Chicago) stayed at Sumner for 4 nights. Being near Edgeware Road, Marble Arch and Oxford Street, this location is wonderful. The Bond Str. and Marble Arch tube stations are nearby and beautiful neighborhoods are steps from the door. We've stayed in London a number of times, at fancier places (including Browns and The Langham), and this is definitely one we'll go back to in the future.The room was big, the service pleasant and breakfast adequate enough to get you through the morning. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>M&M-0511
<Content>99,80% score !! Just returned from the Sumner, we stayed there just for one night. Looking for a nice hotel we finally booked this hotel based on previous revieuws. We booked it directly on the sumner-website, (discount, final total amount was Epound 116!!) the smaller room.The space between the end of the bed and the wall is not very wide, but wide enough to walk. Room is 100% clean and wonderfull decorated, it is exactly like the pictures! Provided with a large wardrobe, good bed (it's higher than normal, lenght of the bed is ok; husband is 6.2 feet no problem), clean carpet. (I always hate it when there are strange stains on floors in hotel rooms). Nice and clean linnen. Bathroom is adequate with a very nice shower ! Minor thing was the temperature; too hot!! Which was easily altered by changing the airco and opening a window. Another small minor thing was the breakfast-room; it's pretty small but no one had to wait to be seated. But these two issues are the only negative points about the hotel. Hotel is located in a very nice and save location. Staff is indeed very friendly; they checked our flight (Heathrow fog) and we were allowed to leave our suitcase behind in the hotel the next day, for a couple of hours. Everything with a sincere smile.We will definitely return here !  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PoshHotelJunky
<Content>Stunning!       LCD TV  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>larover
<Content>Very Good Hotel For The Money Stayed here for 4 nights and found it to be a very good hotel for the money. I do think that it would in fact be hard to beat for the money. The hotel is close to The Marble Arch tube stop which would not be my first choice in London but it was relatively close to theatre, Harrod鈥檚 and Chelsea which having been to London before was what I came for this time. Also being Marble Arch the restaurants were alittle cheaper than in other areas which the few times we ate in the area was nice.The hotel has a very nice parlor or sitting room with a computer and free internet. The computer will print out documents to the nearby front desk printer and there is no charge. The sitting room also has a sofa and several chairs and guide books to London. It is right at street level facing the street so you see people walking by and cars which I enjoyed. There is also a gas fireplace in the sitting room which makes it very pleasant. We had tea and biscuits served to us a few nights in the sitting room for a very nominal fee which was very very nice.We had the king bedded (larger) room facing the street. Everything about the room was quite nice鈥︹€?comfy bed, decent pillows, very clean and flat screen tv. The tv was in an odd spot, on the wall to the right of the bed, which made watching it a bit of a strain. The chairs in the room were not terribly comfortable. I would take exception with a previous reviewers comment that there were only 2 items in the mini bar in that it is not actually a mini bar. Rather it is a refrigerator for guest use in which they provide one flat and one fizzy water I believe at no charge. Diagonally across the street is a grocery store, which always seemed to be open, where you can buy whatever you want, at decent prices, and put it in the refrigerator. There is no gym however there are two Marriot鈥檚 nearby where you can use their facilities for a fee (the older one at Marble Arch has better facilities as it has been redone) although at both hotels they didn鈥檛 charge me鈥︹€t seemed to be more trouble to the staff than it was worth.I do agree that the walls are very thin between the rooms and that would be my only major criticism. We could hear the guests next door using the toilet which was somewhat of an annoyance. When there were loud guests in the room next door we heard more. I would not recommend this hotel for younger people who might want to stay out late and go clubbing and then sleep in the next day鈥?you鈥檒l disturb people coming in late at night and I do think it might be difficult to sleep in although we did sleep from 11AM to 5PM one day because of jet lag with not much trouble.A full breakfast at this price was a nice addition. I have had better hotel breakfasts but also worse and for the money I thought this breakfast was quite nice鈥︹€ggs, meat, cheese, cereals, juice, coffee, tea, cumber slices, scones, muffins. A very friendly staff and guests made this quite a nice stay. From the moment I called the hotel from Los Angeles with help with finding the best Indian Restaurant in town that we would enjoy (top food with friendly service and relatively informal) I knew I made the right choice. That restaurant was Chutney Mary鈥檚 by the way which we really enjoyed.I would probably return to this hotel if it continues to offer such good rates. There is a lot to be said for the small boutique hotels in my book, where there are friendly staffs and nice communal rooms. However if the rates rose by a fair amount I would be tempted to check out some choices in Covent Garden and the Kensington area.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rca215
<Content>Good experience The Sumner was more or less as I expected, which is a good thing. The hotel is clean, decently located (close to Marble Arch tube), relatively spacious (as far as London goes) and has a great staff. The price was very good as well.The only outright negative was the too-thin walls/ceiling, making it hard to sleep in (if that's your choice). I wasn't a big fan of the breakfast, but others seemed to enjoy it. The wireless internet could have worked a little better in the room, but the fact that it was free entirely made up for it.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mcshan
<Content>New favorite hotel in London I booked this hotel online and expected a nice place, but the Sumner was a fantastic new find. The rooms were comfortable and stylishly decorated, the bathrooms were modern, the beds extremely comfortable, the breakfast very tasty and the location is great. Would stay here again definitely and totally recommend. I would say you can't get better for the money for a boutique hotel in London right now.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alan93
<Content>A very comfortable stay A lovely five night stay at the Sumner. Prompt service, nice breakfast, good sized room, contemporary furnishings, everything very clean, very tasteful. A sedate boutique hotel with nice detailing. Easy walk to tube stop, to Hyde Park and to shopping in Marylebone village. One watchout...my partner and I were first in a room on the basement level. The room was huge (even had a nonworking fireplace) if somewhat underfurnished. However, the bed was right under the first floor drawing room and computer table, so lots of walking and chair moving overhead late at night. The next morning,the hotel gladly moved us to a top floor room. It was a little smaller, but quieter and still very comfortable. Would definetely stay at the Sumner again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>olivepopeye
<Content>Great boutique hotel I agree with other recent reviews. The hotel was gorgoues and very London! The rooms everything you needed. They were modern, comfortable, spotlessly clean and the staff were incredibly helpful. The breakfast room was very sweet too. My only comment would be that a twin room is just a king bed split into two, not two doubles as I thought it would be.The pub two doors away was fantastic and it was great to be able to have a quick beer or dinner by yourself in a genuine London pub 30 seconds from the hotels front door. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stegan
<Content>Very nice, not perfect Did only stay for one night, so my experience is limited. Positiv; Location is good for al the touristy places and Hyde Park which is great anyway. The decor is quite nice if not that cool. Big bed! Quite ok bathroom. Free internet. Very helpfull and nice concierge...Negative: The minibar contented only 2 bottles of water, that's it! I thought this was a mistake but when I called the consierge he confermed that was normal. Not a big thing, but I wanted a coke... Internet worked very slow if at all (wifi). Bed was very big, but not very good. The bathroom is small for the price.All in all I liked the place, especially the 篓living room篓. But after reading all these amazing reviews I was a little dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>fabri
<Content>a pleasant discovery in London jungle I stayed at Hotel Sumner four nights on business travel. Find a decent and not very expensive accommodation in central London is not an easy job. I read some reviews on Trip Advisor and then I chose to try the Sumner thanks to its location, two minutes' walk from Marble Arch tube station. And I did not regret of my choice. The hotel has a cozy, familiar atmosphere since you step into. Enjoy the sitting room giving on to the street. It's really pleasant.My room (Queen Double Room for single use) was clean, well equipped, with LCD screen, and surprisingly silent. Bathroom is clean and functional. The receptionists are friendly and ready to help you with information (there is also a list of suggested restaurants on a desk), as well as the lady serving breakfast which is situated below groundfloor. Breakfast is not very English as you may expect but it is totally enough (especially for an Italian), with cereals, pastry, toast and scrambled eggs. Pastries were not fresh. But nobody is perfect. I recommend the Sumner Hotel for a short or long stay in this crazy fascinating city  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Leesh77
<Content>The Sumner is excellent! I just got back from a trip to London, and loved the Sumner. The staff is extremely efficient and courteous (and make good restaurant reccommendations), and the hotel itself is pretty much brand new and everything you could ask for for 99 pounds a night. The rooms and bathrooms are a decent size - and everything is sparkling. The beds are extremely comfortable -which maybe isnt such a good thing - since it made it harder to actually get up! Ha. ha. Each room has a plasma TV with digital cable which also made it hard to leave the room as TV in the UK is quite addicting. The shower was a nice size and had great water pressure - and yes, there are Gilchrist and Soames soaps and shampoos in a cute little basket in each room!The breakfast room is modern and adorable, and the English breakfast that was included was definitely enough to fill you up.The lounge is comfortable, and has a computer for your use, and almost every London guidebook that is out there....and as for location, you can't beat Marble Arch - and The Sumner is literally a 3 minute walk from the Marble Arch tube station...and Hyde Park!I would definitely reccommend staying at the Sumner, and I would gladly stay there again - as I almost was sad to leave! It really is a perfect little hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>c.h.s.p
<Content>Modern, cozy, comfortable hotel       entrance  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RHJ
<Content>Unbeatable London Hotel       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michal_C
<Content>Polish hotel Very good service quality and very nice and helpfull stuff - all of them are young polish people.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JSchuessler
<Content>Exceptional Service -- Great Location       Flat panel TV and desk with International power options in Std. Double.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>D0c
<Content>Great small hotel   showReview(6022693, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JPDanenberg
<Content>We loved our stay at the Sumner!   showReview(6018815, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gocanadago
<Content>Love the Sumner   showReview(6010946, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smskater
<Content>Wonderful hotel   showReview(6007518, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>2smiles
<Content>Charming Hotel   showReview(5980894, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BRtravelers
<Content>Sumner is Great!   showReview(5901704, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kdig
<Content>Surprised with the Quality for the money!   showReview(5884527, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theartgirl
<Content>Excellent value   showReview(5817247, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebbagels99
<Content>Lovely Hotel       Our Room (king bed  a cot)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ejl804
<Content>New/Nice/Convenient   showReview(5421371, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fsca99
<Content>ottimo piccolo hotel   showReview(22999626, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situado en un barrio...   showReview(21418000, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cescuzza
<Content>Ottima scelta!   showReview(17562880, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BrooklinStuttgart
<Content>Super alternative f眉r London "TOP"       Bett Zi. 201  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Minni66
<Content>Proprio come a casa   showReview(11479981, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Raphahell84
<Content>Un peu d茅cu par la chambre deluxe       Chambre sup茅rieure 102  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

