<Author>bauertime
<Content>The only place to stay in Sydney This is a hotel which makes you feel a million $$$$. It was a little hard to find as the lane to enter the hotel does not feature on the main city maps but once you get there, you kind of like it that way. Reception were very welcoming and efficent. Our room (an establishment room) was a very well thought out space combining bedroom and bathroom with a shutter door between. it looks better than it sounds. The views werent amazing but what can you expect from a city centre hotel. While at the hotel we ate ate their sushi bar, which was very trending and The Pony Restaurant in the Rocks. Both very good.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marc_on_TV
<Content>Want to be a rock star...STAY HERE! OK, so here is the cool thing...if you stay at the hotel you get to walk through the bar and the restaurant which are hard to get into then walk past the serving area into a special elevator and whisked up to your ultra modern room with massive shower and huge tub. This place took care of us, a little hard to find the front door at first, but once we got there we slept like fat and happy babies.The sushi restaurant wasn't the greatest, but the care from the hotel was worth it.They treat you like a celeb, seriously...as a hotel guest you are the A list.Well worth the trip.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Snorrido
<Content>So cool! Stayed there for two nights in sept 2007. The stay was perfect, location was good and everything about the hotel was so cool. So if you麓re aiming for a hip stay in Sydney the Est is it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Madbenjoel
<Content>Hidden Gem in Sydney The hardest part of staying at the Establshment is finding the entrance which is off an alley however once you arrive it is all good news from there. I have stayed twice for business and the rooms have been quite different but both were very comfortable and funky.The staff are very helpful and the hotel is at the back of the Establishment Bar and restuarant which is a great place to go for a drink and a meal at night. The location is also great being in the middle of Sydney. I would recommend this hotel to anyone heading to Sydney and I will be staying there from now on for all my trips.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ellemay
<Content>A fun place to stay !       Establishment Hotel - room  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Daxidel
<Content>Indescribable The Establishment is even harder to explain than Blue. It is understated and eye-catching at the same time. The jagged bottom of the building is scorched brick up to about 7 feet, and the top is modern glass and metal. It is decorated minimally in light neutral colors. There is incense burning in the lobby. There is an abstract-artsy type metal waterfall in their breakfast room. My room was understated (in a tasteful way) but high-tech. The telephone doubled as some kind of room control computer. I know this because the porter checked my room temperature and turned on the (highly efficient) vacuum fan by pressing a button on the telephone. Every light in the room was on a dimmer-switch that could be controlled by switches by the door and probably by telephone. Also if I got up in the middle of the night, I could touch the telephone and it would light up so I could find the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and there was a huge flat screen TV. Service was outstanding. At my single request at the front desk, they brought up cappuccino and oranges within 5 minutes after my wakeup call, whenever that was. They escorted me to my room whenever I went up, although this may be because my elevator card wasn鈥檛 working right. The receptionist called to determine if I needed help getting to dinner on time and came up to my room to help me put on a necklace. And most people in Sydney already know this: They leave big delicious chocolate and chocolate-chip cookies on your bed every day. I had been told by Fodorites that there was no view from rooms in the Establishment, but when I entered my room the first time, I asked the porter to open the shades anyway, expecting to see brick walls. I did not see brick walls. What I saw was amazing: the well-lit fifth floor of a full office in busy mode. You see, outside the Establishment building there is a narrow alleyway, and then the next building, which was almost all glass. There were very busy offices in this glass building. I was told they were offices of a bank. The many personnel there paid me no attention although they had to see me, unless they were in a different dimension. I had brought binoculars, and considered using them to read their computer screens and whatever memos they were frantically running around with, but I was afraid I might be arrested. Highlight: Est restaurantEst, a restaurant in the Establishment, is locally famous in Sydney, and is frequented mostly for important anniversaries and birthdays. I opted for a fixed five course meal. I had wonton soup 鈥?(they didn鈥檛 call it this), pate鈥? the mini Australian lobster they call a bug, a lamb chop served with veggies, and a large cheese platter with quince paste and of course that plate of homemade mini candies and cookies that such restaurants like to bring, just in case you are not completely full. As expected, the food was excellent and nothing unusual happened.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Raf1966
<Content>Perfect Room This was my second visit to the Establishment, this time on my own. I arrived in the evening and the check in was quick even with a new receptionist on duty. I like the personal touches as they take you to your room and show you around. Its friendly service but they let you get on with it. The rooms are just fabulous. Huge space to be in. Good internet connection, loads of room for clothes and gear and a bathroom to die for. It's not often you get a decent bath in a hotel but this is right up there. The cookies are yummy too if you fancy a late night munch.A word of warning. If you stay on a Saturday night expect massive thumping noise from the nighclub below. So bring earplugs or just go and join in. The breakfast is lovely and you get a peaceful wake up in the garden restaurant. The bar is rowdy and only if you're in the mood. Hemmesphere is much more laid back and fun to lounge around in. The Sushi bar is sublime...Sydney's answer to Nobu and well worth a visit. Just make sure you book in advance.The location is excellent for business or pleasure. 5 mins down to the Rocks or Circular Quay and the same to Martin Place or Town Hall for the train.Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Opalnera
<Content>When Can I Move In????       Garden Bar  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>LabelleLondon
<Content>Great bathrooms My husband and I stayed at The Establishment in March 2008 for 1 night. It was our second visit, our first being in February 2005. On both occasions, we absolutely loved the hotel. Special mention must be made to the bathrooms, they are huge and very luxurious with a lovely bath in the middle of the room and an enormous shower at one end with the largest shower head I've ever seen. The bedrooms are spacious with a great sound system and flat screen TV and the beds are incredibly comfortable. We found the front desk staff and porters really friendly and helpful.We also visited the bar downstairs and had a cocktail before heading out for dinner, again the staff were really friendly and served up a great cocktail. After returning from dinner we visited Hemmesphere, the cocktail bar at the top of the hotel, again we encountered friendly staff and great cocktails. The only problem we had during our stay was that we spent so long in the shower we flooded the bathroom slightly which in turn went into the bedroom, not a massive flood but we informed front desk about it when we left who were very apologetic and said they would have it checked out.I would highly recommend this hotel. It may not have the amazing views that other Sydney hotels have, in fact it doesn't really have any views, but everything else is so perfect and for A$280 per night, it's well worth every cent.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>teambloopy
<Content>Great Urban Getaway My husband surprised me for my birthday by booking a night's accommodation at the Establishment Hotel. We found the service to be very friendly and thought that the room was spacious, modern and well presented - the way the old building has been refurbished as the hotel is quite impressive. The views were nothing to speak of - straight into the offices across the way and overlooking the rubbish buns of the lane on which the hotel is accessed - but these are easily blocked out. We liked how we could easily access the other parts of the hotel also which made it easy to get to Hemmesphere and Sushi-e where we enjoyed some outstanding cocktails and a fabulous dinner. The only downsides from the experience was the overpriced and overcooked breakfast in the morning (although sitting in the garden bar was very pleasant in the morning) and the clock in the room being one hour slow which meant we were almost late to check-out (lucky we checked the time on our phone).  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>peregrination1
<Content>A semi-satisfactory business hotel at the very best We stayed at the Establishment for our wedding night and the evening after and were bitterly disappointed. They were informed numerous times that it was our wedding night and they didn't even bother to turn the air-conditioning on, much less do anything special. The water pressure in the bath was so bad that we didn't bother waiting for it to fill and just went to bed. Est. restaurant, pretty much the only reason we were staying here was closed on a Sunday evening, something we were not informed of until after we booked, and the room service menu was very, very poor with a choice of very few bland, American friendly meals. I'd say this was a satisfactory business hotel, although when I travel for business all I ask for is a bath, a movie (there are no movies on demand, just bad blockbusters from the 90's you can request from reception) and a decent room service meal, none of which The Establishment provides. This hotel is boutique only in that it lacks services, and like most Merivale establishments is all about the predictable east-meets-west decor and style over substance. Boring.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AtlGlobeTrotter
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel My partner and I took a trip around the world and made Australia our first stop. We considered many hotels in Sydney before selecting The Establishment. Boy did we make the right decision. We knew we would be arriving in Sydney from America around 9AM in the morning. Therefore we booked our hotel room for the night before to ensure we would NOT have to wait for a 3PM check-in. We were initially told there was no record of us requesting a room for the previous night at which point I was prepared to make a lot of noise. Lucikly for them a room was available and simply had to be cleaned. We went to the restaurant to have breakfast as they prepared the room. This was the only snafu during our stay. Beyond this.....everything was sensational.Our room was simply stunning. We both love the modern style and were not disappointed with The Establishment. The room had a very soothing color palate and a very large bathroom. An extra bonus were the Bose speakers and receiver which allowed us to plug in our iPod and have our room filled with music.The restaurants associated with The Establishment are some of the best in the city. We enjoyed breakfast each morning and on our last night dined at their exquisite sushi restaurant. The concierge treated us as if we were the only guests in the hotel. They were so, so helpful with arranging tour guides and providing assistance with everything we needed.If you want a great hotel, great location, great concierge and great restaurants.....then The Establishment is the place for you.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WarwickshirelittleL
<Content>Great, but discreeet location!       Entrance  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelafficianado
<Content>OK...thin walls!!! Somewhat difficult to locate. Boutique and funky edge appears to be loosing its luster. Front desk staff double as porters and concierge and appear quite thin on the ground. Also the desk staff did not seem very well informed about restaurants etc. A request for a rollaway bed had to be made multiple times. The air conditioning was less than adequate for the muggy Sydney weather. The rooms are otherwise ok but if you want to use a hairdryer and a mirror at the same time this may prove challenging. We ate at the restaurant Est, just ok and did not live up to the hype. the bars were crowded and very loud on a Friday evening. We slept poorly as there was a very active couple in the next room, which honestly at times felt they were in the same room. Also the street noise was annoying. I understand the carpeted rooms may be quieter. All in all, I would not stay again and would probably go with the Westin or similar.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shazam7
<Content>Funky Luxury in a Handy Location I was very impressed with the Establishment, especially with the quality of the room. The decor and ambience was simply stunning and it has to be one of my most memorable hotel stays.Some people will find the party downstairs in the bar a major drawing factor, but as for me, I am happy that the noise did not creep upstairs. The cookies at night and the free broadband are goodies as well.The minor annoyance that I have:* lobby is difficult to find, both by taxi  feet. Walking back at night, you have to walk thru a dark alleyway or walk through the extremely crowded bar.No view-it didn't bother me but some people don't enjoy looking out the window into the back of another building.Old fashioned CRT TV - come on, this is a funky place! What happened to the plasma TV?  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bel80
<Content>Boutique/warehouse style in a great location Having been to Sydney more than a few times, and frequenting Establishment bar and Hemmesphere, we decided to stay at the hotel for once, and we were very surprised! The room had sort of a Japanese/boutique/warehouse feel to it. You enter the room, and the bedroom was very long, with lots of storage space and big desk. Slide open the doors at the end of the room and you enter the bathroom, with a walk-in shower and separate bathtub in the centre. Toiletries were from Bulgari - we loved the soap.Although hard to find the main front door (we arrived through the bar) the location is great - a brief 10 minute walk gets you to Circular Quay for all the ferries. A further 5 minutes from there you're at the Opera House. in the other direction, 10 minutes gets you to the famous Queen Victoria arcade (and my favourite The Strand Arcade - for designers such as Bettina Liano, Alannah Hill, Lisa Ho, Zimmerman, Farage, etc). And because you're on George Street, there are plenty of buses to various places like Bondi and Oxford Street. The Japanese sushi restaurant at Hemmesphere is a must! But be sure to book! Unfortunately we didn't get to try Est. but we have heard many people give great reviews. Hemmesphere is my favourite place to lounge and relax. They even sell their own compilation CD (up to series 5 now). A block away from the Queen Vic building is Bacasse. Do try their lovely modern tasting menu!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>NBJP
<Content>Great hotel and fantastic location       Great Bathroom !!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>susiek61
<Content>Private        from the bed area  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ATLWorldTraveler
<Content>Great Experience... Exceptional Service! This was our first visit to Sydney. The Establishment suites and even more so its staff made it into a memorable one. Our suite was spacious and beautifully appointed with a bold modern look. The hotel offers 4 restaurants, a bar and one of sydney's trendiest night clubs all in the same facility. We thoroughly enjoyed the mojitos at the bar, breakfast and lunch at the main restaurant, sushi dinner at the Japanese restaurant. We appreciated less the thumping noise from the night club over the weekend. But above and beyond all that, the staff made us feel so welcome and at home with friendly and useful advice and ideas on where to go and what to do. They also arranged an excellent guided tour for us to the Blue Mountains. This hotel is certainly a place we would love to go back to!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pommie01
<Content>I can't fully express how good this place is - "fantastic" isn't close !       My Establishment room  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>daslondon1
<Content>Loved it and will stay here again Stayed here for the best part of a week when i was in Sydney for a wedding. Staff were exceptionally friendly and service was first class. Room fit out is great with large bed and Bose stereo though CRT rather than LCD tvs let it down and there are no views other than into office buildngs. With the harbour on your doorstep who cares? Huge bathrooms with large bath, tropical rainshower and double sinks. Hotel gym small and not massively equiped but enough for a simple workout.The hotel bars are great and get busy at weekends. All in all a great hotel and one that set the expected standard for me for boutique hotels.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ozbox
<Content>Beautiful hotel       The Establishment Sink  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>squirrelone
<Content>Great room interiors Stayed here for one night recently. Normally stay at the Westin but thought we woulod give this a try. The room interiors are amazing being an old building been refurbished. The bathrooms are better than most hotels I have stayed in and the room we were in was quite large with a nice sitting room and bed. The bed was a queen and did seem to be a bit old as we kept rolling into the middle during the night.We ordered room service and it came very quickly and was very good. Breakfast in the Garden lounge was also very nice (though I asked for boiled eggs and was advised they didn't offer that even though the menu said eggs any style), however the pancakes were good. The bar downstairs was heaving with workers on a Friday night and was not really a relaxing place if you just wanted a drink. We left after one cause I felt like it was work for me but if that is your scene then the bars at this hotel are great.The one downside is the noise. We were over the bar and though no noise from it people leaving did make a lot of noise and woke me up (and I had jetlag and am a heavy sleeper). Also early in the morning the garbage trucks seemed to have endless bins emptying with glass bottles. This is a different hotel than a big chain so I did not expect complete silence but if you do then don't stay here.I would probably go back cause I like the architecture of the building and would like to see more of it. However I would not recommend it if you are wanting a big hotel chain experience.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kuu_travel
<Content>The best hotel of our round the world Honeymoon We are just back from our honeymoon and I wanted to review this hotel as it has been one of the highlights of the whole trip only competing with our weeding night hotel in Helsinki (check hotel Glo if you go there).I found the hotel because I read some good reviews in travel forums and even it sounded great on paper I was a bit nervous as Sydney was a special place for us in this trip and I wanted the hotel to be up to it, but as I did not know the group I was not sure it was going to be so good. Fortunately not only we were not dissapointed but found it nicer than expected and my husband congratulated me because it was really a nice surprise to him.The hotel is really modern, chic and nice and full of special touches. The entrance in a back street is a bit strange and at the beginning we were a bit surprised and a bit worried but on the plus side it adds to the feeling of discovery and place reserved to a few and if you do not like to go in from there you can always get in and out through the bar entrance and stop for a drink in your way! The lobby is nice but also a bit strange as it gives you more the feeling of being in a club lounge.The staff was really friendly and check in and out was very smooth. We only had a small problem as we booked a parking space and when we arrived with the car the places were full but they finally found and extra place.The room was big with a very nice modern and minimalistic decor, a comfy bed, great stereo, a domotic system through the phone to control temperature, do not disturb sign, the lights... very nice to change the mood of the room from the bed. As a night snack instead of the classic chocolates they left two gigant chocolate cookies every night that were truly fantastic.The bathroom was also great (especially the huge walk in shower -there is also a big bath tub if you prefere- and the Bulgary amenities) and could be comunicated with the room if wanted.The only minus point was the lack of a view as it faced the back stree and the surronding backs of office buildings a pity in such a nice city but the location of the hotel was very central and handy.Breakfast was included in the room rate but it only included Continental, not the cooked menu options even the price was almost the same. That was a bit of a problem as we where staying 4 nights and the continental selection is of a very good quality (freshly squeezed juice, greek style yoghourt, fresh fruit salad...) but very limited (only bread with butter-marmalede, cereals, fruit salad and pastries but not salty options). When we asket the front desk they say we should negociate it with the breakfast manager and we could finally change at least for a day to have some nice fresh pancakes, but it was a bit annoying. Another plus of the hotel is the set ot restaurants and night clubs attached. Normally we are too tired after a long day out to go out at night but here you have a nice trendy bar just downstairs so it is great four a drink before going to sleep. We where twice in the main bar to check the salsa, and back to school nights, both very animated and fun and we spend a third one in the upstairs lounge that was nice with relaxing music but the atmosphere was a bit strange with to many men waiting for women to arrive and keep then company.If I go back to Sydney I will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Jen19146
<Content>Loved This Hotel       Room 2  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovestofly76
<Content>Establishment Hotel We booked through Mr  Mrs Smith, who we鈥檝e used with great success in the past for European hotels from their guidebooks, so we were pleasantly surprised to discover on their website that they now feature hotels as far a field as Australia! We were made to feel special from the beginning of our trip, during our stay and right to the very end of our departure from the beautiful Establishment in Sydney. We received the Smith membership benefit of a bottle of champagne, VIP treatment in the hotel鈥檚 nightclub and on request the added benefit of a late departure from our room so we didn鈥檛 have to rush when we were packing for our long journey home.The hotel is wonderfully modern and beautifully designed. The staff were so helpful and the city of Sydney and its inhabitants are so hospitable. Such a great getaway down under.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RosieFlynn
<Content>Great personal hotel I've just left the Establishment, having stayed there for 11 nights for business.I found the hotel great and by the end of my stay was really sad to leave!This is a small hotel that is part of a sort of complex (I use this word loosely), of bars, restaurants, night club - all of which you can indulge in or not - your decision and the hotel is kept seperate from the facilities.Room: I stayed in room 54 and it was great, plenty of space, good facilities, great bed and internet access was free of charge.Turn down service was very thorough and the cookies each evening are dangerous for the waist line!Towels and linen were devine, one thing I dislike is hotels that use bad versions of these, and it certainly didn't feel like the case here.Without a doubt one of the best rooms I've stayed in while on a business trip.Location: This was my first time in Sydney, so I was unsure of the distances between the tourist attractions and also the different neighbourhoods. So it was a pleasent surprise to find that the hotel was in the perfect spot, just a few minutes walk to Circular Quay, Harbor Bridge, Opera House and add 10/15/20 minutes onto this for Darling Harbor, Oxford St, Darlinghurst.Hotel Facitilties: As I mentioned the hotel has a number of bar's and restaurants that, as a guest you will have access to. I didn't venture in to any of these, mainly because there was much to see outside of the hotel!I did access my room via the Establishment Bar a few times, and although is a beautiful bar to look at with amazing architecture, the whole place felt like a bit of a meat market and just not the kind of bar I woudl hang out in...but if that's you thing then it woudl be perfect!There was also a small work out room which you could access at any time with the your room key. I went a number of times and was always the only person there, they have free weights, treadmill, bike, crosstrainer, swiss balls and soem other bit and peices. If there are any keen runners I was reccomend the route from Circular Quay, past the Opera House followign the water around to the botanical gardens and then cut through there to get back on to Bridge street - such a wonderful route with amazing veiws!Staff: I found everbody I encounted really friendly and helpful and I'll stay at this hotel again without hesitation.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>weemebelfast
<Content>not great....       hotel  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>JWEdinburgh
<Content>Wonderful hotel in downtown Sydney Stayed in one of the black and white rooms - dark wood floors, exposed beams and white walls, for 3 nights in March. One of the best looking rooms we have stayed in for a long time (so much so that my girlfriend had to video the room as soon as we got in it because she loved it so much!) Staff were very friendly and helpful at check-in but almost non existent at breakfast - we went down one morning, helped ourself to the continental offering and no one came to take our order for tea/coffee and hot breakfast - no one in 25 minutes of waiting! The hotel rooms are an add-on to a very trendy bar complex with a huge main bar, a smaller cocktail bar upstairs, two restaurants and a small bar next to hotel check-in (and a nightclub we never tried). All the venues are amazing and full of Sydney's beautiful people, however this leads to a lot of noise outside in the early hours - think they should invest in a bit of sound proofing - both the windows and doors are inadequate for the job so don't stay here unless you want to hear the action as well. Great place to be if you want to feel like one of the cool people but don't come expecting a quite, relaxing time.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>Suzara
<Content>Loved this hotel The cab dropped us off in the Establishment bar, but staff were helpful guiding us to the hotel entrance. Our room on the fifth floor reminded us of the St Martin鈥檚 Lane hotel rooms in London, but better. The bed is fabulous with lots of pillows, the lighting and decor is very sleek and modern. The appliances are tucked away and the whole place looks and is clean. The bathroom has his and hers sinks, the shower comes straight out of the ceiling and the toilet is situated behind a separate glass door. From the hotel it鈥檚 a five minute walk to the Sydney harbour bridge and the opera house. Next door there is plenty of shopping and you鈥檒l find a large number of great restaurants/bars. I really loved this place and would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Osmosis5
<Content>Amazing Hotel experience Wow...this is what hotel experiences should be like! We stayed here for a week whilst we were in Sydney for our wedding. It truly was a great experience and there is not one thing that I can fault. You know you are in a great establishment (excuse the terrible pun) when nothing is too much trouble. The staff were brilliant - so accommodating and everything done with a smile. Whether it was finding a parking space for the car or organising a breakfast for 15 including non hotel guests. The rooms were perfect and of a very good size with enough gadgetry to satisfy the inner geek in all of us! I believe we had one of the best rooms as We had other friends staying at the hotel and our room (31) seemed to be that little bit bigger. I would definitely recommend the dark rooms over the light rooms for that extra edge of style. Some other reviews have complained of noise but I can honestly say that on the 3rd floor we had no problems with it...also i guess on Friday and Saturday nights we were probably joining in with the revellry. The bars are pretty decent but are probably victims of their own successs come the weekend as they are packed. Much nicer to be able to enjoy them during the week.  All in all I can't recommend this place highly enough...we'll be back for sure.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>relucanttraveler
<Content>Lived up to expectations i'm definitely more likely to book a stay with a boutique hotel vs a major chain. i found the establishment hotel one of the better boutiques i've stayed in. i stayed for 2 nights (thursday and friday) by myself (woman in my early 30s) and then moved to another hotel, blue, for 2 other nights, only because i extended my trip and when i did so, the establishment hotel was already overbooked. here are the pros/cons of the hotel, from my experience:pros:1. location. the location, which i was somewhat skeptical about, was actually quite convenient and very short and safe walking distance to all the tourist haunts (opera house, harbour bridge, circular quay, shopping, chinatown, botanical gardens) in sydney. 2. rooms. the rooms were surprisingly and pleasantly large, with very nice layout. i stayed on the 3rd floor. the room was large with beautiful wide, dark wood flooring. the bed (i'm assuming it was a queen) was on a platform against one wall. a living area and desk area were also part of the spacious room. the hallway leading to the bathroom was all closets. the bathroom was interesting. split tub and shower, double sinks, and toilet separate as well. the tub had a partition that would either join the bathroom to the rest of the space/living area/bedroom or could be closed to make the bathroom truly a separate space. since i was traveling alone, i left that partition open the entire time, which made the room seem even larger. the phone next to the bed had all sorts of controls on them to change the lighting set-up, room temperature, direct dial to hot sydney restaurants, and all the other good stuff. 3. value. the establishment is a bit pricey for most people, granted. but if you're able and willing to spend around $320 AUS for a room, then this is your place. this included a decently sized room -- maybe twice or more the size of a room in any of the nyc boutique hotels like the hudson, chambers, etc. that also included breakfast, which i only discovered the day i left unfortunately, from anything, it seemed, from their breakfast menu, plus free wired high speed internet in the rooms. they also had a small exercise room with towels and water too. comparing that to the $290 AUS i paid to stay at blue hotel (with $25 AUS for internet access for a 24 hour period and no breakfast), i found the establishment to be a better overall deal and value. 4. food. i thought the food options in the hotel were fab. i didn't get to try sushi e, but did lunch in the bar a few times and got room service, which i found to be good, worth the money, and most importantly, diverse in offering. 5. service. good service, attentive, helpful, etc. they found the random things that i had requested, and were very timely with any requests. professional, helpful, and not at all pretentious.cons:1. noise. i read about the noise complaints on this site prior to booking my stay. strangely i didn't hear any of the nightclub noise. what i could hear, though, loudly, was the noise from the hallway. the first night i stayed there, some other people were entertaining others in their room, and i could hear people, word for word, when they spoke in the hallway. same goes, unfortunately, for the noise coming from the room next to mine. i could literally hear my next-door neighbour dial his phone, talk to someone on speakerphone, and could hear and understand every single word said. it was kind of creepy, and i'm fortunate that i discovered this only the morning i was leaving. other noise was street noise -- there was some construction going on near the hotel, and that started early each morning.2. ambiance. i was double-minded about whether to count this as a pro or a con. the establishment bar downstairs facing george street is a very popular place. because i kept forgetting how to get to the hotel entrance, i constantly walked through the bar to get to the elevator that would take me to my room. on the first night, i literally had to wedge myself between people to get through the room. it was that packed. which is fine, but wasn't the best place for a woman, traveling alone, to be able to have a leisurely drink without getting harrassed. the crowd is definitely mixed. friday night i ventured downstairs for a few cocktails and was simultaneously pawed and ignored at the same time. lots of men in suits, straight from the office, but also an eclectic crowd of international-looking peeps as well. hard to put my finger on it. people were dressed up to go out, which was nice in some ways but also hilarious. the things that people wear! i wasn't used to how dressed up people were coming from san francisco, where it's more hipsters in a lot of places vs the low cut, tight, short, party time clothes that most of the women wore. still, not saying this was a complete con, as i felt the rest of the hotel made up for any annoyance this caused. and i guess i was amused by this, which could make it into a pro as well.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>3522
<Content>The Establishment Hotel is worth finding The hotel is small and very hard to find but well worth the effort. The service is extraordinary and the staff can't do enough to help you. The personal attention is supurb.The lobby and rooms are elegantly understated. The beds are sensational with luxuriously soft linens. The shower and bath area are a dream come true. Most of all we loved the location. Although the entrance is in an alley, the hotel is within walking distance to The Rocks district. We arrived after a 14 hour flight and dropped off our luggage and went for a walk. There was so much to do within a few minutes of the hotel.Breakfast was included and the meal was scrumptous. Lots of healthy choices and a unique atmosphere thats stark and chic at the same time. One word of caution, the restaurant was very expensive and a disappointment. There are so many good choices nearby as an alternative.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Megandavid
<Content>Boutique (even with Baby)       Establishment Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bikinigirl
<Content>a nice alternative that beats the 5-stars in CBD This is a nice alternative to the five stars in the area. The price is very good (actually excellent) and the interiors are trendy and don't disappoint (a nice room feature was the remote control scene/mood lighting). The service was very good, friendly. The staff were appropriately invisible and visible.The bars were nice. The main bar seemed to be a hot spot for socializing, and Hemisphere bar is great for couples. I am not sure if this is a private bar (though there is a bouncer at the elevator), but as guests we were given VIP treatment (we had no reservations on Valentine's Day and were given premium seating--comfortable couches, jazz/RB music, interesting drink options, excellent appetiser menu). A really nice atmosphere.Picky points: The bathroom lacked a few extras (body lotion, bath salts, a towel hook, and slippers). The stereo/sound system/radio/TV could be improved/updated. Overall, though, this was an above average hotel. I rate it much higher than the Four Seasons up the street. It was a nice surprise. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UKBubbles
<Content>superb place We spent New Year here with our daughter  son in law. Absolutely first class accomodation, efficient  friendly staff, nothing was to much trouble for them..  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler_Eh
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Stayed at the Establishment from Christmas Eve for 4 nights with my wife. This boutique hotel is fantastic. There is a definite cool vibe and the staff are very friendly and helpful (not snobby at all). If you are looking for a quieter room, simply ask to stay away from the club or go during the week. I would definitely recommend this hotel and rank it up there with other great boutique hotels that I've stayed at such as the Soho Grand in New York, and Opus in Vancouver.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hotelierhimself
<Content>Wicked, cool  Wicked, Just returned from a 10 night stay at the Establishment in Sydney. Fistly and most importantly the rooms are fantastic. Really spacious with a lovely bathroom (bvlgari toiletries) very nice. Seperate walk in shower and bath tub that you can see the tv from. Nice bed and good aircon. Now the food, the breakfast is really great and i really liked the room it was served in. The pastries are awesome and the mushrooms are really tasty. I'm a bit of a foody so usually hard to impress. The food in the room is quite a simple menu, but nobody minds that when its done well. The lamb salad is fantastic and chicken burger great but ask them to go easy on the mayo if watching your weight. The bars in the hotel are known as the best in sydney apparently and don't let you down and as a hotel guest you can use the swanky private bar hemisphere. Which in my opinion is more relaxing than the main bar, which can get over crowded. Service, it annoys me that us english cannot do service like the ozzies as they are professional and really friendly. In all honesty we didn't have any probs and Dion the manager was extremely chatty along with his staff. Advice: the hotel is full quite often by the sounds of things so don't expect a room to early in the morning when you arrive. If you are coming off an early flight from the u.k you should book the room from the night before. Make sure you get your room turned down @ night as they give you some really nice cookies every time. Go too the restaurant Garfish in manly, wicked value for money and seriously good fresh fish. Enjoy  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pepper-Repper
<Content>Great room, bad service, and so much noise.. We arrived early in the monring after a very long flight, and we loved the room.It was lovely, spacious and great design. However once we went to bed, there wasso much noise, it felt like our bed was standing in the middle of a very busybar. Also the neighbours kept slemming the doors and were very noisy, I thinkthis lasted until 2 in the morning. Breakfast that morning is served in the bararea which still smells like alcohol, not the best smell when you are justwaking up. The next night we experienced again very loud music and bar noise. Wethan ordered a wake up call, which woke us up half an hour late and than weordered a taxi, which arrived, but they did not know which room it was for, sothey did not ring us, but send the taxi away.... Not a hotel we would go backto.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>1	4	5	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>thetravelingguy
<Content>The Center Of It All I loved the Establishment Hotel. It is a bouteque hotel with huge rooms, rain showers with GREAT water pressure, comfortable beds, well decorated rooms with bose stereo systems. And the staff were just delightful! Ashley, Dee, Sky and Deirdra were sooooo helpful. They can answer any and all of your questions. It's as if they made the hotel just for me. First off, the location is perfect. You are a 5 minute walk from the opera house, syndey harbor, and some of sydney's best restaurants and bars (which just so happen to be in the hotel.) I will definitely be back and send my friends there as well.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cl4rk3
<Content>Awesome, indeed.       The Sofa  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Loop118
<Content>Chic, boutique hotel..great stay Very chic, boutique hotel. Exactly the thing if you are after something different from the Marriots of the world - which are fine but tend to look the same everywhere you go. The rooms are modern, minimailst but comfortable. Loved the bathroom which had a folding blind separating the bath from the bedroom. This was great as after a long day pounding the sydney streets I could sit in the bath and watch a DVD. Bars and restaurants were very cool, especially sushi e. We did not stay at the weekend so cannot comment on the noise levels. Location is ideal for CBD, the Rocks, Circular Quay and Darling Harbour. Everywhere else easily accessible.I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for something boutique with great service. We will be going back.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>noscreennameswork
<Content>Very Good I recently stayed at the Establishment Hotel in Sydney, for 5 nights at the beginning of my visit to Australia, and another two nights on the back end before my departure. This hotel is great. The rooms are sleek and comfortable, the bathrooms are sweet (stocked with Bulgari green tea bath products, one of my fave scents), the staff are all very helpful and professional, the housekeeping is immaculate, and the bars and restaurants are appealing (albeit a bit of a scene, but that's obviously by design). I particularly liked the sushi bar (Sushi E), which I ate at twice - very tasty sushi and a nice host. Also, the hotel's location is good - a short walk to the Opera House, the ferries, the Rocks and all of its restaurants, and also really not far from trendier neighborhoods like Surry Hills (a short cab ride or a decent walk).My only constructive criticism: Certain rooms can be louder than others on weekend nights (there is also a nightclub that is attached to and affiliated with the hotel, so ask to stay on the 4th or 5th floors), and I would have loved it if one of the hotel's bars or restaurants remained open on Sunday nights (I realize Sunday restaurant/bar closure is true of many hotels in Sydney, but still it would be great for guests if there was at least one in-hotel option other than room service). Other than that, no problems, and I would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WorldTraveler999
<Content>Perfect in almost every way If you're looking for a great location with a cool vibe, big luxury rooms and an overall great experience, then Establishment is for you. The truly amazing thing about the place is that there is so much to offer within the hotel complex in terms of a huge and sleek bar, great sushi restaurant upstairs, even better lounge, that you have to pull yourself away to visit other places in Sydney. Since this is such a popular destination for the well-heeled locals to visit well into the night, ask for a room away from the activity. We didn't experience any noise issues since we got a room on the 5th floor on the other side of the downstairs bar. Don't expect views from the bedrooms, but with everything else this hotel offers, you won't miss it (such as the rain shower that appears from the top of the shower ceiling roof). Book this hotel...you'll be happy if you're between 20-45 and looking for a chic spot to rest your feet at the end of the day, and then get back up to experience the scene that it attracts.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rataturium
<Content>Do not get near this place on the weekends We stayed here on a weekday and were very pleased with the location and the EXCELLENT shower (literally the best I have had in my life.) The only problem is that when we asked about the weekend and the complaints of noise we were told by the front staff that the loud rooms are given to the DJs and that noise would not be a problem on the weekends. Unfortunately for us this was absolutely untrue. I am not a difficult sleeper and had no problem at Heron Island (where others have complained,) but there was the problem of noise vibrating through the room until 6 am as well as guests constantly slamming the doors in the halls until about 5 am. They should put some sort of padding on the doors to avoid the constant clang. To top it off, I left a letter for other family members who were arriving the day I departed and it wasn't given to them until the last day of their stay. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. I wish I could recommend this place, but to be honest we were upset that we ended up paying so much to have to endure a horrible sleepless night and then not have our envelope delivered. Also as a last note we were charged for the honor bar which we never used. Make sure you check your account at check out.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>gracemarks16
<Content>Fabulous place to stay!       bathroom  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ulalatweed
<Content>Worth every penny! We treated ourselves to 3 nights here during a trip to Australia for a friends wedding - we wouldn't hesitate to recommned this place to anyone. Some of the reviews have mentioned unfriendly/unhelpful staff but we found the total opposite. Everyone went out of their way to assist and make our stay special.We stayed in a standard room which was an excellent size - the bed was the comfiest I've slept in. The room we had was designed so that the bathroom area could be opened up to the living area by sliding a screen back - this meant I could indulge in watching the TV from the bath :)There was a bit of noise from the bar but only really on the last night of our stay which was a Friday so we just turned the music in the room up a bit! There is a cd and dvd 'menu' which you can choose films and music from - you just ring reception and someone brings them up. I really liked the warm cookies that were brought to the room each night - a nice touch.Hotel guests can enter any of the Establishment clubs and bars from the Hotel - we tried the main bar and the garden bar. The Graden bar was lovely - very nice cocktails and the 'bar snacks' portions were very generous - some would say huge!Although the hotel could be a bit hard to find (the entrance is located down a side street) it just adds to the impression that you are staying somewhere a bit different. The Rocks and Circular Quay are 5-10 minute walk away and there are loads of bars and shops in the vicinity.Compared to some of the hotels of a similar standard in the area, this is a bargain - we booked through Expedia and got a great deal. It's worth noting that prices rise by about $70 per night on Friday and Saturday so a midweek stay might provide better value.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Emma_22
<Content>Very cool hotel The biggest problem we had was getting to the hotel! The taxi driver had no idea where it was, and it's a little hard to find with the doorway tucked down an alley. Lovely hotel though, nicely decorated big room, great bathroom with two sinks, and a very cool vibe to the place.The cookies on the bed every night were a nice touch, and the location was great.The only real problem I had was the heating and lighting system. It was controlled through the phone, but not very easy to get the hang of!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roundtheworldgal
<Content>Amazing, hip and exclusive Amazing hotel. By far the best option for creative types in Sydney. Great design. Huge room with amazing bathroom. Swanky night scene and great food. Totally helpful staff and perfect location. Sushi-e was fantastic. No views from the rooms, but who cares. The design was superb. Always a lively hotel, although my room was very quiet.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Merman101
<Content>Fun, but not Wow Our room at The Establishment was clean, comfortable and modern, with some nice gadgets. The cookies left on the bed each evening were delicious. As others have said, the music from the bars can be a bit much at night, even mid-week. Take some earplugs or a favourite CD to put on the Bose stereo-or go out and join them.Our rate included continental buffet breakfast, but it was pretty disappointing - on one morning I had to ask for a plate  bowl  orange juice  butter  croissants (which they had run out of) and the staff weren't at all attentive.We had dinner one evening at Est. which was superb. A true fine dining experience - I would highly recommend it even if you don't stay at the hotel. The food and service were fantastic.I found the barman in the Tank Stream bar very rude. The other hotel staff were friendly and helpful.If you want to spoil yourselves and stay somewhere modern and fun then this is a good place for you. If you're looking for somewhere luxurious to relax, then it's probably not.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Panda2Monkey
<Content>Special honeymoon location What a great place. Stunning decor and rooms spec'd out to a level I have not seen elsewhere. Really different feel. Staff made you feel very special. Arrived on early flight in from UK and staff allowed us into a room to freshen up and get some rest until are room was free. Location 5mins from Central quay (in CBD). Great breakfasts taken in great location. Good bars and restaurants on site. Everything an easy walk from hotel.Large freshly cooked cookies provided each night. We where there on honeymoon so booked large room but one below are just as nice and each one different. Was tempted to book hotel by harbour but so glad a booked here.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smile4tree
<Content>Loved The Establishment! The Establishment was the first of three hotels we stayed at on our honeymoon. Although it's a little hard to find (the entrance is in an alley), once you do find it, you are not disappointed.First off, we found the front desk staff to be extremely helpful and friendly. We were definitely WOWed by the room. It was beautiful, spacious, modern and high-tech!!! It was like our dream room and we want to model our own bedroom after it. Some of the nice features included a sound system and dvd player (bring your favorite CDs and DVDs if you have room in your suitcase!), a touchscreen phone that controlled the lights, yummy cookies, comfy bed...The bathroom was great as well. We loved the shower and the bathtub was great, but a little hard to get in and out of. Overall, we loved this hotel!!! The room itself was the best I've ever stayed in. The hotel is kind of in an odd location, but it's pretty close to the train station, which was very convenient as we did not rent a car or anything.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peko
<Content>Will not return We visited Sydney for a week and stayed at the Four Seasons for a couple of nights before moving to the Establishment. The room is not that great. Water leaks from the shower and form a waterway across the bathroom. The bed is not comfortable!Called housekeeping (which is the front desk at the Establishement) for some amenties (slippers and toothbrushes) and took a long time (my husband stayed in the room while I went out to shop for pearls and that's more than half an hour) and another call (upon my return to the room) before they send them to us. The breakfast is a la carte and we ordered eggs sunny side up. The eggs were so burnt and full of oil! Didn't Establishment's restuarants got some award? I know the breakfast would not be done by the awarding restuarant but just wonder how the level differ so much. Tried its Japanese restuarant and it is another disappointment. Lousy sushi.The rice was mushy. We ordered a beef suiyaki and when it came, the beef was dry and cold. We told the hostess and all she said was Oh!. When we check out we were charged for toothbrushes, AUD 10 for 2 brushes. I asked the staff at front desk how come they did not tell us before hand and we were never charged for regular amenties, he took it off form the bill. It's the same staff that helped us to call for a taxi to the airport and we were charged AUD 10 for the call. When we ask the taxi driver, he questioned us back if we were not informed by the hotel. The only great thing about the Establishment is one of the staff recommended us to a Japanese restaurant (Uchi Lounge) which is great. Unfortuantely I forgot this name. He is not in business suit as the one mentioned above. Thumbs to you wehn you got to read this!Will never return!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>GigiYing
<Content>Fantastic for a getway - probably not so for business Simply put, the Establishment Hotel is a fun place to stay. I love Sydney (I lived there for a couple of years) and the Establishment is, well, so Sydney. I am chiefly a business traveller and before our stay was a little apprehensive about the minimalist approach of most boutique hotels. I have had bad experiences with such hotels before (e.g. hip service which actually means rude service or the hotel paying more attention to Philippe Starck decor than to extras that are actually useful, like a Business Centre). However I made this trip with my husband for what I hoped would be a carefree getaway weekend in Sydney and so set aside my nervousness and decided to approach things with an open mind.I am glad I did. Staff were friendly and came across like real people. In many large hotel chains, they are trained to pamper the guest, which can be nice, but is a bit artificial. At the Establishment Hotel, they were polite, well-spoken, well-trained individuals who just made sure they did their job well. As for the Business Centre, who needs it when you're on a holiday?The room was very pleasing (and, yes, very trendy), especially as there was extra lounge space to watch TV and relax. The bed was luxurious, maybe I was plain exhausted but it felt extraordinarily comfortable. The bathroom was large and very chic. We spent 2 nights in Sydney and dined on the premises both nights. Sushi-e is an excellent venue for Japanese food, and the staff represent the best of what Australian hospitality has to offer -- sharp, well-schooled and with initiative. If I were travelling to Sydney on business and needed to have certain things at my fingertips, I probably wouldn't stay here. But for the sort of relaxing getaway we had, it was marvellous. I got away from feeling like the constant business traveller, and for that alone, it was worth it. I have extremely pleasant memories.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ralphm
<Content>Fantastic experience, very nice hotel! We only spent three days in Sydney on our way to Far North Queensland, and we regretted to leave the place after such a short period of time. The room was very large, stylish and functional with a nice sitting area, sound system, ultra modern bathroom, a lot of space for your belongings, even if you stay there for weeks.The staff was very helpful and friendly.We had no problems with the noise from tank nightclub, though you could here some faint bass from that direction during the weekend, joining the crowd there is the best you can do!Location of the hotel in central CBD is excellent too. Minutes from Circular Quai with the ferries going to everywhere from there.No spectacular views from the rooms, seperate entry from the hotel to the bars and restaurants of the Establishment complex, some with formal dresscode.We will come back with more time to visit a fantastic city staying at a cool hotel.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sohohubby
<Content>wow! Elegant, chic rooms. Great staff, always friendly, competent mostly. Free internet. Great bars and restaurants. Our local contacts universally considered it the place to be and we agree. The rate was fair. Given a choice, I wouldn't want to stay anyplace else in Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superbly accomodating accomodations I arrived in Sydney after spending two weeks on a deserted island 80 miles north of Cookstown, way up in the Northeast. I had been camping and participating in the turtle research project on the reef. Let's just say, I was very ready for some creature comforts! The Establishment Hotel is the place to be if you want to be treated like you are the only person that matters to the staff, and your comfort is their only concern. Upon arrival, my taxi driver let me off at the Establishment Bar's entrance. I tried to explain to him that the bar is not the hotel, but he wouldn't listen. So I entered the bar with my luggage grumpily. No sooner had I walked in, then a bar staffer came up to me, took my bags and lead me through the service area to the hotel lobby. The Establishment experience had begun. The level of service never deviated from that level of concern. I checked in, and asked for a quiet room because I had heard the hotel's rooms could be noisy since there are 4 bars and 3 restaurants in the complex, all extremely popular with Sydney residents. I stayed in Room 42. It was quiet from any noise from the outside, but the walls between the rooms are thin.....very thin. That's the only weak point I can see in this hotel; thin walls. However, the Bose stereo does go a long, long, way to mitigate any noise from your neighbors. The hotel has a huge selection of CD's for the stereo or you can listen to your iPod or the radio. Having an excellent stereo system in the room, was one of my favorite features of the room. However, the best part of the room, IMHO, was the bathroom. There was twin sinks, a huge soaking tub, and very large walk-in shower with a rain type shower head from the ceiling. The water pressure was great and the hot water just kept flowing and flowing! After not having a shower available while on the reef....this was heaven! The staff is unbelievable. I mentioned that a friend and I were looking for a place to get lobster, went for a walk, and came back to a list of places to go. On the day we decided to go, a reservation was made for us. There is only the front desk staff at the hotel. Any request you have, goes through them, so you get to know them fairly well. Everyday they'd ask how my day had gone, talk to me about the book I was reading, the opera I'd seen, they didn't seem to forget anything. Each morning I would order a pot of coffee, one of them would bring it up. A couple of times the order was forgotten, but a reminder call would solve that immediately. Each of the concierge staff was spectacular, and make the Establishment Hotel a place worth staying. Most of the people I spoke to who lived in Sydney, didn't know the Establishment had a hotel, it's known for its restaurants and bars. I liked that I was staying someplace tucked away and hidden from view. The hotel's front door is on a small lane, hidden from passers-by on the busy streets surronding it. The hotel's front door and guest floors require your key to access each, so the only people in the hotel are other guests staying in one of the 35 rooms. The bar and restaurant patrons can not access the hotel, making the pedestrian traffic in the hotel almost non-existent. This makes the hotel a very quiet, relaxed, environment...a great place to go after a strenuous turtle rodeo on the reef, or a fast paced day seeing the sights in Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Firstman
<Content>Tre cool, but surprisingly friendly and comfy. A little loud... Very cool, but approachably so. The people who work there are beautiful and you walk in thinking this place has got to be pretentious. But the beautiful workers are actually super nice and incredible helpful. I stayed here with a friend, each of us having a room. Both were large, stylish, and functional. I thought the bed was great, as was the sitting area we both had. The bathroom was amazing with a great big tub and a separate shower and bathroom. At first I thought the tub in the middle of the room was odd, but after a week I loved soaking while playing music through the great stereo they installed, a Bose system with real speakers mounted on the wall. It was incredibly relaxing after walking around all day in Sydney. I could even hook my iPod right up to the system.After a week, we really got to know everyone one of the staff and they always seemed happy to see us. Dee was our favorite - when we asked where to get some salt  pepper prawns, we came back a few hours later to all this research and a reservation at an awesome restaurant that she deemed the best. We went and she was right on.The downfall was that it was loud and a quite a scene at night. You heard people from the street through the room till the wee hours. I poped some earplugs in and it was fine, but it was kinda annoying. The lobby was only for the guests, so at least there was that repreve, but the joing was jumping from after work till who knows when. It has a major reputation in Sydney for the place to be seen.I really liked the place, but if I stayed in Sydney again I might look to the beach or one of the calmer neighborhoods that are around Sydney. But for a first time stay, you might like being here with close proximity to the harbor and opera house. I did. And you'll feel pretty cool at the same time, until you go bed that is...  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StefW
<Content>Exceeded expectations   showReview(5044148, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gooner_cb21rf
<Content>Lives up to the hype   showReview(4954604, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bugs1012
<Content>Great "cool and stylish" hotel   showReview(4625889, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlYorks
<Content>Too cool, but great room   showReview(4367716, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wacka
<Content>Great Alternative Hotel   showReview(4319087, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spbyrne
<Content>Is this the best hotel in Sydney?   showReview(4250956, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect   showReview(3975461, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Passionforservice
<Content>A hotel that gets it !   showReview(3810103, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful, private, swanky, central - great hotel   showReview(3635152, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Grumpy23
<Content>Amazing Hotel on Weeknights   showReview(2797767, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAPTAINMarche
<Content>Fantastico..............   showReview(17905725, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

