<Author>coco_007Ontario
<Content>Relaxing Christmas vacation! Just returned from IFA Bavaro Village.It was our 2-nd all-inclusive in Dominican Republic.PROPERTY-very nice,many spots to visit and to take beautiful pictures.FOOD-our buffet was exellent,next to our rooms,good service,for Christmas Eve they served BBQ lobster,large shrimps,plenty of sweet stuff and few kinds of sushi.On regular days:had always good meat,fruits,rice,fresh bread,bbq,fish,eggs(your way),beer,wine ect.Visited pizzeria for few drinks or food-nice.Didn't have any reservations to restaurants.Booking was impossible!Tried twice!Maybe next time ha ha.Had good time and drinks in Cafe Dominicana and found good service and pinacolada in big pool bar!BEACH-very nice,white sand,plenty of it!Water so blue blue-exellent!Cleaning people did good job on daily basis with cleaning seaweeds!Only ones coudn't find free beach chair but after lunch got it!ROOMS-very,very nice.Liked new look,more space,nice view,very close to our buffet and next to the beach!Small coffee mach.but was ok.Air conditioner and hair dryer was working like new!Didn't know that mini bar had ONLY water.Was expecting soft drinks and beer too.AFTER DARK-we watched only Christmas show,was funny,many people from around the world had good time,bravo for dancing ELFS and HOST-job well done!RECEPION(front lobby)-helped us with all problems we had(not working key-twice,not working TV-ones,help with luggage-twice)-thanks!WEATHER-had sun and rain,had strong winds and storm-everything awesome!Took nice video clips!OVEROLL-we had again almost perfect vacation!We all have beautiful tan,plenty of pictures and videos plus souveniers(hi Alexandre from market store#7).THANK YOU for relaxing Christmas!We wish to return to Dominican Republic for 3-rd time soon!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>sunsand08
<Content>Perfect Vaction       beach by the hotel  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>discerning54
<Content>no night life my first experience of all inclusive in the dominican but went with others who had been on a similar holiday elsewhere.i would class the complex as 4 star, apart from the food, which after a few days became repetetive and was recycled in many forms.the drinks , alcoholic or soft were cheap quality.i would not recommend this resort is you want any action at night. there was insignificant theatrical entertainment for 2 hrs at night,and the only opportunity to dance was in the pitch dark,near the beach with hardly anyone there. the lack of english tourists or opportunities to mix, was a disappointment.there were no facilities for the children, kids activities etc.we were a party of single parents with children from 7- 15yrs. beaches and pools lovely, staff friendly, rooms and service excellent. take plenty of books,as there isn't much else to do, unless you go on the overpriced excursions.Apart from the food the complex itself was a relaxing environment.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Joey86
<Content>staff were very friendly       bavaro beach  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cibils
<Content>Should have read more reviews Let me start on a postive note, the staff was excellent. Even thou it was hard at times to comunicate, they always came though with good service. The Spa was terrific. I did not like the fact of the french balconies, I like to sit outside at night. There was know shade at the pool. I only went to the beach one day, it was to far from the hotel it took 15 to 20 min. to walk. This is my 5th time to Punta Cana and I have never incountered this. Even thought I will return to Punta Cana, it will not be at this resort. My son was here on week prior to me, he said there was nothing to do after dark, he was right, no entertainment. I usually try to see one sunrise in the morning, but I was not going to walk that far to beach in the dark.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Millarja
<Content>Great Resort and Great Value!!!!!!       One of the Three Pools  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Sunshine3Ohio
<Content>Nothing to Disappoint!       Playing in the fountain!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jmp52489
<Content>no american speaking staff Was our first fam. vaca allof us 18 and over. First off, rooms refrig/ mini bar was not filled. We had no towels and got into a screaming match with the maids who couldn't understand our problem, then barged in our rooms thinking that we were lying. There is no american tv, you have to pay daily or weekly, also you have to pay for a lock for rooms safe. No one spoke english, the front desk was a disaster. If your in a hurry for anything toilet paper, iron etc. you will wait for atleast 3-4 hours for them to get to the room. Some days sheets weren't changed. Overall the trip was nice, beautiful ocean, pool area was nice, good buffet when the birds weren't picking at the food. My biggest concern was the lack of staff who couldn't speak or understand us. And the day before our flight out with Delta, they went on strike! but they got that taken care of. I suggest you research all options before booking this resort.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Sassyblonde66
<Content>Old School Alarm Clocks on Duty (Roosters)       The main pool  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>reg183
<Content>room problems       beach and palm trees  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>redsoxfan204
<Content>Buyer Beware My two friends and I staryed at this hotel, but from the first day, we should have seen the sign on the wall. It should have read, no customer service, no flexibility, the rules are the rules and we do no bend to make your stay worth while. First, cleaning the room. Do not expect to have your room cleaned anywhere near the same time each day. 9 am or 6:30 pm. When your room is cleaned, do not expect clean towels until later in the day. Cleaning your room and getting fresh towels in the same visit will not happen. Cleaning staff does not speak any English. Good luck telling them what you want. Good luck in getting extra tells delivered when you call the front desk.Second, using Travelers Checks. They do not cash them for American dollars. They will give you pesos, so you loose money in the exchange. If you bring cash, there is a safe in the room, but it costs per day.Third, the local phone calls are charged at $1.00 per minute. So if you want to call your travel agent, you will pay for the call.We originally requested a folding bed for our visit, but when we got to the room, no such bed was supplied. bottom line: they provide no such amenity. Beds are two doubles or one king, pillows are hard and not flexible. One of us slept on the floor each night. We even asked for a beach chair or mattress, but no luck. Also, each room only gets two keys. So if there are four of you, only 2 keys will be provided.Food was ok for the most part. Not spectacular, but ok. Beach and pook are good. Drinks are also ok. Tours are expensive. they range from $80.00 to $300.00. Golf prices are all over the map with the cheapest being $200.00 with club rental. Tip no included. If I did go back, this is one hotel, I would stay as far away as possible. One more thing, Spirit Airlines is a terrible airline and you will feel like a load of cattle instead of people on a plane  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	2	1	1	

<Author>Gaspe23
<Content>LOVE IT ALL       The walk to the beach  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Sagez
<Content>Good value at the IFA Bavaro Village       partial view of our room  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>BigBruno
<Content>Inexpensive Resort/ Poor Food/ Average Accomodations I stayed at the IFA Village from May5-May12 for an inexpensive relaxing getaway. This was my fifth time to the DR and I've stayed at countless other places. I read all of the reviews before I left so I had a good understanding of what to expect. I have a physical disability that limits my walking ability so I figured that this would be a good place to stay since most of the areas are close together.It must not have been busy when I arrived on Monday because I came in after a 25 minute ride on the Apple bus at 11:45AM and though they initially had me farther away from the main area on the third floor(I had requested ground level) they quickly found me another room. I turned around and made three dinner reservations(They even offered for that evening) and I was in my room and unpacked by noon. I spent the $21 for the safe for the peace of mind and it was worth it. The room looked okay when I first entered and it was clean with a King bed that was the hardest bed I ever slept on and I like a firm bed. I had to take Ibuprofen every night so I wouldn't wake up sore in the morning. They had a nice LCD TV in the room which was fine the first 2 days but then they changed their TV and their were no English speaking channels eventhough they had Spanish, French, Italian, German and Chinese. If you wanted to watch TV in English, you had to pay $8 a day for TBS, TNT, Speed and CNN. This was a total ripoff and when I went to complain to the Guest Relations Manager Petra, I encountered the worst person I've ever dealt with in a hotel/resort. She was flat out rude and didn't even want to talk to me. After I wouldn't take thats our new policy for an answer, she started to scream at me. Other than that the room was okay with no view and no patio or balcony. Not many of the rooms have much of a view and none of them have balconies on the Village side. If you want to stay near the main area(main pool, lobby  restaurants, I would stay in the 3000 series of rooms. If you want to be closer to the beach, stay in the 4000. None of them are really beach front. There was no soap in the bathroom so bring your own. On my first day, there were two waters in the refrigerator. I left a $5 tip after the first night and every night thereafter and a note for 4 cervesa's and they put so much Brahma beer, soda and water in my fridge that it was hard to keep everything cold.I ate the first night at the main buffet near the lobby and the food was pretty lame in taste  choices. They tore it down the next day for renovations. I ate at all of the other restaurants as well. The Mexican A'la carte is a buffet and it was pretty weak but the service was good. I've been to other resorts where their appetizer Mexican buffets had more to offer than this did. They did have a great dessert (Chocolate Lasagna) in here. The Asian had pretty decent food with excellent service and the Caribe had the best food and was the most elegant. Other than the pizza buffet by the pool, which was pretty good, the buffets here have really bad food. They lack taste, are cheaper ingredients or are cooked improperly. I would recommend trying to book at the Asian or the Caribe every night. I went back and booked a couple more resevations after my first three and had no problem. In the day time, it's pizza or nothing and pizza gets old after a while. BTW, their coffee and espresso were great!I do enjoy to go to the bars when I'm on vacation and fortunately, I'm really just a beer drinker because the liquor they serve is really sub par. If you want not even top shelf(Absolut, Dewars etc.)it's an extra $7. I was worried about having to drink the Brahma beer instead of Presidente but it turned out to work pretty good because the Brahma was Ice Cold and poured from a bottle instead of a tap. I did find Presidente on tap at the Beach Bar/Disco. The bar service was excellent before I gave them their first tip and they were really good people. Darlin, Juan, Miguel and all of the others gave that nice Dominican Culture to the trip. I usually tipped them $5 at the end of each shift and they treated me like a rock star. The pool area was nice and on the busiest day there, half of the chairs were still empty. The beach was nice and the water too. The beach shuttle was hit and miss on timing and it was hot with no place to sit while waiting for it to come and pick you up at the beach.The IFA Village and Beach Village are average and no more. The Villas are far from everything. The facilities are okay at best. Other than the Guest Relations Manager, the service was very good. This resort is a perfect example of you get what you pay for. I thought I would try to do something on the cheap and get a little more than I expected. It was an okay place to relax by myself for a week but I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends and especially not to anyone with families. I didn't hate it but in hindsight after having to pay the extra money for the safe and TV, I could have stayed at the Iberostar for $100 more.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>monimaria
<Content>Review of IFA, Bavaro Ocean, Dominican Republic Hello, We are from Montreal (in our early 50s) and we just came back from a 6 days/nights vacation at IFA-Bavaro Ocean (beginning of April-May, 2008).I believe we are advised travelers (Mexico Riviera Maya: Bahia, Palladium, Puerto Vallarta, Cuba: twice, Panama, Costa Rica, Margareta鈥? and we have a good perception of what 4 stars should cost and offer in this type of business. I am writing this note to advice people that this resort is NOT 4 STARS--- except for the rooms. The services are in fact 3 to 31/2 stars. We booked 5 days in advance and this was the only resort available having 3 tennis courts (this was important for us). Who wants to play tennis must avoid this resort. 3 courts are advertised鈥攊n fact are only 2 (plus one basket play ground). The most important thing is the courts are not in the resort; you must walk ~ 10 minutes in the village. The courts are located among private houses of Dominican people; you have to pass in the front of a guard that has a real loaded gun. The courts are not maintained (poor quality surface) have no services at all (no representative from the resort, no water, no bathrooms), dirtiness. We had reservation for each day as requested by the customer service of the hotel. The first day, we arrived on time but the courts were occupied by Dominican people who claimed 鈥渢he courts are their property and if we don鈥檛 like it we have to call the police鈥? We did not comment because there was a possibility that the guy with the gun was paid buy the tennis players. We reported the incident to the hotel customer service and we were assured next day everything will be OK. Next day the courts were available. After one hour play, when we wanted to leave, 3 big dogs showed up at the court door. We manage to get to the hotel, but that was the end of IFA tennis for us. Apart from this, we noticed the people had no training at all in English or not enough training (even at the front desk). They were actually surprised to notice that some people don鈥檛 speak Spanish (amazing !!).   Who likes nightly entertainment/shows must avoid this resort. There is (almost) nothing. NOTHING TO DO AT NIGHT. If it was boring for us, I am wondering what young people should feel like ?! We found the beaches to be gorgeous: fine, white sand, clear water (with algae in places, but this is OK). Too bad they were heavily populated with people offering free presentations of surrounding resorts (very annoying).  Conclusion: This was our first and last 鈥渓ast minute booking鈥? No more IFA for us. We expect a better quality for a 4 stars resort.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bahiaboundfromont
<Content>2 Great Weeks Of Doing Nothing on arpil 24th my girlfriend and i arrived back home from spending 2 amazing weeks at the Ifa Bavaro Villagei live outside of guelph and my girlfeind is from saskatoon. i parked my vehicle at the econolodge near pearson and went to meet my girl at the airport. we arrived in the DR late that night. the bus trip was very short 15 minutes or so.when we arrived at the Ifa the check in went pretty fast. the sliding door in our first room wouldn't lock so they moved us to another room right away. we then went to the beach disco for a drink and some food { don't eat the rice and chicken balls on the air transat flight, not good }.we have stayed at the 5 star gran bahia pricipe in cancun twice so for a few days we compared the two resorts, there area few things better at the bahia but alot of better things at the ifa. we read many reviews about the ifa and not many of them where good but we knew there was construction going on and it would be pretty much completed before our arrival. we learned from a couple that we met from edmonton that this whole resort has gone through a complete makeover in the past year or so.the food at the ifa was not bad. the pizza bar was amazing, fresh made pizza along with chicken fingers, fries and fresh made burgers oh and yes the ice cream. the buffets didn't change much over the 2 weeks the bacon is deep fried and usually either undercooked or over cooked. we found that the buffet closer to the beach had a better dinner menu. the drink where very strong. they only use small plastic cups so take a big travel cup or mug with you. the drink selection was kind of limited but still pretty good. the beer was nice and cold and mostly poured from a bottle. there are 3 ala cartes, the oriental and the colonial where very very good. the mexican was ok. booked first thing in the morning to get a good seating. the system they have is not very good for booking but you can eat at the ala cartes everynight if you can get a seating. they are not very big.the communication at this resort needs alot of improvement. most try hard, unless you speak spanish or french. to be very honest the people that tried the hardest to communicate where in the restaurants. the front desk staff where really not that helpful in some ways. trying to get a translation from english to spanish can be a chore. we booked with i travel2000.com . we got bumped to later departure and an ealier time to go back home. we flew with airtransat. a little cramped going down but not bad. the food was not good but overall a good flight. the service from nolitours was terrible. no information what so ever all of the binders that had any info where in spanish. we could find and english one till the day we left. when we got to the airport in punta cana our nolitours rep didn't even know what line we had to be in was a joke. the airport in punta cana is pretty cool. the customs and imagration was a breeze to get through but the food and rinks in departures are a huge rip off. $12 for 2 pops and a slice of pizza.to make this a bit shorter i will itimize things and say what we thought about themcommunication - needs alot of improvement but remember we are travelling in a foreign country so we do have to be patientbeach - the beach was amazing, the water was like bath water it was so warm. powdery white sand. many times we just walked for and hour or 2 picking up seashells. it is such a relaxing place to be and if the main resort is too hot you will love the beach always a nice breeze.beach shops - the shop workers will greet you on the beach and bring you into their shops. some can be very persistant but mostly not bad. everyone says they are cheapy cheapy. they love us Canadians. there are not prices on anything. we bought a painting that started at $140 and we got it for $45. never pay what their first price is. offer atleast half if not less. we got an idea of prices from the resort shops and the malls a 15 minute walk away. that will give you a better idea.resort shops - we found the resort shops to be very reasonable price wise with most things. usually you get ripped off at these places but i guess they have alot of competition with the beach shops close by. make sure you bring lots of sunscereen, asprin anything like that these things are very expensive here. internet - there is internet access, $3 dollars for 1/2 hour. if you are from Canada contact your cell phone provider before you go. i could not get service down there with our wonderful bell telephone but pretty much everyone else did no matter what country you are from. we get ripped off by bell and home and away.nightly entertainment - the theatre burned down 2 nights before we got there so all of the night time entertainment was at the beach disco. it was not bad not anything like ths hows at the bahia principe. the beach disco is a pretty cool idea. lost of food drinks music and dancing.rooms - our room was on the second floor right beside the main pool. they have all been redone and they look great. inorder to expand the washrooms the has put the sliding doors on the outer edge of the balcony so no balcony. that was a bit disappointing but didn't ruin our trip. everyday the rooms where cleaned with fresh towels and bed linens. they do not have face cloths so bring them if you need them. no beer or soft drinks in the fridge just water. we took tim hortons coffe along with liquid coffee mate. the coffee in the buffets is very strong and the milk is not very good kinda like carnation milk. after a few days we bought travel mugs so we took our own coffee to breakfast. the rooms where spotless. we saw no bugs but we did get a rain storms one night and the roof leaked so we used the other bed. bring things for the taff there especially the cleaning staff. we took toiletries, socks, veg and flower seeds, pencils, watches things of that nature and also gave a cash tip each day as well.pools - there are 3 pools here. they are not very big but the do look after them pretty good. the main pool is pretty much always busy. there is water arobics there every morning and that is where they have the dance lessons and things. they could have a few more things to do but overall not bad. the other 2 pools are some what deeper and usually not as busy. we went during the slower season so during the busy season they can be very crowded.cafes - there are a few cafes where you can get drinks and very good capicino. make sure you are not wearing a bathing suit in them, you will not get served. shirts are a must here.buffets - pretty much the same menu each day. the selection is not bad a little bit of everything. buffet closer to the beach is the better one especially for dinner.inclosing the ifa bavaro village is a wonderful resort. we all have to remember that we are not at home and we have to be a bit patient when things are not up the the high standards that we have in Canada. there have been some people that have put some very unfair reviews on tripadvisor. some of them are from when we where down there and i don't see how any of the bad things that they say are just. this place is great value for your money. my girlfriend and i are already talking about go back next april. if you are flying out of pearson airport the econolodge is a great place to do the stay and park package. we had 2 weeks parking 1 nights stay when we arrived back and shuttle service as much as we needed back and forth to the airport. it is not a big hotel but they will look after you every well. my contact was a person named ziva and she was very helpful. i booked everything by email juast go too www.choicehotels.ca/cn568please contact me if you have any questions i will be more than happy to help out if i can.brian..  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>x00xvaleriex00x
<Content>Wonderful time at IFA       Basilica a Higuey  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>live2travel2008
<Content>Never Again!       workers loudly pouding on the floor outside of a guest room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JT85
<Content>LOVED THE IFA!!!!       My favorite Store Owner!!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>LexiUsa
<Content>Never again I would not recommend IFA Bavaro Ocean Village. The food was awful, the A/C in the rooms didn't work, no balconies in the rooms, very big language barrier, plus all of the resort shops are extremely expensive.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>brig_xoxo
<Content>Not As Bas As Said To Be       room  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>rrib74
<Content>Nice, but... Great beach, the best we've seen in Punta Cana. The food is (almost always) the same every day, but the worst of all was the cockroaches we found in our room on the last day...  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>GnTworldXplorers
<Content>So much for so little! We booked this trip through USA3000 and Apple Tours... Didn't know what to expect and weren't to concerned because the trip was dirt cheap! We were amazed at how beautiful the resort is and it was so big that we discovered that we hadn't even seen the whole place. Our room was next to the swim up bar pool and the pizza restaurant... the pizza was delicious, fresh and available all day! The beach was incredible, beautiful water and lounge chairs for relaxing. If you get to the beach later in the morning then you have to search out lounge chairs. We snorkeled right from a tour out of the resort, it was inexpensive and the site was nice lots of pretty fish. The all-inclusive package was great the food and drinks were all very good, they gave me the dominican rum when I asked for it on the rocks, we also enjoyed the mama juana... the grill by the beach was great and they had a nice assortment of foods to choose from. The buffet restaurant across from the spa is better than the one by the check in desk. It was less crowded and the wait staff was more accommodating. The room was so nice it looked brand new. We had a stocked mini fridge with sprite, coke, beer and water... some of the other guests said they didn't have that. The people that worked at the resort were friendly and we met one of the managers and we were impressed with how much he cared about the resort and the guests having a great time. We met some great Canadian ladies and enjoyed the days on the beach with them :) We walked the beach and there were no shells, I collect them and was shocked that there were none. The sand was pinkish and really clean. Overall we had a wonderful time and would recommend this resort and go back.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>coffeyclub
<Content>Wonderful vacation       try to relax  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sb8826
<Content>Nice Holiday! Arrived at the IFA Bavaro Village on the 9th in the evening. The check out was quick and everyone was escorted to their rooms-the resort is pitch dark at night time. To my surprise, the rooms were above what i expected. They have been all renovated and are clean, modern and spacious. I have stayed in resorts that claim to be a 5 star rating, but i found these rooms much nicer. The air-conditioning worked very well-infact i was cold most of the time! The fridge was always stocked with bottled water daily, and the cleaning ladies were very friendly.The beach is beautiful. The water is clear and warm-if you are looking for a nice beach get away-this is your destination. There are plenty of chairs on the beach. There isnt a lot of shade, but that didnt seem to bother many. The only thing i found annoying was the party boat that went by every hour with blasting music. Also, there is alot of noise from helicopters and other boats-but after a couple of days, you seem not to notice it anymore. There is a bar and place to eat during the day on the beach, so you can literally spend the whole day there.There are three pools at this resort. The main pool by the village is large, but very noisy and busy. The other two pools are smaller but much more relaxing if that is what you seek.The buffets were ok. There is plenty to choose from but I strongly suggest you book the restaurants in advance for a really enjoyable meal. The Caribe restaurant was delicious. I never made reservations, i just paid the hostess at the door and always got a table. The problem with reservations is that you often get a table late in the evening-often too late to eat.There is a spa on the resort. They give great massages at a good price. You can get a 50 minute massage for 50 dollars. After, you can use the steam room which is very relaxing. They dont tell you this, but once you book a massage-the steam room is free, so take advantage of it-it was great.There is internet on the resort which is the quickest way to communicate to those back home. They charge one dollar-and you can use it for about 20 minutes per visit. I also called collect from the hotel room twice, but the internet is the best way for sure.The only real problem i had with this resort are the prostitutes that are walking around. They sleep and eat at the resort-so you see them in the buffet areas-quite strange. This is a family resort and they shouldnt be there-it was quite sleazy to see them talk to men to try to make deals. I wish management would keep that businness off the resort-especially because Dominican's HIV rate is out of control. I found the staff hardworking and friendly-no issues here. Enjoy your stay at the IFA Bavaro Village-as the week comes to an end...you will wish you had longer!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YYZ2112
<Content>Good place (3 resorts in 1)       Our room.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	4	2	4	

<Author>HotShotVancouver
<Content>Perfect Vacation!       Our last day on the beautiful beach!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>M&HWinnipeg
<Content>Good times at the IFA       Peacocks by the Villas  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>cj-sunlovers
<Content>Fabulous Resort First of all, I would like to say that we are not first time travellers. This is our 3rd time in Dominican and we have also been in Cuba. I cannot honestly say anything negative about this resort!! It had it all. There were 3 pools, 3 a la carte restaurants, 2 buffets, pizzeria, beach grill and 7 bars including a swim up bar. The service was fantastic. In certain bars you didn't even have to get up to get your own drink....they would come to you!!! (really liked this feature). There were 2 big markets on each side of the resort and there was deep sea fishing, parasailing, speed boats, catamaran, etc. all right there on the beach.....everything was right at your fingertips.....About half way through our trip, my husband dislocated his shoulder playing beach volleyball!!! and I just had to write about our experience with the health care in this country. It is better than ours!!!!! From the time my husband had the accident, to the time we arrived back our room, we were only gone about 5 hours and we were at the resort for about an hour after the accident. They were very professional, both at the resort and the hospital. We arrived at the hospital in the ambulance about an hour after it happened and he was seen by the doctor right away. The doctor took an x-ray, put him to sleep, put the shoulder back into place, then gave him some good painkilers!!!! The longest part of the stay was waiting for the drugs to wear off and then the doctor put an amazing sling on to support his shoulder. The doctor and most of the staff we dealt with spoke really good english.....we had no problems with communication. We had to pay for the bills, of course, but we do have travel insurance and will be reimbursed 100% for all costs incurred both at the resort and the hospital. A word of advice though.....don't travel without insurance....our bill was $1300.00!!! And you never know when you might need it.Overall, we had an excellent trip. The food was great, as were the drinks. The people were very friendly and spoke very good english. The rooms were superb and kept very clean. I would definately recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>onthebeach-7
<Content>should be a 2* Who ever said this hotel should be a 5* is crazzzzzy. This place sucks!!!!! I can t even say you get what you pay for because this was the most i ever payed for a trip.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>scapers
<Content>Great Time - Good Deal Left on Feb 28 and home on Mar 6. Wishing that the white stuff falling now was Saona Island sand.Booked trip on a Tuesday and left on Thursday. Great deal. Very good value for your money. We just wanted a fast and cheaper get away and were pleasantly surprised.Beach was awesome. Sufficient lounge chairs and when we couldn't find one, did not hesitate to sit in the sand. One side of the beach is quieter than the other.Room (we were in the 3600 block) was extremely clean. Pleasant and efficient maids. Showers were the best. Always hot water and lots of water pressure. Lighting was no problem. (Last year we brought our own light bulbs). Flatscreen TV with lots to watch. Mattress was hard but we weren't bothered. See Reception for key to wall safe.Meals....average food in the buffet. Always found something we liked. Try the pizza by the pool. We also found an abundance of impatient people. Somehow manners seem to fall to the wayside when food and drinks are involved. Our patience pervailed just the same. Be prepared to rise above.Drinks were plentiful. Only domestic labels. $7 buys you premium brands. We are beer drinkers and loved the Brahma. Poured from bottles. We bought beer from duty free to keep in the hotel fridge. The IFA has 3 pools. One closet to the beach very quiet. The animated pool right outside our door and was tons o' fun. Make a point to find the jacuzzi's. They are located by the villas.Our tour rep failed to tell us about the purchase of phone cards. We learned this last year. Cheap way to call home. Go to the Pharmacy and ask to purchase a card. We paid $4 to talk for 12 minutes. Plenty of time to check in. You can call from your room phone. Just dial 0 and you can get instructions in english.We did the Saona Island day trip. Beautiful is all we can say. We also paid $30 each extra for lobster. Not worth it.Bring your own beach towel if room permits. $20 if you lose hotel towel (and we did!). Thermos for your drinks are also great to bring along. We tipped but doesn't seem to matter. Bring lots of US dollar bills.All in all very pleasantly surprised by the 3.5 star property. Hope this review wasnt too long. Just wanted to share the small things that helped us.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>MissyP3699
<Content>Great! Loved it! First the bad... (but not too much of it, let me say!) No washcloths, language barrier - i speak english only so the spanish was a little difficult! The food was a little different but still not too bad overall. The 3 restaurants they have offer a little more of a formal atmosphere, and they are worth the trouble of making the reservation. Myself and 4 other ladies stayed here and we had all read the mixed reviews of this hotel - we were a little wary of what we would find when we arrived, but we were VERY pleasantly surprised! The rooms were clean, the beds were hard, but the pillows were soft! We stayed in the Ocean section, which is nearest the beach, so no need for any shuttle service to get there. A couple of us were late nighters, but let me tell you, we were in bed by 9:00 pm every night! I guess too much sun in the day! We never made it to the disco and only stayed up for one of the nightly shows! Beware of the roosters that cackle in the early morning hours!!! They got us up bright and early every day....A few tips: Make your reservations for the nice restaurants as soon as you get there - they are open to take reservations from 9:00 to 9:30 each morning. Beware of the mixed drinks - they sneak up on you! Take your own washcloths. If you like Diet Coke, you can only find it in the gift shop or on the beach at the flea market shops - 2.00 Dollars a bottle. Take plenty of sunscreen. Stay at the Ocean or the Village, not the Villas (the Villas appear to be the older section and more like bungalows, but is a really pretty scene there! You would probably need to take a shuttle to the ocean each day...) The Villas section seems to be the most quiet and less inhabited, so if you like that, you might consider it. The Village section (the middle) seems to see the most action and where the water aerobics and swim-up bar is. Fun! Overall, we had a BLAST and we are going to go back next year! Hopefully we can learn a little more Spanish by then.....  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaWally
<Content>IFA Was Great! Better then we expected! A good place to stay!       Room 4136 in Village Area  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>reyna64
<Content>Had A Great Time       my husband at one of the bars.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>burnice
<Content>"Pure Paradise" My husband and I stayed at IFA Feb. 2nd - 10th. We are from Shelby Twp. Michigan. This is a #3 star resort. I have to say that out of 5 times to DR now this was our favorite. We have been to 6,5,  4 stars. There was some construction going on up near the Villa's and Cafe'. They are building the most beautiful stone block office and shopping mart. We took a walk everyday to check on the progress and took pictures. How beautiful this is going to be when all done. This did not bother us at all. Why should it? The beds were so comfortable. Light down comforters and big fluffy pillows everything pure white. It was so awesome getting into bed each night. The showers were powerful and huge. The whole room was huge. Coffee pot and full fridge. Miguel is the manager of the buffet and he gave me a liter box of milk for my room everyday after breakfast. I told him I just have to have my milk before bed. He said anything I want or need I can have. No problem. The pools are so clean and beautiful. One more in a shaded area and huge one near the Villa's and another huge one in the Village section. They had big fountain's in them. The whole place was spotless at all times. Even though the help did not speak our english, they knew exactly what I was saying with alittle sign language. Very kind people. The reception area went well. We picked the Ocean section. The food was incredable. Everynight I took alittle of everything, and I husband chose stuck to one thing each individual night; chicken one night, pasta the next, seafood the next, pork the next etc. Thats smart, but I love food and had to have it all. The people raved over the bugers at the beach grill. I ate 3 or 4 each day(without the bun). They were undiscribably delicious. Grilled over a flaming grill. Yes there was chickens running around and peacocks too. Peacocks are serene birds and the chickens had their young trailing behind. NO ONE had a problem with this. Even in the buffet!! It was precious! These people complaining that the cackling in the morning bothered them maybe should not drink so much that their hangover makes them cranky and crotchety. Or if they weren't hung over and complained about the little cackling they are just plain nasty, crabby people. The beach was by far the best along the whole coast. We have stayed up and down the coast. This was like the Blue Lagoon. Huge beach, full of palms. Breathtaking scene. The straw markets on both sides to shop were fun as usual. We took them workers snacks and drinks a couple of days. Had fun sitting and mingling with them. We try to get to know the people there. They are very proud of their heritage and food and everything they do. This bartering we are used to. Its a pleasure to walk through and meet everyone. I chose a 3 star this trip to see the difference. The only difference IS, NO STUCK UP Snobby people walking around making you feel like you have to get off the walk way as they walk towards you! I have come to the conclusion that these kind of UPITY people do not book at a 3 star because they believe that this would not be good enough for them. So better for us normal, smiling, friendly, socialable people that like everyone!! That's how I am looking at it. So that made for a very pleasureable vacation. And for the people that complain about the drinks ; well all I got to say is that if you can't get drunk in Punta Cana then you need 'AA' big time!! Get help!!You are in another country. Tell your self this before going. The food is not going to be like your grandma cooks. Its their culture food. This is their country. YOU are guests! Do not go and come home and pick them apart. This is a beautiful place, something for everyone. I rate it a #10 for sure. For you people out there writing all this nasty stuff and putting down these hard working people, I just hope you find happiness somewhere some day as if you cannot be pleased with IFA and Punta Cana you are very hard to please and don't deserve to be to a blessed wonderful place as this. Stay home. Your sneed remarks are misleading and give other people the totally wrong idea. Thanks to everyone at IFA Bavaro Villa's. I cannot say enough. What a wonderful paradise you are running. Any questions about anything feel free to e-mail-lindaanddon@comcast.net.(From non-judgemental, non-critical, normal people please!!)  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mustang2007Canada
<Content>Fantastic Location       Great service  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	5	3	

<Author>vacationer77
<Content>NEGATIVE....... You get what you pay for!!! It was beautiful scenery, but that is all the further it goes. Took 6 hours out of our arrval date to check in, front desk employees does not speak English well enough, and has the worst customer service. Finally received 1 key (only) keying in to our room it was taken by another family. Went to complain and in 5 minutes they had us moved to another room, promising us we would be moved again to be closer to our friends we came with. Never happened the whole week. 2 weeks before arrival we had a confirmed email stating we would have the 3000 block and 3 rooms in a row so we could be all together. Never happened, and yes we requested it once again. Ocean view - Not at all. Quite a walk to the beach. The food was bad. The alcohol was bad. Customer service throughout our resort was bad. There may have been 2 employees that were friendly. We knew people that were moved 4 times due to their air conditioner not working. We had to call about our air also. We had to pay $20 for an extra key so we could keep the air on all day. Once you took your key out of the box for the lights and air it shut off. So your only choice was purchasing a key. After complaing to our Apple Vacation Rep. we got $20 back. We had ants galour. We had to wash everything when we got home. We experience cockroaches, and a mouse. There are no wash rags. Cannot drink the water. It took an hour standing in line to check out, once again it was bad. Our engoyable experience was the excersion we went on (for extra money) and a 10 minute walk to Hard Rock Cafe so we could get some real food and a real beer. It was to die for and the employees there were all about service and happy and cheerful. Our friends never did get their phone fixed after reporting it 5 times. There are no hair dryers in the rooms like they mention. Was great to get back to the states. I know we wil not be back, and do not recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isariv007
<Content>IFA Bavaro is Great I travelled to IFA in 2006. I was there is april and july.I work in the travel industry and traveled with a friend who also does. We really enjoyed ourselves. We are both in our 20s.ROOMS: Pretty large compare to other resorts. Very simple but clean. Did have a lezard one time in the room. But it is part of the experience. We were located in the village area. Between the main pool and the smaller one. They do sometimes clean the rooms later in the afternoon. Limited Towels but you can always ask for more.GROUNDS : Amazing. The resort is very big but it is very well kept.There is a short walk to the beach but not that bad. There is a small train making trips to the beach if you dont want to walk.FOOD : The Food was ok. Kinda of repetitive as expected but no major problems. Did not get sick and did not see anyone get sick either. I only ate at the buffet restaurants.BEACH : Amazing beach. Very large and you can swim with no problems. Some activities once or twice a day.POOLS : Did not really hang out at the pool but i know there is activities going on at the main pools during the day.ENTERTAINMENT : There are shows everynight. Dance, and comedy wich requires participation. I found them amusing and funny. You just need an open mind and people willing to let loose a bit.DISCO : Never crowded but it was still really fun. The disco is on the beach which is really cool. Variety of music : Salsa, Hip hop, Dance etc. You can also make requests. There is a bigger disco in the another resort 10-15 mins from the hotel if you feel like partying all night. STAFF : Very friendly, We got a great service, Sometimes had to wait in line at some bars but not for long. OVERALL : Great Resort for everyone. The crowd was mixed. Families , couples, young singles ... A lot of Europeans. Good choice and it is one of the less expensive resorts in punta cana.If you have questions, do not hesitate.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tkachance
<Content>Negative Reviews!!!!!!! Are There 2 Ifa"S we just returned from ifa village resort on feb 7....i have to say after reading all the negative reviews over the last weeks prior ,i wondered what we have done..Let me say now ANYONE thinking as i did NEED NOT WORRY....we stayed in room 3419 close to center pool and pizza house/bar...the room was above expectations ,clean,no mold(as others mentioned)and all worked.We always had excellant water pressure and hot water..we asked for king size bed but got 2 doubles and lived with it because the room was so nice,,,as others reviews have mentioned the beds were hard but they are the same everywhere i have been when travelling south...certainly NOT unsleepable....i would get up everymorning to look out and see the grounds being cleaned... THIS PLACE WAS NICE....there were 2 buildings being revamped closest to the ocean(the maids were in 1 setting up when we left) but it certainly was not a problem for us..As for the beach, i dont think anybody in their right mind can complain...the beach market venders can be intimidating but i can deal with them(never paid more than 50% of their asking price/offer less then walk away they will call you back) The staff::: were all nice however hard to communicate with but not impossible...we had no problem with maid service in our room at all,,,if they ran out of towels while doing rooms they brought them later(2 times) one time still warm The bars;;i used them all.....all excellant The food;;all i can say is dominican food...being a select eater i would have liked to see roast beef everynight...but their was always a selection to try and i never went hungry...the pizza at the pizzaria was excellant...you have to try to hot/spicy one(halapienio peppers??) because you need a drink chaser to cool your mouth, we tried the caribe alacarte the filet mignon was excellant,,i spoke with others who tried the japanese restaurant who said was good...the breakfasts were good(the usual setups,stand in line for egg selections or buffet french toast,pancakes,yogurt,breads etc) I spent time with friends at 2 other resorts while down there,they said same food selections as ifa We cabbed it to one resort 16.00US for a twenty minute trip and a driver(nicolas) who spoke english...He told me if the cabbie wasnt wearing a pink shirt he was not a legite cabbie be careful We didnt make it to the live shows or the disco...i have seen them at other resorts they are all the same ,we brought our own wine and whiskey down so elected to spend time in room at night and relax...which was quiet (as others had complained about) The pools consisted of 3..the center was the busiest the other 2 were were more quiet(never went only passed by).the walk to beach form our area was 5 minutes and quite relaxing,they are doing some ground restucturing from ocean buildings to beach(certainly not disrupting) To sum up this review i feel this was an excellant resort for the money we spent....its what you make of your vacation  Please if anyone wants to email me with questions feel free wilkinsauto@rogers.com  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Reidmck5
<Content>Attention -- Forget The negative reviews...       you must do the dunebuggie excursion!!!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>finnnnnn
<Content>Canadians like it here but Six of us stayed from Jan 19 for 1 week. If the ifa was smart they would have a few more English speaking people on staff. That was the biggest problem. My tour company said this place had construction completed Dec. 15 2007 but that is totally false. Ther are 2 buildings that have 40 rooms each that are by the small pool in the ocean part. They are totally gutted and under complete renovations. You could here the skill saws going at dinner. We met a couple who were book itnto a room that had only plumbinmg coming out of the wall. We had to bribe the top guy 2 get 2 cards , keys to the room. The beach is fantastic. You could not ask for more. I loved it . It mad up for the rest. I talked with my tour rep. in the lobby and she told me the hotel was not under construction. and that took awhile to translatedI said have u been to the beach, and look over your sholdr. She said no i have not been to the beach. over her sholder is the main entrance where there is a huge building under construction.I just dont like the fact that i was lied to before i went from my travel rep. he was a jerk. if the ifa is to survive with candians they had better gety this stuff straight. My rep told me they would move me or compensate me if the place was under construction. We will see if they compenstate. I took alot of pictures. Workers carrying toilets on there heads up to the rooms. No renovations, crap The rest great I loved punta cana and recommend it to anyone. Even the ifa , but A dont lie and B learn some english.,  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>brantvacation
<Content>Relaxation at its finest       main pool area  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Marval
<Content>IFA Bavaro needs to get their act together! Three of us went (booked two rooms) January 10 - 17, 2008. Needed to get away from the winter and cold, wanted a reasonably priced trip, and also a trip that could fit into our schedules in terms of dates.I had read a number of reviews, so tried to keep a pretty open mind., having been to AI's in Cuba and Mexico. This trip was booked through Signature Vacations in Canada which is a fairly reputable company, but clearly, they need to check on amenities before they post them in their brochures.For example, the brochure stated the rooms had ceiling fans, full bathrooms (which means including a bathtub) and all rooms have balconies and terraces. All of the foregoing was not true.Because one of the members in my party has some mobility issues, I requested we be located close to the main reception area and restaurant. I can say that surprisingly, those requests were addressed upon check in.We didn't have any problems at check-in per se, except we felt that the communication skills by most of the front desk people were sadly lacking. My primary language is English, with some French and a bit of Spanish, but it was next to impossible. There is nothing to make you feel welcome, nor does there appear to be any commitment to customer service or making a guest happy. More of that later. The lobby really needs some improvement. There isn't a clock, there are no notices up showing anything, and just no communication or information. It would have been very helpful if information was posted on shuttles, busses, excursions, etc. This would have helped enormously and saved a lot of time and effort in trying to figure this all out and constantly be asking and hoping you are receiving the correct information.Nornally, you will see something up that shows the entertainment and that kind of thing. We had no idea there was a 2 hour time difference, but I figured it out my first morning - my clock said 6:30 a.m., but everything was already bustling and people were sitting at the pool and already eating breakfast.We were in the hotel section facing the large pool and very close to the main restaurant. So that was OK. What was silly, is they only provide you with one key card per room. so even though 2 were sharing one room, they would not budge on this, which makes it difficult if people want to do their own thing. The rooms disappointingly had no balconies or terraces, which means you could not enjoy an early morning coffee or sit outside at night unless you left your room. As well, no ceiling fans and only a shower stall. The rooms were clean and the maids were decent. We did find it strange that neither kleenex or small bottles of body lotion are provided. The showers have a dispenser with soap, shampoo and conditioner, and a little dish of wrapped typical hotel soaps are placed by the sink, and that is it.The other issue - constant blaring music. I enjoy some good music, but not to the point where I am constantly being assaulted and having to listen to these animators continuously yappying on a microphone. I am not trying to be intolerant, but I really want to be able to chill and relax. Luckily, we found another very large and nice pool where the nightly entertainment is held, which suited us beautifully. Very relaxing and quiet. The service at the bar at that pool (I think it was called Margarita's) was very good and the bartender was very polite. I am not a big drinker, but enjoyed the CocoLoco's - otherwise I drank soda water with lime. I used an insulated mug which is the way to go - you get a decent amount to drink and it stays cold. The so called diet coke was awful, and I think it was a local cola.I had problems with my cable, took 2 days for them to address it - I can't tell you how many times I must have reported it. They have a couple of people working at guest services who are rude and snarky. I think when I finally said I would take this further, I coerced someone into action, as the girl then sweetly told me she made a special call on my behalf and had it fixed. There is one blonde girl who is very good at guest services, and she speaks excellent English, but she wasn't always there. So more often than not, I had to deal with the other two, who really need to have some training.I don't mind a hard bed, but this was beyond hard. It was like lying on a slab of concrete and the pillows were lumpy and strange. It also took me 2 days and many requests to land a couple of extra pillows.The beach itself was absolutely stunning. You can either take a shuttle which stops regularly in front of the main lobby or walk. It isn't a bad walk, but this place really isn't what I call beachfront.Again, the music would blare with the silly announcements at the beach, but we would just move away and were able to get a bit of peace. There is a snack bar there which is for the guests of the resort which had hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries, some salad, fruit, crepes, etc., so you won't starve. It was OK, especially when you don't want to trapise back to the hotel for lunch. There are a couple of markets, but they really descend on you and bug you if you are looking around. I didn't see much to buy, but purchased a couple of small packs of coffee and a pair of earrings. The first time I went they quoted me 8 dollars for the earrings. I went back and they then quoted me 25 dollars for the same earrings, I paid 5 which I think was a fair price.The other thing that bothered us was there were only beach loungers, no chairs. I don't mind loungers to a point, but can't sit in one all day. And one of my travelling companions definitely can't use one at all - so at the pool I would drag a chair to the pool from the seating area for the entertainment, and I would bring a chair down from the snack bar for the beach. It is a pity that guest comfort is not a consideration.There is also a pizza snack bar by the main pool which serves pretty OK pizza, drinks, french fries, etc. It is a pleasant area to sit for awhile, but during the afternoon you will once again be bombarded by loud, blaring music. We would sometimes go there at night after dinner to sit, as at least it was quiet at that point, and we didn't want to be stuck in our rooms, because again, no balcony or terrace.The other thing that struck us - much of the main area and paths are made of this type of cobblestone. The maids and workers would dutifully scrub this area every morning, and I saw one older woman take quite a tumble as it was always wet early in the morning, so take caution. As well, any time any one was wheeling a cart or their luggage, it made the worst racket. Not a very good design feature.The food was so-so. Some strange items I wouldn't touch, but you won't go hungry. I would usually have yoghurt, lots of great fresh fruit and there were decent buns and breads, croissants, etc. The toaster didn't work worth a da**, so not worth using. They would often run out of things like glasses, spoons, butter, etc., so you had to keep bugging staff for that. The staff working in the main restaurant were quite hard working and for the most part, very good. We would sit in the non smoking and had a couple of very good people that would look after us. I tipped them a couple of times, because they really do work hard.Although we sat in non-smoking, there was still an awful lot of smoking going on all over the place and I saw a lot of pregnant European women smoking and it really bugged me, but different attitudes and outlook I suppose.Dinners were a bit of another story. What saved me was an OK pasta bar, and I ended up eating that three times and it was acceptable, because at least you could pick and choose what items you wanted. The fresh vegetables were good, and there were some good items on the sweet table.We went to two of the specialty restaurants. When you make reservations they always tell you how booked these places are, but in reality, there are very few people. The Japanese one was a waste of time. Very lovely setting, but the service was lousy and they botched up my order - I ordered the shrimp and vegetable noodle dish but there were no shrimps. I explained there was no cameron (Shrimp in Spanish) and they kept telling me I didn't want shrimp. Oh brother.The Mexican restaurant was OK - the guacamole was certainly not as I expected, but it was edible and the chicken taco was good. It is also buffet style, you only get served your drink and dessert. I had ice cream because I had been craving it and the main restaurant doesn't serve it, which is a pity.There is also a lounge/coffee place called Dominico's which is quite pleasant, and we went there after dinner to sit for awhile. The coffee in DR is fantastic, but they freaked when I ordered an iced coffee. I ended up going to the bar and explaining what I wanted, they looked at me as though I was crazy. Oh well. The service was at times very slow here and there wasn't enough seating, it seemed to be a popular spot.Luckily, the weather was fantastic, which saved the trip - otherwise, we would have probably gone out of our minds. I guess lesson learned. The brochure listed this property as a 4 star, but it isn't. I doubt I would return to this property, unless they made some improvements - such as decent help in the main area, better communications, and balconies!I always meet people and make some long lasting acquaintances from my many trips, and this is the first time I wasn't able to speak to anyone outside of hotel staff. I enjoy a multi-cultural environment, but no one outside of our party of three seemed to speak English, so it was kind of disappointing.I would come back to Punta Cana, but would pay a bit more to stay in a superior property.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	3	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>H_Brock
<Content>AMAZING, Absolutely Brilliant! We stayed here last week (Jan 7-14). Had a great time! The food was excellent, our room was well kempt, the employees are nice, the beach is spectacular and the pool more-so. I have read some of these reviews and alot changed about the resort even whilst we were staying there. IFA is trying very hard to make this resort a 5-Star hotel by spring break. For example when we arrived a building was just having the walls put up and by the time we left, windows, tiles, flooring etc had already been completed. There is a fair bit of construction occouring as walk between your rooms and the beach however it hardly bother us to be honest. The spa is excellent as well and the food at the a le carte's were spectacular with great service and atmosphere (eat at the Caribe, the filet mignon was brilliant). We personally had no problems with our room, however one of the people we met down there had their roof eak when it rained however reception quickly gave them a new room and were on the roof of our building the next day. The disco was shite to be honest as the DJ's would play loud latin music for the first hour but after that it was a pretty fun time with more western music so long as you keep the liquor flowing. Food I would give a four out of five and I would personally say this is one of the best resorts I have been to. Be wary of what is written on here that is over two weeks old because, like i said, the resort is changing quickly to bring forward a fresh face for spring break.P.S. Try a tequila boom boom. Wont feel the alcohol, but it will hit you 10 minutes later, and the local drink mahiuana.As well, at the Cafe Dominicano ask for Mary mercedes, she was the best waiter I have ever had. Tipped her $10 at the end of our trip.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Kate099
<Content>Don't go! Don't Go! We booked eight weeks in advance and paid $1, 500 a piece - from Dec 30 - Jan 6 / 08. We booked to stay in the IFA Bravero Villages, but when we arrived, they put us up in the Villas(3 star vs. 4 star villages) The Villas are set back a far distance from the lobby and main pool area - there was a trolly taking people to and from, but seemed to be full or not operational all the time... Our flight was late and we checked in late, we realized the mistake when we reached our rooms. The six of us (all couples) had many problems with our rooms: 1 had no a/c, another no tv, and in ours the bedding was questionably dirty - my main problem was the long walk to and from the pool (15 min. and another 15 to the beach). We complained about our problems and were moved 2 days later to a building in the Villages - a new building still being worked on. Here we had no hotwater and no tv as they were not hooked up yet. After complaining again, 2 days later, we moved to the inner Villages - our third move-in...ahhhhhhhhh Here, the rooms were descent, but our room still had no tv! Which was a drag as it rained two days straight... It seems as though we spent a lot of our valubale vacation time at the front desk bitching and complaining about the accomodations than we did enjoying ourselves. The hotel was under construction and there was heavy machinery and work crews everywhere! Banging, drilling, jackhammering going on daily!THe Food - ok. a lot of weird and unusual dishes though - we banked on the omelettes in the morning and the pizzeria - AWESOME!... AVOID the a la carte restaurants - one was a buffet (much the same as the main restaurant) the other two were not the most tasty or reliable. Beach - Ok. the water was a nice colour of blue and green, but fairly merky and cool. A lot of seaweed washing up to shore. Most days chairs were available on the beach and around the pool.Locals / Help / Management - the workers were fairly nice and would smile and dance and be happy to see you....The management and help were LESS than helpful or accomodating - truly a disapointment! The magager was however, fairly reasonable and tried to help us after waiting to see him for many hours every time. Pool  Drinks - a large pool ajoined to a pool bar - both were good. Drinks were made differently at every bar and the slushly type drinks were never really slushy consistenly...:(Entertainment - not a lot. There was a kids daycare and activites for them though...OVERALL: We are accepting nothing less than a full or partial refund or travel voucher - we are all so displeased with this resort... We were stressed out and not ourselves the whole week (other then the last day when all was finally going well...) Please don't waist the money here avoid IFA at all costs. We are reasonable people and can put up with some things, but all mentioned above was way too much!Hope this helps.Kate :)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>bluewatergirl
<Content>Not yet up to standards First the negative--- This hotel is not yet ready for guests... Much construction going on, rooms not ready,,,,, Overbooked..... staffing not up to standard.... service not good in the buffets...Beds in the villas too small two double beds,,,, sheets do not fit.. water leaking from the walls. ceiling... Pillows are terrible very lumpy.... check in was terrible some rooms not made up.. very disorganized...Lots of walking!!!! Bus to beach every 10 mins or 10 minute walk.Positive-- Beach was great, pools were very nice,, food was ok,, the buffets were very busy often had to line up,,, beach chairs and pool chairs hard to get as people put towels down to save them... Drinks were ok but you had to pay for the nice drinks like baileys or drambuie...We went on the Dune buggy trip after the rain and got covered in mud... that was fun..We tried to make the best of it but I would not recommend this resort to anyone nor will I return...  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>AuntyBarby
<Content>Awful!!! I do not have much good to say about this place. From the moment we arrived and could only get one key (even offering to pay for a second with no refund) to our room. The pillows were like sleeping on a bag of popcorn, the beds were like sleeping on someone's dining room table. The sheets did not fit the beds. I asked for a blanket 4 days in a row, even from management at the front desk, and never got one. Some rooms are so far from the beach you have to take a bus. The food, passable. The wine was awful, and I can't imagine how this can be but the booze was lousy too. The pools were great. The beach is PARADISE!!!!The only saving grace for me at this place was the beach. I know you will think I am just a negative person but I have been to many all inclusives and this place was by farrrrr the worst.Try the Barcello Bavaro - no comparison!! the Barcello is great!Oh, and to top it all off, I came home with pets. Cyclosporra, a parasite from dirty food or water or something. To this date, one year later, I have had no positive reponse from them. I will never spend my money on an IFA resort again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Thaimae
<Content>Don't Go!! Beware!!!! What a disaster!!! We arrived to an open air, one room lobby with two hard benches - and it only went from bad to worse. The entire place was under construction. There were only 2 buildings open and our group occupied 5 of the rooms. The rooms were just opened and not yet finished. Our view out of our room was construction trash and instead of the music of the Dominican - we had jack hammers, drills, and other construction equipment going the entire time. Our air conditioner in the room did not work and we left the sliding glass door open (no screen) only to be attacked by bugs. They would only give each room one key which operated the power and air. If one of the occupants wanted to leave for some reason, the other was without power. The staff told us we could not walk to the beach as it was not safe and we would have to take a bus which ran every two hours. We attempted to make the best of it and headed off to the beach. When we returned, the entire place was full of smoke as they were burning construction trash and we were locked out of our rooms as there was a computer glitch. We spent over an hour in the halls waiting for the manager to open the doors. Once we were in, we were told that if we left the key would not work and the manager would have to let us in. The dinner buffet was exactly the same as the lunch buffet. We checked out the next day and moved to the RIU - and were we ever glad that we did. What a difference. No IFA in our future - sorry...but I can't even believe that they would rent rooms. Our visit was meant to be a relaxing Thanksgiving vacation - not a nightmare!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>brantrider
<Content>Dont Go!!! We arrived and left this property within four hours. The lobby consisted of two wooden benches,a table and a desk.Our view from the lobby revealed an empty swimming pool surrounded by very rough cobblestone, There was NO landscaping. Behind the pool was the building to which we were assigned (first floor) because one of our party was wheelchair.The room was up 4 steps withe no railing. We didnt even make it as far as the room.There were no balconies or terraces.After much hassle and rudeness from the desk personel we called our own taxi (and paid for it) and transferred to the Barcelo Dominican Beach where we were treated like royalty and had a great time even with poor weatherThe funny thing was the only other people that got off the bus at the IFA with us turned up at the Barcelo the next day too. They said they couldnt even walk to the beach becouse of all the construction equiptment and the entire beach section of rooms is closed Save yourself the hassle and change plans before you leave home  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Manchester_Legend
<Content>Lovers Paradise We stayed 1st to 8th October 2007 and had a wonderful time. WEATHER: Mixed, sunny early and late hours but rain (sometimes very heavy) during daytimes. It was cloudy but still very hot and we still got sunburned! The clouds suited us as we are fair skinned so this was a godsend. There is little shelter on the beach or around the pool areas.HOTEL: On arrival we were faced with building/refurbishment work on the village side of the complex.However, this did not in any way spoil our stay there, there was no machinary noise and the area was fenced off.The room was clean and spacious with two double beds and a large balcony. We stopped in the Ocean village part of the complex which nearest the beach, this was a big plus. The only downside was the shower which needs upgrading.Throuhout the grounds of the hotel there are motorised buggies that ferry you around the complex. The swimming pools are clean and relaxing. One has a bar serving cocktails etc all day. One pool was closed due to the refurbishment. However, when this is complete it will be fantastic.FOOD: Was always good with plenty of choice for young and old.You must try the 3 a la carte restaurants which offer a special service especially suitable for couples (not kids).STAFF: They were very friendly, courtious and attentive. Never an empty glass or dirty plate in sight and couldnt do enough for you.TIPS: Hotel policy at this all inclusive hotel is not to tip but the service was so good that we did sneak them a tip.BEACH: White sandy beach with clear blue sea with safe swimming zones and water sports.OVERALL: We had a great time and would suggest this is a holiday for couples who want a relaxing beach holiday.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>rich200
<Content>was spot on Well after reading all the reports on this place,i thought i was in for a bad holiday.I went with my partner and we are in our early 30s.How suprised i was,great hotel very friendly staff most spoke english and some spoke more than 3 different languages.(we are lazy).The food was good and the all inclusive package of local beers and spirits was more than enough.Rooms are large with two double beds or a single king size.Air con worked fine, pools were clean as was almost all of the hotel,glad i didnt go by the reports i had read i would have missed out.I think too many people think that they are on holiday to be waited on hand and foot,these people work here (workers like me and you) not slaves.The beach here is something else white sand as far as the eye can see,loads of sun beds for everyone.The beach entertainment is good not to loud and is run by a really funny animation team,henry and happy seem to be the main ones.I was there for the diving and good it is.The dive centre here is a real place to dive not just diving here but fun and a real feeling that they love diving,and have all the time in the world with you.Endless information of the area and the amount of dive experience is endless taking a dive with gaby,chriss and this dive centre will for sure be one to be remembered.finally out side the hotel dont listen to the rep dont go out,its very safe.I did it all local pubs,clubs,shops and i use the local motor bikes they go a long way for a little money.Get out of that hotel and see the real D.R you will be suprised,ok you may spend a few pounds but your on holiday make your own holiday.Local villages are very interesting and you may get people trying to sell you something but this happens at home.All in all a beautiful place but make sure you see it all go out of the hotel.................................richard england  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlesagonicz
<Content>Great vacation for the money Just arrived home yesterday from Ifa Bavaro Village. We traveled with another couple, and a total of four teenage girls, from 14 to 17 years old. We had a vey fun time, but the day was never long enough to just relax. At the beach they offered catamarans, and if you didn't know how to steer it, you could ask for a driver, which we did, and just tipped him. He took three of the girls out all along the coast, stayed out for an entire hour, and even jumped off the catamaran to pick up a huge star fish for them to look at. the beach was pretty, we always found palm trees to sit under, as after the first day, we needed the shade. Plenty of chairs, the water was always calm, and the sand was cool.Their was a language barrier with the employees and the other guests, but with my very little spanish language, we got by just fine, and we all had a great time trying to interpret each other. We used alot of sign language, but came away with a lot of great laughs, and great memories. We tipped often, only because the people worked so hard, and I know they truly appreciated the tips. The manager at the buffet came to our table every night a few times making sure eveything was fine. The food was very good, with alot of variety for dinner at the buffet by the pool. Try the different foods, and you will be pleasently surprised. Abundant with fresh, sweet fruit, smoothies, and lots of alcoholic drinks. The room was OK, but clean. No wash cloths, we had to ask for extra towels the first day, but after that, we never had to ask again. By the second day, they filled our refrigerator with beer, soda, and water. The beds were hard, but we were so exhausted by the time we made it to bed, I still slept like a baby. The entertainment crew worked really hard, and they seemed to have a difficult time getting people to get involved, but when they did, they had a good time. The nightly entertainment wasn't at all what I expected, but we went every night to the disco, and got some laughs out of it. I recommend making reservations at the Mexican  Japanese Rest. The food was wonderful, and so was the atmosphere. They are doing construction, and I would like to see it in about another two years, it looks like it will be beautiful. We had a great time, you can always find something to coomplain about, but we went to have a good time, and we did. For the money, this was a nice place to go, and I am glad we did.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Toronto_girl13
<Content>Could be better I have stayed in this hotel for a week with my boyfriend. I can't say that I was very disapointed, but I wasn't very happy about the trip too. It is, probably, because I have stayed at 5 star hotels before. My biggest complain will be the SERVICE:Non of the staff spoke english, and most of them were rude and unhappy. Many times barteneders ignored us, but it wasn't busy. If I have tried to ask for something, they did not even try to understand me. I have been drinking beer and wine for the whole week, because the cocktails were awful. Once I have asked for baileys, and they said I should pay $5.00 for that. I'm not cheap, but isn't it suppose to be all inclusive?Another thing I didn't like was the meal times. There were to big spaces between the meals. Sometimes we were hungry and had to wait until they start servig lunch or dinner. Both me and my boyfriend usually going to bed very late, and we wake up very late. If we woke up after 10:30pm we had to be hungry until lunch (which is I think is at 1:00pm or 2:00pm). But we didn't want to wake up at 8:00 or 9:00pm on our vacation and be tired all day.The FOOD was ok. Liked the a la carte restauants, especially Japanese one. Didn't like Mexican, because it seemed to us like a regular taco bell. The buffets were ok, but not too much variety. Especially the beach one, which was opened for lunch. It would be good if you like junk food. But I can have burgers, fries and hot dogs in Toronto, and I'm not a big fun of junk food. I was hoping to get some nicely cooked meat or seafood, well they had a bit of that, so I wasn't hungry.The ROOMS are nice and clean, but nothing special. We tipped the maid daily, but she never did any towel swans etc., which they always do in other hotels. On one day, lots of ants suddenly appeared in our bathroom. It looked like somebody spilled something sweet on the floor, and ants have covered this small area. But we have never eaten or drunk something other than water in our room. It was late night, so we were too lazy to go to the reception. So we just killed them using my perfume and hairspray. The bathroon was cleaned the next day by maid. The BEACH was great. Can't somplain about that. Nice warm water, sand and tall palm trees. We spend most of our day there, so I cannot say anything about the pool.ENTERTAIMENT was ok. Lots of activities during the day, but we didn't like the evening shows, because they were mostly in Spanish. Disco on the beach was good, but they play lots of latin music, which most people (not me) didn't like, and sometimes disco was pretty quite.Overall, if you have never been to more expensive resort you will like this place. If you looking for something more luxury, pay extra 200-300 dollars and go to a better place, which I will do next time.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>tangy711
<Content>Loved it! We booked our vacation thru Apple Vacations, good price..but we flew with Spirit Airlines and i do NOT recomment it to anyone..Spirit Airlines was awfulllllllll....the flight attendants were rude..and you had to pay for any snacks or drinks you wanted..and then they left our luggage in FL..so we had to wait 2 days to get it.......ANYWAY, our first impression of IFA was good..we liked the look of the lobby..and the checkin in fast and smooth..we got the villa section we requested weeks in advance..it was in the Ocean Village rm. 3721..the location of the room was perfect..right in the middle of everything..close to the buffets..pools..and beachThe Room- nothing too fancy..comfortable space tho..the bathroom could use alot of updating tho...we had a nice big king size bed ( not comfortable..really hard)...but the AC was ice cold!!! and with the fan on, it felt we were in a freezer! Restaurants- we only ate at the buffets..and the Japanese Rest...i must say i was expecting sushi and hibachi..but it wasnt anything like that..i wouldnt eat there again, but the main buffet El Colibri was wonderful! the food was fresh, and many options..meat,pork..vegetables...lots of fruit ( the mangos are absolutely delicious!)...the breakfast buffet was wonderful also...the omlette bar was always a long line..it was goood..lots to choose from..Beach- WOW the beach was beautifullll!!!! and what i liked most about it was we didnt have to wake up at the crack of dawn to get a chair..it was never crowded (not once)..one day we slept it and went to the beach late (around 11am) and it was still not packed..it was nice and quiet..alot of nude women walking freely..mostly europeans..i felt adventerous and took my top off also!...why not?!Shopping- some people said there was a flea market next to the hotel??? i didnt see one at all!! maybe back then there was, but its 2007 now and there was no flea market...we went to the newly bult Pavilion Shopping mall...theres a free bus every 2 hours that takes you there, and i must say, it is nice..but very very pricey..its not a souvenier place..they sell like rolex's and high class stuff..but a nice place to roam around..they have some nice restaurants there if you want something differet..theyre building a Hard Rock cafe..so that will be a nice place to go..other than that we took a taxi to the Plaza de Bavaro..now let me warn you, they will hound you and harass you to come into there stores...its a great place to go souveneir shopping, but there kind of annoying..but hey, that s how they make their living...if you dont mind the hounding, its a great place to go..nice stuff..just be aware of the poor kids wandering around..theyll follow you begging for change..and i saw one of them spit of someone bec they didnt give anyOVERALL- IFA was great, lots of entertainment (that made up for all the construction..they were re construction 3 sections..and it was quit loud and ugly to look at)..but other than that, worth the money..and i had a blast..i enjoyed spending romantic time with my honey..we stayed up till early dawn drinking and talking by the pool...it was great!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kelsytropico
<Content>Great Little Hotel We stay at the IFA Ocean Village the 3rd week of March, I must admit we have a fanastic time. It is not 5star, but good value with nice amentities. The room was sparkling clean, had 20 foot vaulted ceilings, a beautiful view of the AMAZING ocean, a TV with lots of stations, Bathroom with all the neccesities, decent enough bed  pillows. After reading the reviews, we were worried about the room...I even brought scented candles and our own pillows....but we never had a thing to worry about. Room was perfect.The pools were great, warm and clean. Never had a problem getting a chair by the pools. The beach was AWESOME. We coudn't say enough good things about it. Very clean. Had to be there before 10am to get a good chair, but the couple of mornings we slept in, we were stil able to find a decent spot. The grounds were beautiful, we loved waking around and trying new pools and new bars.Food was good. I don't plan on trying every single thing every day, so by eating like a normal person, I never got sick of the food. The pasta one night, soup  salad the next...that sort of thing...eating normal amounts. The soups, although a strange green colour were fabulous. We were able to try all the restaurants and found them all good. Not amazing, knock your socks off, but I was always full and happy. Best things were the pasta grill, omelet station, fresh veggies/fruit, the meat of the day, ice cream. The a l'cartes were good. Great service and they felt like you were in a nice resturaunt. I really liked lunch: the beach buffet was awesome (crepes, chicken, fresh salad and fruit....). and the pool bar had some of the BEST pizza i have ever had. Drinks were soooo strong. I am talking almost all rum. I sometimes asked for a extra coke. They have great bar menus with lots of new drinks to try. Every bar tender was very different, so depending on who was serving you the drink recipe could change. I liked it. Kept it interesting.The entertainment staff was funny....they mostly hit on single girls and played the same song over and over. But I did do some beach aerboics and it was fun. Played bingo...didn't do the shows or the disco. We mostly just had drinks at night and fell asleep early to a movie on TBS.Service was always good, check-in/check-out a breeze, no problems with reservations, everything went as it should. We tipped a little bit, tried to speak spanish, and followed the golden rule. It is so frustrating to hear people complain about the staff not speaking english, you are in THEIR country. Stop being so closed-minded, Things are different in a DIFFERENT country. Food will not be the same. Service will be different. Nothing was bad ever, sometimes things were different though. If you can't accept that you might as well go to a resort where it is completely north-americanized, not this small resort with alot of character and charm. I am not new at all-inclusives, I have been to many 3,4,5 star places. This placed is great for 3.5stars, it was more than i was expecting and I would go back for a simple, but nice, holiday.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Idahothoughts
<Content>Once was enough! The purspose of the trip was for my sisters and I to take our mother on her first all inclusive trip and be together for the first time without our spouses or brothers. A girl trip. My sister booked the trip for us..she had been there quite a few years earlier with friends and had enjoyed herself. Many things had changed since her last visit (way less free activities).I had never been on a trip where the main language spoken was not English or French. I went with no Spanish and that was a mistake. By the end of the week I had learned quite a bit and that helped make things better. Bring your pocket dictionnary if you do not speak the language.Since returning I have read the reviews and I have to say that they are all pretty acurate. The good, the bad and the ugly. The reception people upon arrival were rude and un-friendly...They tried putting us in a very very smoky room, that was nasty. They finally agreed after they attempted to clean it and a night spent in it that it was as bad as we said. Had to pay $21 for use of the safe.The rooms were old, fridges were rusty, the pillows lumpy...Our room and maids did a tremendous job in keeping the room clean. They were constantly mopping the hallways. They were very slow at getting clean towels to the room, sometimes it was after 5PM. The beach towels were always in abundance for towel exchange though. Sometimes we traded our dirly beach towel for a clean one to shower with. The hot water was out more than it was on..however cold water is not very cold there. Our electricity did go out during the night for a few hours. The fan and AC were noisy. The water in the tank of both toilets (two rooms) never shut off, no mater how many times you worked the tank. The rooms facing the main pool are noisy all day long due to the live entertainment but it was also fun to sit there and watch the activity around the pool. Pool chairs must be claimed by 7:30 AM or you are out of luck for the whole day. Most people put their towels on them before breakfast. Beach chairs with shade had to be claimed by that time too. Long walk to the beach or a bus ride and you still have to walk. No waves due to coral reef way out. Swim area surrounded by rope and noisy boats and smelly boat fuel. Water was crystal clear, the bottom of the ocean was either beautiful white sand or short weeds. Lots of floating weed debri and beach edge wasn't ever raked up while we were there.Beach is long, white with beautiful sand and Palm trees.The gounds are beautifully kept. Always someone cleaning up.The food..It was good the first 3 days until you tasted everything and realised it was just OK. Fruit was always good though. My family enjoyed the coffee bar at night. Surprisingly there was very little fish to be enjoyedThe Mexican was good, do not expect the American version of it though...Japanese was closed and the Colonial was ok too. You need to reserve a few days before to get a spot and it is worth it just to get out of the crowded rude people at the buffets. Many Europeans were so pushy about getting their food, they would just jump in front of you like the food was going to disappear.You could order the same drink 10 times from the same waiter and it would never be the same. Their orange juice was more like Tang, yuck. All their drinks were so watered down, the only way to get drunk on the free drinks was if you asked them for an extra shot. Good luck at getting them to understand that.The entertaiment was sometimes fantastic, sometimes crude and sometimes just long and boring. The same 16 people did all the shows, entertainment around the pool, exercise and games. They were quite a few talented dancers...Very hard workers.I was not happy when I first arrived, no one tried to speak English even though we attempted Spanish, after a few tips some of the waiters warmed up to us. I told the gentelmean in charge of service that his employees needed name tags and to smile more..he agreed and he said they were workng on the name tags. I think it is important to recognise the employees who excel at their jobs and make you feel like you are on vacation. So many employees made me feel like I was imposing on them.The only free stuff to do was renting the mini sail boats and kayaks and you neededa $30 deposit to do that.The half day shark and sting ray excursion  was fun but a little expensive ($78 US). After I got over what I did not like and could not change about this place I started enjoying myself. I was there for relaxation, sunshine, being with my family, long walks and I got to do all that.I think I got what I paid for... but next time I would pay more and hopefully get more.I don't see myself going back there...not enough Americans... each resort on both sides of this one had tons of Americans on the beach. One way to tell was by their Quicksilver and Biilabong bathing suits, IFA had too many Speedos and topless women who should have kept the girls hidden (sorry ladies...).  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	3	

<Author>grandmonsterb
<Content>Not a very good place to stay       Resort Beach  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	4	2	3	

<Author>sam81
<Content>Good and bad My boyfriend and I stayed at IFA from Feb 7th to the 14th. We had a nice trip but there are definitly some things about this resort that need improvement.Rooms: The resort is broken up into three sections. The farthest one from the beach is the villa section, the middle section is the village and the one closest to the beach is the ocean section. When we first arrived at the resort, we were in the ocean section. If you are planning on staying here, make sure you put in a request with your agency to stay in the village part of the resort. Our first impression of the room was aweful. The super 8 has nicer rooms. We were on the first floor (i had requested 2nd or 3rd) and we had two double beds instead of a king size. My boyfriend and I are both really tall and we sleep in a queen size bed at home, so we really didn't want to be spending our vacation squished into a tiny bed. The air conditioning barely worked and it was so humid in the room that the beds felt wet. The view from our patio was the path that goes to the beach and if we had the curtains open we had people staring right into our room. There was also a security guard right outside 24/7. One day we opened the door and he was leaning up against our balcony. There was also what looked like a big pile of garbage outside. Not a very nice view. The bathroom was not what you'd expect to find at any all inclusive resort. It was horrible and old. We had read lots of review complaining about the rooms before we came and one by one all the things we read about were coming true....light switches that do nothing, a broken patio door (it came right off the railing and wouldn't close and they said they'd fix it and never did), no hot water, the disco being loud, etc. Some reviews mention low lighting....this is because the lamps that they use (at least in the ocean section) have energy saving bulbs in them and they give off a different colour of light. Instead of a nice evening glow you get a sort of sci-fi look. Not very romantic. Anyways, the next day we asked to be moved to a room with a king size bed and we were told that we'd be able to move the next day at 2:00. We were put in the village section on the second floor with a beautiful view of the main pool. This room was a MILLION times better than the other one. I can't even believe they were in the same hotel. There were swan shaped towels on our bed (king size bed!) and little red flowers everywhere. The airconditioning worked really well and the bathroom was newer and nicer than the other one (not as nice at a 4 or 5 star but still decent). We were much happier in this room...the only complaint I would have is that we could smell cigarette smoke that I believe was coming in through the air conditioning. Gross!. Also, they only give you water in your fridge....I knew there wouldn't be alcohol but I thought there would at least be some pop. My boyfriend at I went to the mini market one day to buy a couple bags of chips and a two litre of pepsi for the room and it came to $16 american!! I would strongly suggest buying a bottle of duty free on the plane to have in your room and bringing pop with you or snacks in your suitcase. On our last day, our flight home was 7 hours late so we ended up staying at the resort and swimming all day. Because we had already checked out of our room, they gave us a courtasy room to shower in before going to the airport. The room was in the villas section so it gave us the opportunity to see what they were like. This room was almost worse than the first. It looked so run down, again I can't believe it's part of the same hotel. If you go here, make sure you stay in the village!Food: The food here is great! The buffet breakfast is really really good...amazing omlettes and pretty much everything else you can think of. Crispy bacon! It's hard not to go all out on breakfast! The grill by the beach is good...hamburgers and hot dogs (although the ketchup tastes like apple cider vinigar...so does the mayo and pretty much every other kind of sauce!). They also have delicious chicken wings and fries and crepes! I waited til the last day to have a crepe and I wish I had tried them sooner. There is a pizzeria by the main pool and I swear it's the best pizza in the world. I was so sad to leave it. The mexican restaurant is really good and the japanese is just ok. The buffet at night is great....always something for everyone. We didn't try the caribe.Beach: AMAZING!!! But if you like waves, there is a reef at this section of the beach so there are none. But it's still paradise!Pools: We only swam in the main pool in the village section and it's very nice. There is a small pool in the ocean section that looks nice and a bigger one in the villas section...also really nice. There is no bar tender for the swim up bar. So if you want a resort with a swim up bar, don't stay here! Disapointing. Also, if you want alcohol in your banana mama or your pina colada, you have to ask for it. I was drinking virgins for the first day and a half!Show: AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!! If you're a so you think you can dance fan like I am then you'll love the show. I don't know where they get these dancers from but they're amazing! And all the girls are beautiful!Animation: They animation staff are really good...always doing something. There's a group by the main pool and a group by the beach. They do things like morning stretching, arobics, dance lessons and crazy games in the afternoon. The only annoying thing is that you'll here the same 4 or 5 songs over and over and over again! (Latinos!!)Disco: The disco is ok....punta cana is really relaxed and there's not much of a night life. My bf and i were too tired most of the time anyways. It would probably be more fun if you went with a group of people.Service: The service was good except for the front desk staff which I found to be a bit rude. All in all I think this is a nice resort if you're not picky about details. I didn't think that I was, but after this trip I'm afraid I'm turing into a bit of a snob! If you've ever stayed at a 5 star before then you'll probably be dissapointed. Go there with a positive attitude, switch rooms if you have to and everything else should be fine. Oh yah...don't go to the palma real shopping mall....it's not finished yet and the bus leaves you there for at least two hours. We wanted to go back after 40 minutes and were kinda stranded! If you have any questions about this resort you can e-mail me.... samanthanne81@hotmail.com  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>eez247
<Content>Great! I will post this review under both the IFA Villas and IFA Village as they are part of the same resort complex.Overall this resort is above average and I would rate it a four out of five.My girlfreind and I (both 27) arrive on JAn 29 and stayed until Feb 5, 2007.Facilities:Upon arrival they put us in the Villas section, room 1089, I asked them if they could move us closer to the beach and they said they would have a room in the 4000 block on the 31st.THe VIllas section is quite a ways away from the beach. The higher your room number in the 1000 block the further away you are. Overall my room in the Villas section was a little run down compared to the room I was given later in the 4000 block. I the worst problems were the shower( no tub) was very low flow and took a long time for the water to turn hot. Also the refrigerator did not seem to cool very well even on high. The TV had no remote and the front door did not seem very secure. I would recommend everyone to rent a safe ( $3 dollars a day) The Villas overall wuold be good for someone who would prefere a quiet location pool site rather then a crowded beach. Or the foot traffic of the other more central pools.The main stage, 3 al cart restaurant , a pool bar and Captain lounge are all located in the Villas section. The 2 buffet restaurants are located in the other parts of the complex so they are bit of a walk to get to.On the January 31 we moved to our room in the 4000 block in the Oceans Village section (4036). The room overall was in much better shape the our other room in the Villas The biigest improvement was the flow of the shower. The TV had a remote and as we were on the third flow we had a balcony. We were now only a short walk from the beach.The beach was great but make sure you wake up early and put a towel on a chair. Many days we slept in and could not find an empty chair and had to go over the Barcelo section of beach.Find the stage and stay away from it if you prefer quite as they like to blast the music.I found the grounds were very well kept and secureFoodOverall the food was very good. You could aways get something to eat from 7 Am to 3AM. The buffets offer an abundance of different foods. They always have someone on the grill cooking something. My personal favorite was breakfast, the cook woould prepare an omelette for you from an assortment of ingredients for your selection. My only complaint would be that sometime the waiter or waitress would take too long to get my drink and I'd be finished eating by the time it arrived. I only ate at the International a la carte restaurant so I can not comment on the other two. Many days I would grab a slice of pizza from the snack bar beside the pool in the Village section.The disco (afterhours at the beach bar) was somewhat of a disappointment as it was not very well attended. But you can go there to grab a bite to eat up until 3AM. Staff and entertainmentOverall the staff were very freindly. I never had any problems getting a drink. Sometime I'd go up to the bar and be asked what I wanted by three different bartenders while the fourth was alreadty preparing my order. If you are sitting at a table the waitresses can take some time coming around so I would have to go to the bar to get another drink.( No big deal) The Animation team (entertainment) was very good and they try to keep you entertained. AtmosphereThe week I was there the resort was mostly attended by couples and European tourists (mostly French). Although I did see many different combinations, groups of women , groups of men, some families etc I would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>sandragug
<Content>Paradise       people streching on the beach  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MotherVegetable
<Content>Beautiful beach, uneven amenities On the whole, we had a pleasant stay at IFA Bavaro Village. We liked the casual, informal atmosphere. Our room was spacious and clean. Extremely lumpy pillows, erratic a/c, dim lighting (not one but two mystery switches that controlled nothing we could identify), and a balky patio door detracted from the overall comfort of our room. The staff were sweet and good with our kids, the beach and pools were wonderful, and we appreciated the casual buffet-style dining. As for dining here, I can't fairly judge the overall quality of the food, because we are vegetarians and often found it challenging to put together a balanced meal from the offerings. Hot vegetables, pasta, potatoes, and rice dishes were more often than not made with meat (our omniverous companions fared better). The specialty restaurants might have been better, but since we were a large group we opted to stick with the buffets as getting reservations seemed problematic. Wait staff were very nice. Other annoyances: no decaf, few whole grains, vague or misleading signs on the buffet. Beware eating here if you have severe food allergies, unless you speak flawless Spanish! Wonderful fresh fruit, exotic yogurt flavors, and hot chocolate at breakfast, beachside crepes at lunch.Resort wide, there were several issues that we had trouble with. We had asked for two adjoining rooms (small kids involved) but were given rooms across the hall. We were told nothing could be done about this until mid-stay, when the trouble of packing and moving would make it not worthwhile to move. They only give you one room key, regardless of how many occupants of the room. There is also no directory of phone numbers, services, or even a map of the resort; you literally have to blunder around to find things. Our room was close to the beach but also close to one of the bars, and it was pretty loud at night.If you go here, please pledge not to litter on the gorgeous beach. It was heartbreaking to see the discarded cups and straws all over at the end of the day. Pick up after yourself.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>jesyl
<Content>Never again! We stayed at IFA Bavaro Village from Dec.28-Jan.4/07. First off we enjoyed our stay because Punta Cana is beautiful, the beaches are truly amazing. Now for the resort, the grounds were nice and well maintained but the rooms were awful. Extremely old and run down. The tub was black and the paint was peeling. We barely had any hot water so you really had to plan your showers. The employees were generally very unfriendly especially at the reception area and bars. Even after generously tipping there was no improvement in the service. I would not recommend this resort because of the state of the rooms and the hospitatliy. The beds were hard like a rock and the pillows were as lumpy as can be. Luckily they have a brand new spa which by the end of the week a massage was desperately needed. I would certainly pay extra next time and stay at a 5 star resort!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>allovertanguy
<Content>We enjoyed the IFA Bavaro Village As many of you know the IFA Bavaro has 3 different resorts within 1. We stayed at the Ocean Village which is the one closest to the beach. Yes, it is also closest to the disco that starts at 11:30- 3:00 A.M. We knew this before and took some ear plugs with us, which we needed. On the plus side, though, we were close to the beach and had one of the buffet restaurants and sports bar right outside our building which was great in the morning for breakfast and later for drinks.The rooms are basic but clean, and as many have indicated the bathrooms need to be redone. Found no bugs in the rooms (we had 2) and always had clean towels. The maid did forget to put water in one of the rooms one day, but we found her and she quickly got more water for us. The food was basic buffet style, but there was always something there that was to our liking. There are three other restaurants as well that you have to make reservations for. We chose the Mexican Restaurant. Basically a mexican buffet. Not very good.We went to the Colonial Restaurant twice and enjoyed it. They had an ala carte menu that had various seafood and meat dishes along with a good selection of appetizers and desserts. We didn't go to the Asian restaurant.The beach of course was great. We would wander down after breakfast and as long as we were there before 9-9:30 we would have no trouble finding a lounge chair. All the chairs were in good shape as they must have been replaced recently. I would say that maybe because it was the holiday season there was not a lot of topless women. Maybe 5% at most at the beach and only a few around the pool.The bars were all good and service was prompt at them all. Our favorite was El Capitan bar. It was great to sit and play some cards after a day at the beach and get a proper drink in a real glass instead of a plastic cup. They also had a cappuccino machine which was nice. They had also recently opened a snack bar at the middle pool which served good pizzas, burgers and hotdogs.While the rooms in this hotel are a little dated most of the other facilities are good and the service was good ,so for what we paid we all agreed that it was good value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Falkor
<Content>Great beach, Hotel complex overrated!! Brace yourselves this could be a long one. We just spent the week of dec 31st to jan 7th at the IFA bavaro ocean hotel in D.R. This was my third time to the D.R and my worst experience by far. I have written reviews about all my trips and have been very fair and honest and this will be no exception.We booked through Your Travel tickets.com and they were first class and got the best price. The flights there and back were great with Skyservice. The only snafu was we were not sitting together but within a few minutes of takeoff and a little seat shuffling all was good. On the return we had exit seating which is good because you get an extra foot in front of you.After landing the processing at the aiport was fast and furious and we were on our way. If you are travelling and you don't have a passport yet PLEASE get one as it makes it 100% easier at any port of entry.Arriving at the hotel, first in line for registration, show docs and done quick. I noticed a low room number and that sent up a red flag. I had read through this site that they might try to put you out in the villas upon arrival at night, you being none the wiser. Well they did.The room was something out of a flop house. The bed sagged in the middle, the pillows looked like they were filled with lumpy cotton, the fridge was rusty and didn't close, there were small ants all over the place. Do you get the picture. Off to registration and wow, they were expecting me. Figure that out. they had me on a list already for another room next day at 2 pm. I was not impressed as we were the only couple put in the villas that night.So here we are new years eve and after all the hassle we made it to the party at exactly midnight. Happy new year everyone!!!!The party was awesome with some very impressive fireworks. We met some great people and had a great time. The day after was a little foggy. Get up and off to find a breakfast. After about 10 minutes of going this way and that we find the buffet. CLOSED. we had missed it by 10min. We had no idea as to what times they served as we arrived late and no info is given at registration. So now no food till lunch buffet at 12pm. Go looking for coffee. Only one coffee/cap/expresso machine on resort, another 1/2 hour wait for coffee. Finally its time for the beach, an astounding 15min. walk from the villas. But what a beach! just beautiful,and surprisingly no prob getting chair the first day, but for the most part if you do not put your towels out by 8am you were scavenging for a seat. We watched some seat stealing and even had one of ours taken while on a short walk. Also if you lose your towel you coughed up $20 to replace it. One family of 3 suddenly had 5 towels and this english couple had come back to find their towels had been taken by them, after being ratted on by others they went and took them back and the french lady argued that she needed them for her baby, she went and complained and the english couple were paid a visit and the situation explained with no further problems. 1/2 hour later the woman had 5 towels again and anothe couple had no towels. The saga continued. We spied the beach bar grill and finally had some food. Little did we know it then but they had the best food on the resort and it saved us a few times during out stay. Now its time for our room change and we get one closest to the beach with a ocean view. Maybe a 5min walk. Nice, or so we thought, until we were going to bed and the disco pounded out till 3am. we found if you run the aircond. it drowns out some of the noise, if that makes any sense. My girlfriend still could not sleep and relied on the beach for a few hours each day. We finally settled in and relaxed after day 1 and the week got better.The weather had high 70s to 80s with an offshore wind at about 10 to 20k all week and a few rain showers that were no big deal. Perfect tanning weather. The resort was clean and for the most part the staff very friendly.After the first full round of eating at the buffet we were not impressed. It was the same each day with no themed mealsThank god for the beach grill and the pizza grill it was the best food there and that includes the A'la' cartes. They tried to be food of different countries but missed the mark. The best food we had all week was when we were on a walk and the Melia down the beach had a beach BBQ and we blended in and had lunch with them. LOLThere are no shortage of bars on this resort ...BUT...try to get a drink. They go at a snails pace and if you do not make eye contact or have a tip in your hand you will wait. If you tip the service gets better but if you don't, you wait ..again. We caught on quick and picked a few bars to spread our tips and after a few rounds were instantly recognized, sometimes the drink was poured as they saw me walking up and handed it to me as people still waited for their orders.We quickly found out that as english speaking people we were a definate minority at this resort. The two main languages of the week outside of spanish were Quebec french and german. I am not one to judge other people and their language or culture but wow the majority of the french canadian people were rude and pushy.There were a number of excursions from this resort which we did not do as we have done them before. There were some energetic nighttime shows but after 2 you pretty well saw what they had. The animation staff I feel didn't put in the effort to get people to particpate in activities as they hardly got anyone to particpate. Except for beach volleyball which got pretty competitive.We did meet some fantastic people, Steve and his family from Thunder bay, the principals and thier daughter from T.O and Simon Richard and thier ladies from England. We had some great times, thanx guys! we won't forget you.You kind of get the picture as to how things went. I could probably go on. If you read my other reviews you know we are not the proverbial travel snobs that go and pick out the worst things and trash everything that happens at a resort. These are from the heart opinions.This hotel is a strong 2 1/2 star resort but I feel with a little work it could be a 3 1/2 to 4. It is definately overated.If anyone has any other concerns about this resort that I have forgotten to cover (and I know there has to be something), feel free to contact me via an Email. listed in my profile....Thom  JenniferP.S. did We tell you it has a beautiful beach!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>boldmoves
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!!!       surrounded area  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>6828stacey
<Content>great hotel well.... me and my boyfriend just got back from ifa bavaro.. we spent 2 weeks!! from dec. 10 to 24 th. it was wonderful .. the pple are great mostly spanish, but if you you dont speak you can still communicate pretty well... the drinks are wonderful... i didnt know what the drinks were called but if you look around there are menus... miami beaches are great!! mmm ... its pretty expensive down there so bring lots of cash for excursions... i got braids done by a women on the beach for 40 dollars american...it was great 2 weeks was a little to long but it was great.... dont forget its a vacation and of course there will be music until 3 or 4 in the morning... .any questions email me ....staceystacey_08@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>celiajordan
<Content>NOT impressed. i have just come back from a one week stay at the IFA bavaro ocean village... I was worried about going there because i had read all the bad reviews from people on this site and i honestly thought There is no way it could be that badFirst of all - our room sucked. This hotel is NOT a 4 star hotel... MAYBE a 2 1/2. First of all we had ants in our room. Second of all our air conditioning broke 2 times in a couple days and we hads to make at LEAST 5 calls to customer service until someone actually came to fix it. The air conditioner leaked so much we could have taken a shower under it we had to leave towels underneath it at all times or else we would have had a huge flooded room... The resort it self sucked. The beach.. it was nice. If you want a place to relax without people in youre hair and loud music and people shouting this is not the hotel for you. No matter where you go there is loud music playing there are pelpe walking up and down the beach trying to sell you stuff and they never give up... At one point someone chased us down the beach trying to sell us a pair of earings. It was extremely stressful. As for the weather, it was nice. It only rained during the day once for about 10 minutes and than the sun came up.. it rained almost every night all night. The food was either reallly good or REALLY bad, and i mean really bad. The mexican restaurant was absolutely HORRIBLE. The japanese retaurant was wonderful, we didnt make it to the seafood retaurant. The buffet by the beach was the best... it had the same food everyday for lunch, but it was decent. The ones in the hotel were good... they had plenty of selection for food. In the mornings they had an omlete station and had bacon sausage fruit everything u could want. At night time they had pasta station were you could pick youre sauce youre pasta youre ingredients and so on... Lots of selection but the quality left something to be desired...ALSO... we were pleasantly surprised at our check out when they had told us the day we arrived to be checked out of the room by 4 30.. So we arive at about 4 20 to check out and the guy at the desk tells us we had to be out of the room by noon and that we had to pay a 25 fee because we kept the room for  An extra 4 hours  I would NEVER recomend this hotel to anyone and i would most definetly NEVER return to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>blackfoot
<Content>Pleasantly surprised!!! As a single, black female travelling to the Dominican Republic I was more than apprehensive, especially after reading reviews about the hotel. But suffice to say that i was pleasantly surprised by it all! After leaving the aircraft after travelling from London for 9 hours, it was great to be greeted by warm weather and beautiful women!!The hotel grounds were amazing! Every time I explored the ground, there was always something different to see and experience. It was encompassed in such a large, green lucious compound and was fantastic. It had a lot to offer - buffet restaurants, international cuisine and fine food. The staff at all restuarants that I ate at where ever so friendly and really went out of their way to help and make my stay very comfortable (need i say that the men made brilliant eye-candy!!!Mmm!)I made excellent use of the fitness centre, and suana and massage, and ensure that i worked off the food that i lazily ate.Also, the night time entertainment was fantastic - a good way of getting you in the mood. I tell Saturday Night at the Palladium had nothing on this - the entertainers were just amazing. WELL DONE TO YA!!!!!I tell you, i just can not wait to return to this gem of an island. Hasta leugo.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	5	3	

<Author>TheRealEclipser
<Content>Better then Atlantis My fiance and I and another couple stayed at the IFA Bavaro Villas (Ocean Villas) from November 6th - the 13th. After reading the reviews I was a little shaky on how this trip was going to be but I have only word for you.. PARADISE! There are 6 places to eat on the property (3 Buffets and 3 Sit Down resturantes) The food in all the places was GREAT! The menu will satisify everyones pallets because the diversity of the food is vast. Pasta, Fish, Steak, Veal, Veggies, you name it they have it! The People who work there are extreamly nice! They really take the time to get to know you and most of the bartenders and servers go to the disco at night and generally like to hang out with guests. Note: They are not looking for a handout because most of the people who work there also live in the resort. The resort provides all their food and beverages so they done need your money. 2 years ago my fiance and I stayed at Atlantis in the Bahamas and we actually had a better time at the IFA and are going back again next year! Don't let the low cost fool you! This place is worth WAY MORE! This should have a 4-5 star rating!Try the Marinearium tour! It was great!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shaundell
<Content>Wonderful!!!!       Horseback riding  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Felt like I was camping Just returned from IFA Bavaro Village, Punta Cana.Would never stay there again!!!!! BEWARE.Booked our trip with a beach view and to my surprise I was put into a room, if you want to call it that, on the other side of the resort, very far from the beach. To start, our room was filthy. Big yellow stains on the walls, 1 lamp with a shade that looked like it was sat on and put back, bathtub that was so gross I hated taking showers, our toilet did not flush and ants. I swear it is true. Lets talk about the shower... No water pressure at all, and one day we had no hot water. We even had a night without water. Towels, I don't think they know what they are. You were lucky to get a towel by 5 PM. The food was okay. Very hard to get into the specialty resturants, but the buffet was easy to get a seat. The food at the buffet did not change alot, same things everyday. The bar service was very slow, it took a little while to get served and you waited for your order. I was very dissappointed that there was not much to do there. For not being able to leave the compound, they did not offer an activities at night for the guests. They do have a show every night, but that got boring after the second night. The staff was very friendly, and honest. I dropped my wallet, and they returned it to guest services with nothing missing.The resort itself was very nice to look at. They kept that very clean, someone always sweeping, mopping, etc. After talking to several people about the resort, I knew I was not the only person that thought the place was not up to par. I would not recommend this resort to anyone,would never return to the IFA.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 Star Hotel Just got back from Punta Cana, Dom Rep.The IFA Bavaro Village Beach and Resort, although nice, not great.Our biggest compaint would be the lack of service. The people are nice, but are not very helpful. Although are problems were small they were irritating to deal with. When staying at a 4 star you expcect certain things, for example:face cloths, good water pressure, pillows that are not stuffed with large cotton balls, the staff to understand english, tennis courts and raquets to be in good shape, hot coffee and if you get coffee you would expect the milk to be close by, the swim up bar to actually have a bartender, enough pool towels for everyone at the hotel, towels in your room before 3pm, ....I could go on, but I won't.We still managed to have a great time, but should we ever go back to Punta Cana we will not stay at the Bararo Village Resort. I highly recomend you do your homework and research your hotel. I wish I new about this site before I booked my trip.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Dwayne&Dixie
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We booked our trip last minute, and shortly after read the reviews posted on this site, needless to say we were mortified, with the horror stories written by some of the past guests. We decided to go anyway with a little coaxing from my wife and 14 year old son. Our flight was great, we had a short stop over in Puerto Plata, time for a couple Cuba Libre's and back on the plane to Punta Cana. We checked in to our room, which was where I had requested, on the beach, and yes there was a little noise from the beach disco, but after a full day of fun and sun we slept like babies. The rooms were not fancy, but they were clean, the air conditioning worked great. The food we found to be great, breakfast they had omletes, pancakes, fresh friut smoothies, cheeses etc, lunch was a full buffet, and dinner was the same. We, unlike many others, tip a few dollars each time we ate, and a few times at the bar, infact we gave a lot of people working at the hotel a little money, they are very poor!!. Let me tell you that the smile, and service you got there after was excellent and worth every penny. We found most employees friendly, and willing to help, a little spanish also goes a long way, and they appreciate your efforts. The beach was spectacular, the beach cafe was great, chicken wings, pizza, hamburgars, spagettii, fresh fruit etc. There were lots of things to see and do, you could be as busy with trips and sight seeing, or kick back like we did and enjoyed the resort. We did go out the last evening of our trip with one of the beach vendors, Donillo and went to his brothers home and got a real feel for the Dominican people and culture. They are friendly, and very family oriented. It was the best part of our trip, my only wish was that I did it a few days sooner, so we could have spent more time together. To wrap it up I would like to say that we would go back in a heart beat, it was one of the best vacations I have been on in years. We have travelled to Cuba, Mexico, all through the USA, and Canada, so we have some experience with travelling. I'm not sure what people expect from all inclusive resorts that are only making about $50.00 USD per day a person for lodging, food and entertainment, which I forgot to mention was excellent, 10 piece bands, Vegas style performances, costumes, comedy shows etc. We look forward in returning, and will stay for 2 weeks this time, as 1 week wasn't enough. Thankyou to all the people at IFA who worked so hard to show us a good time!!! Muchas Gracias por Todo!!!!! Dwayne, Dixie and Mathew Maul !! Edmonton, Ab. Canada  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, Will do again       One of three pools. This by our villa(4300)  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort for mom  Upon arrival in Punta Cana, got a little nervous that we were the only people getting out at this resort. It was 9:00pm - check in was fast  efficient (about 3 minutes). We were put in the 3000 section of the village which I loved. Overlooking main pool and in the middle of all the action. I would have been disappointed if I was in the villas on the other side. They were old and extremely far from everything. Those people needed a shuttle to get to the main lobby!The staff was fantastic! Bartenders got to know you right away and were always pleasant. Breakfast waiters were terrible but lunch and dinner were wonderful.Beach is the best I've seen and never a problem getting a lounge at either beach or any of the pools.Rooms were clean - two very comfortable double beds for myself and my son. Buffets were good - enought selection so that it wasn't boring. The a la carte restaurants were okay. I would have been upset had it not been included though. Service was not great.Enough to do for my 17 year old son - although the flowing alcohol could be a problem! He met people and there was alot to do for both of us. He liked the disco each night and on the one night when he was later than I'd like - security and front desk were helpful and very compassionate to a frenzied mom!We went on the macao ATV adventure. The sales people were at the hotel every day and since my SUNWING representative was no help whatsoever, I booked the trip. It was shoddy, the vehicles were in disrepair and certainly no safety standards. However; we made the best of it and had a good day. I drove half the way and my son drove half the way.I have stayed at the 4 1/2 star LTI Beach Resort and found this resort to be comparable. I would definitely recommend for someone looking for a smaller resort.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kujo1695
<Content>Not a bad place, work to be done though Not a bad place to stay for two weeks. It has everything you would expect and is consistent with other 3.5 star resorts. Food is pretty decent and always something at the buffet to suit one's tastes.Rooms we found were clean. Pillows were definitely ready to be replaced so bring your own as I found it difficult to use what they gave us for two weeks. Our bathroom leaked due to the air conditioner condenser as well as a leak under the sink which was fixed after a few days in the room.Staff we found could be a bit rude. I've stayed at other 3.5 star resorts in D.R. and in Cuba and found the service there was superior. This is most likely due to the staff being overworked or something but I found it odd considering the great staff we had in Puerto Plata(same star rating). Ordering a drink at one of the bars could take awhile. The swim up bar isn't actually serviced which is a shame. However, we did find our favourites in the buffets who recognized us quickly and took care of all needs for dinner.Spent most of our day at the beach which is fantastic. Seems to be something everyone agrees with. One is able to do a bit of snorkeling right off the beach area for free (30 US deposit is required though). Careful of the boats as they get close to the swimming area and one actually steered wrong while we were out there and got hung up in the swimmer's area.Entertainment at night is decent. Repeats each week though so we saw some of the same shows twice. The audience involved shows are always good for a laugh.Don't miss the coffee bar El Capitan. Great cappucinnos and coffee to wake you up in the morning. Also, the best prices in gift shops were in the one next to the Villas quiet pool. Saves you from having to haggle with the guys at the beach. One nice thing about the beach is the vendors are all contained in one area so they don't bother you if you don't go to the shop area. Careful of the phony cigars too. We found the guys at the resort cigar shop were great and you may pay a bit more for cigars but it's worth it to know you have the real thing.The disco at the beach at night was good too. Gives you something to do if you feel like staying up a bit late at night.We were disappointed with the security though as a group of students from Spain kept the entire Village section up a few nights all night yelling and screaming under people's rooms and no action was taken by security despite several complaints. Their presence alone likely would have solved this problem.With good weather and good beer it is fairly easy to have a good time here. There is enough to do and we met a lot of great people. However, we found enough small problems added up and there is a way to go before this hotel reaches it's full potential.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a nightmare vacation We did not enjoy our stay at this hotel at all,our problems began when I became ill,my travel partener was not allowed to bring any food to the room(an all inclusive package that I had paid for).For 4 days I could not leave the room.The room was never really clean,we had to go looking for clean towels,our tub was losing its enamel and in bad shape,our water was turned off a majority of the time,and our sheets were not changed in the whole 2 weeks.We were not able to comunicate our problems to any one because our travel rep. was let go on the second day and we could never find out who had replaced him.(no matter how many people we talked to we were never pointed in the right direction and the language barrier made things so much more difficult).Getting back to the airport was another challenge as no one could tell us any info about our shuttle,we ended up having to find our own way .We so looked forward to this trip and were so disappointed. Niether of us would ever recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I got lucky, what and amazing place.       Nice beach shot  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Much Fun My sister and I, along with 2 girlfriends stayed here March 21-28. We had a wonderful time! I was pretty nervous about going after reading alot of these reviews but once i got there and seen how beautiful everything was my mind was put at ease for the most part. I was terrified to eat EVERYTHING (i tend to be a bit of a picky eater) and so i was scared that i may end up sick. But the food was pretty average. Its a pretty standard spread. I was in desperate need of some protien by day 3 and finally decided to try the chicken...ooooh boy chicken wings never tasted so good! Anyways, all in all the food was fine. Nothing to complain about. THe rooms were always kept very neat and tidy...no complaints there. No bugs. PHEW!! I did however ask to be on the second floor. (less chance of bugs) We had two clean towels every day...if you require more (for hair ect..) i suggest that you bring one from home. THere are NO wash clothes though so you have to bring that if needed! I must add though that sometimes the towels never came until around 5pm and the cleaning ladies will walk right into your room...even if you are in the middle of a shower. They just say hello and are on there way. I found the staff to be quite nice! You must show them respect though if you want it in return....i seen what happens to people who treat them as if they are below them and it is not pretty. The bar by the main pool (with all the activities) takes FOREVER to get a drink, no matter how pleasant you are. Its pretty easy to get a chair for sunbathing in the mornings. I just sugest to be out by 9ish if you want one for sure. There are lots of activities that the staff will try to get you involved with. Its funny at first but by day three of the same thing, you learn to just say no or pretend you are sleeping. haha! We met MANY nice people both young and old and everyone was quite pleasant. This is not really a party resort so if you are just looking to relax then this is the place to be. Now lets talk about the beaches! WOW! BEAUTIFUL!!!! I have never felt or seen sand like that in all my life! And the water is sooooo nice! The beach is certainly something we ALL can agree on! Oh one more thing, if you are needing to email family or friends go to the yellow gift shop (by main pool) it is the cheapest there and the computers run faster there. If you go in between noon and 2 its only a dollar for a half hour. Anyways, I had a great time here with my sister and our friends and i totally suggest staying here. Its a great place for a great price. HAVE FUN!!OH be sure to try the COCO LOCOS mmmmmmmmm......and BANANA MAMMAS........very tasty!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LaurieAlberta
<Content>Very Beautiful, Relaxing and Clean I just returned from the IFA Bavaro Village yesterday (was there from Mar 21-28). I went with my sister and a couple of girlfriends. My sister and I stayed in the 4100 block of the Ocean Village. Now we are not very high maintenance people, but as with anyone else, we have standards, and i must say that this resort lived up to every one of them. Checking in was a breeze - no problems at all, and they did everything they could to get us all set so that we could go and enjoy the rest of our day. The rooms were perfectly clean - maintained ever single day - even underneath the beds were cleaned, as i had left something under the bed and it was placed on the dresser when i got in later that day. The bathrooms were fine - no leaking bathtubs or ceilings, like many of the reviews i read before going, no bugs anywhere in our room at all. the only complaint i have, and it is a minor one - is that the towel situation is pretty sparse...my sister and i got 2 clean towels every day, which really isnt that bad - but if you require more - bring a couple from home. And you might want to bring faceclothes as well, as there are none of those. The grounds were beautifully maintained - with the walkways, and pool areas being scrubbed every single morning with soap and water. And the grounds themselves were quite pretty just to wander around. The pools were BEAUTIFUL. The most peaceful one is in the Villa section - but if you are looking to participate in daily pool activities - the Village pool is where you want to be. It is also the most crowded, and you do need to get there relatively early - but not at like 6 or 7 in the morning like people have been saying. like by 8:30 or 9. The food was okay - nothing exceptional - but it certainly wasnt as bad as people said either. I could always find something to eat - and my sister - who is extremely picky went away full after every meal as well. The omelettes and banana bread in particular were fabulous. The only minor complaint i had about meal time, was that it was difficult to get drinks - usually had to wait awhile to get them - but that is more due to understaffing than anything else. the servers were incredible - very friendly - and they really appreciate it if you bring them into your vacation, and make them apart of your festivities.....treat them with respect and you will get awesome service. treat them like crap - and that is what you will get. oh, and a couple of drink suggestions - the Coco Locos are fabulous, as are the Banana Mamas - but beware, they can be pretty strong!!!! Now the one thing that most people can agree upon - the BEACH. It truly is amazing. The sand is like baby powder, the water is warm and calm - so great if you are travelling with children, and there arent many vendors to bother you while you are suntanning. There is a market on the beach - so if you want to do your shopping that is where to go. but keep in mind that they ask exorbitant prices - always pay no more than 40% of what they are asking - and it is easier to deal with the men than the ladies....I hope this helps.....it truly was well worth the money - and i think it deserves more than 3.5 stars, and certainly better reviews than a lot of the ones i read......good luck and have fun!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mark-Edmonton
<Content>had a great time. Don't believe all the negative reviews you read on this resort. It is a 3.5 star and well worth the money. We stayed from 16-23 march 2006. The only way I could have had a better time would be to stay longer! The staff was friendly, especially if you gave them a smile and  HOLA . We stayed in room 3209, by the main pool close to the lobby. It was a busy pool during the daytime with lots of activities and music.The room.. was cleaned to our satisfaction. besides, who goes to a caribean resort to stay in the room. The bathroom could use some upgrades, but nothing worth crying about!The beach.... simply amazing! enough said. The food... I am an extremely picky eater.. being a bodybuilder. I never went hungry. just wish there was an all day buffet, as I like to eat 6 meals per day!The animation staff was very friendly and always tried to get your participation. In my opinion the only people that looked as if they were having a poor time were those who were expecting more out of a 3.5 star resort. Sorry, but i'm not high maintanence and don't need someone to wipe my -- for me. Read all the reviews I could get my hands on before we left.Go with an open mind, this is a 3.5 star resort in a poor country. As for excursions, they were never fully booked up as one review reported, infact my GF and I had one trip all to ourselves.For all those people who wrote negative reviews, next time if you want your hand held while you use the toilet, find a 5 star. You get what you pay for... for us we got more! It was a great time and well worth the money! any questions do not hesitate to email me! stephensonmp2@forces.gc.ca. If I can help with some Q's I will!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>read this before booking!!! My husband and I just got back on March 7th, we were in the ocean section in the 3400 villa.It was close to the ocean but the noise from the disco every night made for short sleeps. It went until 3AM and the music thumped our room.The new spa they are working on was noisy too.We booked a trip but they never showed up to pick us up..we talked to the liason who books the excursions and he couldnt get ahold of the company that he booked us through, so we were out of luck and then all the other excursions were full so we didnt get to go on anything.The rooms were awful.The bathroom ceiling leaked and every time the upstairs neighbors had a shower our bathroom flooded,the first time it went into my cosmetic bag and ruined my make-up..we complained but nothing was done. The floors were never swept or mopped because my husband dropped a glass and it broke on the first day and there were shards of glass every day for 4 days...I tried to explain to the maid but she didnt speak english so I finally took her broom and cleaned the floor myself.Every single day she left the balcony door unlocked and we were on the first floor..There was a major shortage of towels and we didnt usually get clean ones until 4 or 5 in the afternoon..we wanted a king sized bed and got 2 doubles, we wanted a second floor room and got a first floor room.The rooms smelt really bad, there were dead bugs squished on the walls, some light's didnt work, the tv didnt work for 3 days..There were cockroaches crawling around in the bathroom and in the closet on my clothes..I had to shake them out before I put them on.There were even a few crickets in the bed, I made it a habbit of shaking out the bedding every night.The food made us both sick, so most of the time we had to stay close to the bathrooms. The birds ate the buffet with everyone else.There are ants that bite on the buffet floor.. I started wearing bug spray all the time after the 2nd day, even to sleep in. We didnt find the staff to be very friendly, the pool bar was so slow, we were the only ones at the pool side and had to wait 20 minutes for 2 cokes, the bartenders didnt make any fun drinks but coco loco's, bahama mama's and pina coladas..we thought that we would be able to try lots of fun drinks but nope.We would sit for whole meals without anyone bringing us drinks..even water! The bottles of water in our room were not new when we opend them, but refilled from the water coolers at the bars.Seriously concider staying at another hotel...we are really layed back people and go with the flow but this was really bad.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect place to relax       The rooms are clean and adequate  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sgt.Dan
<Content>Good value, was impressed, had a great stay My wife, two teenagers, and myself just returned from the IFA Village having stayed there from Mar 5 - 12, 2006. We were in Room 3203 . We were next to the main pool. It was fine, rooms could use an upgrade but air cond was ice cold,food was good with an OK selection. Staff are friendly and polite. Tip the bartenders, they will remember you and look after your beverage needs quickly, or be prepared to stand in line waiting.Entertainment was good. Staff did their best to encourage participation all day long in the many activities they presented. From morning stretching and aerobics to an afternoon of fun activities by the pool, we were happy to be involved. IFA is not a hospital don't just lay around, have fun.Evening entertainment was ok too. They try their best, and can be quite funny. Bingo....Bongo...I was initally worried after reading the reviews on this site, but in spite of some negative reviews, we were quite happy and would return here again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Time, Good Bargain I stayed at IFA Bavaro from Feb 4-12. Ill change it up a bit and i wont repeat what everybody else said, The beach is by far the nicest part of the hotel, this isnt a party hotel so anybody looking to have party's this definately isnt the hotel for you, the mini disco is basically for young children, that could either be good or bad, depending if you have young children, there are more retired people then anything tho, the bar is very good during the day time but at night there is big lines, There are not all that many things to do but its All Inclusive so if you sit at the bar you will make the best of your situation, they have internet service there, no mini bar, no tennis courts, and if you can i would try to book it so you are not in one of the town houses that is about 15 min walk to the beach, you actually have to cross a street to get there, but im sure it is quieter, Shopping is very fun, they usualyl give you little freebies for going to there shop, if you are feeling intimidated just keep walking to another shop, people from other stands cannot bother you while you are looking elsewear, soo just keep walking and they will eventually leave you alone, some of the prices are crazy so just pay what you think it is worth and nothing more. Good hotel, good service. but nothing spectacular, good bargain however. 7/10  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i have mixed feelings about the hotel I am unsure about my feelings about this hotel. The resort is very nice and everyone works really hard to keep it clean. It is very large too. It was a good 15 min walk to the beach from where we were but we were way at the other end. At the bar el captain best coffee i have ever had in my life, I don't even like coffee. All the restaurants were good except the mexican their salsa was ketchup but with pieces of onions in it lol. The buffets were ok you can always find something you like. The animation team is the best it is the funniest thing i have ever seen. They did an awesome job. The beach is stunning white powder sand, blue water, can't ask for more. I did the saona island tour and didn't like it if i wanted to sit on a beach all day would have stayed at the hotel. The santa domingo tour was the same 4 hour drive back and forth and all you do is stay in a 3 block radius looking at 3 of their monuments never felt like I saw the city. it was nice to get out of the resort but was a waste for me. Ok the honest truth I would have given this hotel a 4 star but there is one big problem the rooms, they are a dump, the worst ones I have ever stayed in. Reminded me of a motel 6. I would try a different resort because of it. Everything else about the resort was great oh one more thing no one speaks english here majority of the language spoken is french and of course spanish, as I only speak english i found it hard to communicate with others.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Johanne_8
<Content>We had a great time       View from our room 4338  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>its-me4
<Content>Beautiful Beach!       path to the beach  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gringo48
<Content>IFA Bavaro Resort       pool  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok for the money My husband and I just came back from a long weekend in Punta Cana. I got a great deal on the flight, so I was somewhat desparate to book a hotel 2 weeks in advance pretty much everything was already booked. I found availability in IFA Bavaro and booked it. Yes, I read the reviews, but like I told my husband, I am not going to stay in my room-I am going for the beach and the water. However, this was not the same as I remembered from my last two trips. First and for most, the hotel is HUGE- we were put in the room 20 min walk from the beach. At check in they told us that the next day they had availability closer to the beach, which still turned out a 10 min walk. They have 4 buffet style restaurants, and, as always, breakfast was the best meal of all-can't really ruin eggs. All the food seemed repeat itself every day, needed seasoning, and some of it was just plain nasty tasting. I am one of those people that will try anything, but even I had difficulty varying my diet. All the meat in the buffet are very tough, right from the grill are decent. Smoothies were great-especially pineapple and banana. It was difficult to get coffee served at breakfast-not enough servers with coffee. Drinks were pretty good at all of the bars. The pools were good, but the location of all the lounge chairs was as if were on display to anyone who walked by going to the beach/restaurant. On the beach there were no palapas, which made it difficult to stay in the shade, since the palm trees are very tall. Another thing that really irritated me was that the beach was very noisy and busy with motorized activities. The ocean in Punta Cana as I know it is very quiet and peaceful-no waves, clear waters. Here the motorized boats were very close to the beach all the time, hellicopters flying over, banana boats, just all the time. The rooms were OK, all the necessaties were there. I would not reccomend this hotel if you can afford somthing better.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mountainman202
<Content>Good deal with very few problems We just got back from 10 days of vacation and it was a good time. (Not a Great Time). This hotel is in the process of some minor renovations. The spa is being built and some needed landscaping on the sidewalks. The resort is divided into 3 zones for rooms. Ocean Rooms, the Village area and the Villas. The ocean rooms are closer to the disco so if you desire some sleep stay in another location because the disco begins at 11:00pm and ends at 3:00am every night. The village rooms are nearer the main pool and the action begins at 10:00am and continues until 5:45pm everyday. The Villas are located at least 15mins walking time from the beach and 5-10mins from the main dining areas.This is the oldest part of the resort and the rooms look like small beach cottages. Kind of run down looking and really far from anything. Our Room= We stayed at the Village and in the 3401 building. Our room faced the main pool and we were on the second floor. Clean and had a balcony overlooking the pool. Very loud all the time because of the constant music and the drunks coming back from the disco at 3:00am every night. The music never changes. The same songs over and over. It's the same routine everyday. Not all rooms face the pool so if you want some peace once in a while take the rooms that face the pond in the back of the building. The room comes with only two large towels and if your lucky a bath mat and a smaller towel. These towels are hard to come by and sometimes after the room was made up we had to go looking for the maid to get even 1 towel. One day we didn't get fresh towels until 6:00pm.We had a power failure at least once a day. No running water lights or A.C. The Food= There were really two areas to eat. One located near the main lobby and the other about half way to the beach. Both are Buffet style and had a good selection of different foods to choose from. They had another buffet type food area on the beach but it was more or less there for lunch and a snack.It doubles as a reservation only for dinner from 7:00pm until maybe 9:30pm then it becomes the disco. On site there are 3 more reservation only restuarants. The Japanese The Carribean and the Mexican. We went to all three and found them to be very good. Our choice of best was the Japanese but if you enjoy a good steak the Carribean was great. (These are included in the all-inclusive program as well.)  The Beach= Nice Nice Nice! But, No palapas, little shade only palm trees and sand. When we arrived there was not enough chairs for everybody so we had to get to the beach before 7:00am to get a seat. About 5 days into our stay they delivered a ton of new chairs so there wasn't a problem after that. Swimming and WaterSports= The swimming area is roped off in two different locations. You can swim about 50 yards out and maybe a 100 yards wide. The water will not be over your head even by the bouys. Kayak and sailing is included but there are no waves at all. plenty of action in the water and safety should be your number one concern. I saw two speed boats driven by tourists go right through the swimming area cutting the ropes and just missing 6 people. No lifeguards. You're on your own! Snorkeling= If you have done snorkeling before you will understand when I say it was AWFUL! No fish no reef off the beach. You can pay for a trip if you want to snorkel or dive. We went on the Soana Island Snorleling trip and saw starfish and some sponges but little fish were present. I've snorkeled in Mexico at Akumel and Cozemel and Grand Cayman. Not even close! Tours and off site= You can get a better deal on the excursions at the Bavaro Plaza in town. Much cheaper than the resort guys. I recommend R.H Tours in Bavaro Plaza next to the sidewalk bar on the corner. No problems at all! Be prepared for culture shock. We took the public transportation(bus). One dollar is the fee and they pick you up at the main road at the bus stop. About a 15 walk from the resort. There is no problem walking to the stop. However once in town you will be hounded by people selling everything. Just say gracias and keep moving. Never pay the asking price for anything ...barter barter and more barter.  Biggest Obstacle= The Language Barrier. Hardly anyone speaks english so be prepared for an adventure if you're not bi-lingual. Not many Americans. Alot of Canadians and French. By far more Germans than anyone else. Staff very friendly but hard to communicate. Overall Rating= This is not a 4 or 5 star resort but a good deal for the money. If I had to rate it from 1-10 I would give this resort a 6 for effort.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mimi  Ryan
<Content>IFA Ocean Village Just OK Just got back from the Ifa Ocean Village Resort Punta CanaBeach was beautiful , weather perfect. My husband and I went with our two teenagers 15 years old and eighteen years old.We wanted connecting rooms ended up with rooms on same floor. rooms were ok , fan in bathroom did not work. no face cloths , no hand towels by end of week. did not always restock refrigerator.Found staff to be very friendly. The pools were very nice.biggest problem was the food. Two of us got sick by end of week. Not much to choose from for two american teenagers. They lived on pasta most of the week.Would have liked bottled beer instead of the draft beer.We would go back to Punta Cana but we would try another resort.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel ever... I just came back from a vacation febuary 17th to febuary 24th 2006 at the 1066 room and all I can say is that IFA Villas Bavaro hotel should be rated as a 1 star hotel. In summary: * 20 minutes walk from the polutate beach (algaes are not removed in the morning and used water is thrown in the ocean not too far from the resort), * hundreds of ants in the washroom, 1 lizard on the toilet seat one morning, 1 cockroaches in the bath another one* Bed sheets are not changed once* Only 2 water bottles already unsealed in the room and that's all you get for the week: you must go to the restaurant to get it filled.* the clue of the week: the food was terrible: My sister and I got diarrhia, fever and terrible vomit experience : I am still trying to recover from it. * there was no electricity sometimes for more than 3 hours during the day: the toilet is discusting: no more water to wash your hands: imagine what happend to the food?* The publicity on the resort is lying on the sports activity: there is no Tennis court in the resort: You must walk 20 minutes outside of the resort in the street to get to an abandonned one close to a large garbage dump and ruined houses. * The hotel doesn't offer any water sport: If you want you can deal with an independant boutic at the beach where they ask you minimum 100 US$ deposit each time you want to take the sailing boat or the wind surfing for 1 hour. They don't even let you bring your snorkling. * You must pay a minimum 15$US to take a boat furthur away if you want to snorkle and if you stay at the beach there is no palapa (umbrella from the sun) so you're stuck in the sun without any shade if you spend your day at the beach.* the gym is without electricityIn general I had a good time because I was there with my family! but i was absolutly not well at this resort and I will never go back and I wanted to share my experience with you mostly to reveal the lies under the hotel publicity with regards to sports activity and how sick I got still trying to recover from the fever 3 days after my return.Alexandra - 30 years old Quebec, Canada  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You do get what you pay for       the beach at night  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Xmax getaway       villas building we were in  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>eugenelerner
<Content>Three red Apples I stayed at Ocean Village resort from Feb 10 to Feb 17 with my wife. I bought it from Apple Vacation. Three stars on their rating is an average.We stayed in building 37XX. It is a three store building. Don鈥檛 leave any sweet stuff open 鈥?hundredth small things are appears. We were from 8am to 6pm on the beach.Beach is unusually wider than any of I saw (I was on Bavaro side resorts 6 times), so to get from my building it took around 2-3 minutes to walk. It doesn鈥檛 have any umbrellas except toll palm and couple regular threes. Sand is white and clean (Bavaros鈥?natural beaches are great) and workers clean whatever comes from the ocean in the morning ~7am. Ocean was clean and quiet (Wave are broken far away by coral reefs) There much more traffic by motorboats (they don鈥檛 rent Jet Ski / Wave Runners) so it is not possible (in case it is an important issue) to swim off designated area. The same is true for 30 minutes walk left and right.International game to reserve best spot and reclining chair goes from 7 am to 8:30am.Food choices and quality are basic, so for better reserve ~3pm for one of the four cuisine restaurants for the next night (dress casual)Alcohol Drinks of free choices are limited to the beer (Presidente) and whatever color is inside with local label 鈥淣ormandy鈥? They have four bars and they open till midnight. They have a disco from midnight in one of them.Coffee is great ONLY in ONE bar where they have a machine with brand name BRASILIA and below 鈥淢ade in Italy鈥?and they give it in china caps. The other three bars automat serve it in the plastic caps and they use bad machines.Night shows are mostly good and solid quality for such place and audience.Service personnel are good people and trying to do their best within the policies of resort.PROBLEMS 1.WATER is not in the bottles anywhere. In room they have just two bottles (1L are each) of plain water and that is all. They have a mini-mart in lobby to buy.2.Other two hotels are farther from the beach and from last one is ~15 minute walk to beach or ~10 minutes for restaurant. They have a shuttle bus from the lobby. 3. THE SMELL (from water purified pound I guess and goes with wind) is very strong and foul. Ocean Village part was not affected because the wind direction. Other places I was at least for a week to enjoy sun and water:Dominican Romano beachMexico CancunMexico Playa De MayaSt Martin BahamasFlorida (many places on both sides)Hawaii Other places I was told: 鈥漎ou will like it鈥?for at least a weekWest cost US from Lake Tahoe to San Diego.Spain (center and south)Paris + Brugge + Amsterdam + LondonGermany + Austria + Budapest + PragueItaly (center and north)IsraelEmail reasonable questions if I can help, I will.----  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Beaches, Beautiful People and Great Food I just recently returned from a stay at the IFA Bavaro Village Resorts in The Dominican Republic, from Feb.8 to Feb 15, 2006. I tell you I had a great time. First off, once off the plane, you'll take a 20 minute bus ride to the resort. When you arrive, you will be taken to your room and all your luggage will be taken to your room, care of the hotel staff. Remember to give a little tip.. our handler didn't accept the money but we made him take it anyways.. he was happy. Once you get to the room, you will see how clean and well mantained they keep it. The cleaning lady comes in every day in the afternoon to make sure the beds are made and the room is clean..at the end of the trip I gave her a little tip too.. she deserved it. The staff works really hard to make you stay enjoyable and work so many hours.. I don't know were they get there energy! I especially like the animation staff. The second day I was there, I was relaxing at the pool bar and was asked to join a drinking contest.. and suprizingly I won!(I had some tough contenders!!). If your interested, they teach you some Latin dancing and also have stretching exercises that are great. If you like beautiful beaches, this is the place for you. A little warning to some, the ladies do tend to go topless but it didn't bug me at all..LOL! There are also may activities to choose from. At a little extra, we chose to on a 2 hour snorkling excursion. For $65.00US, you get your own little speed boat and get to go out to see some beautiful coral and sea fish of all kinds. Back at the resort, you have great nightly entertainment at the entertainment pavillion, which starts around 10p.m. If you arrive there early, the staff is more than willing to ask you to dance on the stage before the show. After the show, if you still have the energy, you can walk or take the mini bus(which runs practically all day and night), to the disco. We decided one night, to take a 15 to 20 minute taxi ride to a dance club called Mangu. Its a great place to hang out with the locals. A reminder though, you are leaving the resort, so bring some extra cash if you want to drink..beers usually cost around $3.00US. We ended up staying there until 5 or 6a.m. It's also a good idea to go with a willing hotel staff member or someone that knows at least some basic Spanish. We found that the breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets really good. Another great thing they have is a snack bar, which runs all day until 2a.m. There, you can have rice, fries, pizza, hot dogs, hamburgers, and my favourite, fried chicken. They also provide 7 a la carte meals, which you can make reservations for at he front lobby. My favourite was the Mexican restaurant called Jalisco. We also tried Japanese and Carribean food at a place called Carribe. If you like lobster, spend $30.00US and treat yourself, it to die for! If you want to shop, there are tons of shops beside the resort. But remember to talk the price down or just walk away, they'll come running for you for your business.. I personally talked the guy down from $75.00 purchase to like $25.00purchase! Overall the trip was excellent, and I strongly recommend going here!! Remember to bring a camera to capture the memories, because I know that I had so many.. HAVE FUN!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paridise!       view from beach bar  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>simply wonderfull Punta Cana, IFA Bavaro Ocean VillageTrip advisor member from Montreal , CanadaFebruary 13, 2006We arrived last night after 8 fantastic days !!! About the weather...Alwyas a cloudy sky soon in the morning but a shiny sky for the rest of the day (always over 30 degrees)!!! About the beach....If you want to walk in white and soft sand, this is THE PLACE to. The temperature of the water was around 30 degrees. Food is good. People are very friendly. You have choice between 12 tours; some are expensives but very interesting. We chose the Safari tour and we recommend it !! And if you have enough money, take the one called 'Sanoa Island'. On the site, you have many restaurants, pools, gift shops, bars and also a pharmacy and a playground for your children. All meals and beverages (included drinks, beer and wine) are included in the price of your trip....I strongly recommend this place and if I have a chance, I will return over there !!!!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort - Poor Country       Beach  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but I would go elsewhere. My wife and I stayed at the IFA Villa Bavaro from January 6-13. I am 31 and she is 27 years old, and we are from the Detroit area. We stayed in the villas located the farthest from the beach. The rooms are kinda beat up but do the job. There is a mini-fridge, but it only has 2 1 liter bottles of water that do not get restocked unless you tip the housekeeper about $5 a day. $3 a day was not cutting it. :D The room also had no map of the resort and other such literature you usually find. The televisions also have no remote. The a/c was ice cold though which was a bonus. I ran across no bugs at all, which can be common in first floor rooms.It is a LONG walk to the beach from the Villa rooms. There are also other traditional 2 story buildings closer to the water that do not look and feel like cabins up north. The bars have El Presidente' beer which is excellent. The rum is from the tap but it tasted great. I saw no drink menus for the foo-foo drinks that the girls like. I think they can make them all, but a menu would be nice. The bartenders were friendly like most places. The buffet was not that great. I am not a picky eater either. I eat everything. The food was just decent, and the selection was small. I have been to many other Dominican hotels that have 3 times the buffet.I like to wander to the snack bar late at night after drinking all day, but the only snack bar they have is located on the beach. It took about 15 minutes or brisk walking to get there from our room. Obviously you return to the room sweating with cold food. :(I have been to the Dominican Republic at least 5-6 times before and this place was the worst. Not horrible, but I would recommend going to another resort. I also think they had a sale for this resort at a European trailer park. I have never seen so many people pick their noses in the buffet line, spitting phlegm globs on the pool deck, or being just generally rude. Americans love to complain about euro-rudeness, but I have never seen it like this before. The beach was nice but need more chairs. There was a ton of empty sand. They also rope off the swimming area. It is tiny. I usually bring my own snorkel and fins and go out by my self from shore. They will not let you do this. You would be happy here if you have never been anywhere else. I had a good time, but I will go elsewhere next year.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aly_a13
<Content>Great stay, Awesome beach!! I went with my boyfriend last February. It was my first trip and his third to the Dominican and his second to this hotel. The food at the buffet was great. The waitress recognized us after day one and the service was very quick. The soft ice cream at the restaurant closest to the beach was wonderful! I'm surprised that there was any bacon left for any of the other guests after our breakfasts. : )The room was adequate (the legs were bent or broken on one bed so we just moved to the other one). We called and they fixed it right away. The room was always clean and the maids were super. We were in the section farthest away from the beach but had a wonderful pool right outside our room. We could sit on our porch and watch the entertainment as it was right outside our room too. (Mind you, I'm very glad not to be hearing that song head and shoulders, knees and toes anymore!)The beach is absolutely amazing. White sand, large beach, lots of chairs, close to a buffet where you can get food and drinks without having to wait. We took the catamaran to Saona Island and the speed boats back. It was a super time. The beach there is spectacular too. It is a definite must on any trip. The food there was excellent too. Try to be first in line so you get everything you want.All in all, it was a wonderful and relaxing vacation. I would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Beach My family and I got back Dec.9, 2005 after a 15 day stay. All I can say is that the beach was fantastic, the biggest beach around there and I can tell you we did do a lot of beach walking.Most of the staff is very friendly if you are friendly too them, with a little bit of a language barrier you and as I as english speaking just have to try a little harder as there first language is Spanish then it seens to be German and there is lot or German tourist, then french. But I loved meeting people from all over the world and trying to communiacate with them. Food was very good ...make sure you try there rice pudding and my husband just LOVED the bread and usually he not a big bread eater.What's more with a few uogrades to the rooms and To have REALLY fruit juices a think this Hotel with it FANTASTIC BEACH could easily get a 4 to 4 1/2 star rating not that I would want it go up in price. Going back there next November - December with another Canadian couple we met  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Me and my family just came back from a week stay at this hotel. The beaches are excellent and way bigger than others, the water is a lot calmer than other places. Everyone that works there tries their hardest to understand you and are always very polite! The night life here is pretty good and their nightly shows are very funny.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DON'T GO HERE First of all I have to say I am from Spain (excuse me for my english). I have not been in other hotels in Dominican Republic to compare but my opinion of this one is really terrible.There are COCKROACH in the room. It comes out water from the bathroom ceiling. I tried to do windsurfing (they told me it was included in the price, but later i had to pay 30 $ an hour cause they told me i had not done surfing before and i might break it.Beach is nice but you can only swim 30 meters from the beach cause there ia a rope that does not allow you to go further cause there are fast boats passing everytime. (the water smells like fuel).Once I asked for a coffee to three different waiters each five minutes. 15 minutes to get a breakfast coffee that was already made. (not very good).Some friends had to pay 275 $ for 20 minutes calls to spain. 5 calls of 4 minutes. They had spend all the money and their visa card was not working. The security of the hotel did not allow them to get to the bus to return to Spain till they had paid the 275 $. All the bus had to wait for 30 minutes with risk of lossing the plane. At the end they allow them to pay 150 $ and send the rest by mail.Drinks are poor. Rum is not from a bottle. Is already made in a machine as the coke. I had stomach problems because of the food.Tired of all these thinks I tried to make a written complaint but they told me they had not complaint forms. They gave me an empty sheet (really sad).On the other hand people in dominican republic are really friendly.I have read some reviews here saying that this is a third word country and you can not expect a good service, but i have to say i stayed two weeks in varadero, cuba, and the hotel (four stars as this one) and the service was much better. Choose other Hotel, it is not difficult to get a better one  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I have just come back from this hotel and it was the best holiday that i have ever had, the people aree friendly and the dancers and reps are very out going.The pools where clean and nice andquite, the middle pool was alwasy kept busy by the reps by doing exercises and water polo.the resturants where clean and the waiters where always at the table to serve you your drinks and take away un wanted plates.EVENING ENTERTAINEMNT WAS EXCELLENT, the reps worked hard to perform shows in the eveing and also get the tourists involved, bingo normally 1 a week with special gasolina domincana style as a present.for those younger who like a dance in the eveing the disco begings at 11.30pm and goes on untill 3.00am, very safe and full of other tourists, night bust come every 30 mins to drop you back tp your hotels.overall i would recommened this hotel to any one and would defently go back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modest beach vacation on a budget....       resort entrance  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exellent       beach  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the most beautiful beach i saw and a wonderful time in bavaro village       The wounderfol ocean  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxation and Good Times!!! There were four of us between the ages of 25-29 out for a week's worth of relaxation and good times. We found it here!!! The resort is very clean, buffet restaurants were alright and the a la carte restaurants were very good. (FYI - The Buffet restaurant closest to the beach has the best breakfast) Above all, the staff were incredible. Very good natured and fun to be around. They truly made our vacation! Along with Copious amounts of fruity cocktails and beers. Be sure and check out the flea market on the beach. Lots of cool art and jewellery. You do have to barter a bit though. We all agreed that we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AkronTravellers
<Content>Okay resort but not willing to return       Pool and lodging  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice excellent resort We stayed at this hotel Mar. 31-April 5 /05.Everything was very good. Nice pools; lots of buffets / bars; staff; very nice resort for 3.5 *4 couples went. Very good beach; weather; all inclusive; etc.; booked through Selloffvacations; everything was excellent; would go back again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kamyr
<Content>Great resort, would definitely go back Great resort, we first ended up in the villas. The last building on the property. Can't do anything about it when you arrive at 10:00 p.m. Voiced our request that this was unacceptable. Saw the desk supervisor in the a.m and was offered another room in the villa about 1/2 way towards the action. Still not acceptable so they said wait 1 more day and we will get you close to amenities. We waited and were very satified. They put us in the 3100 block right beside the lobby, bar and pool. Very accommodating.Our stay was great. The food was acceptable considering what we have had in other resorts in the Dominican. Fish was great. NO fishy smell, mild in taste. All restaurants were acceptable. As for mosquitoes there were some but not many. We did get bite and ok so far. We have had our malaria medication and are still taking it. Got back March 5. Advise to travellers, remember where you are going and lay back and relax. The people are very accommodating but in no hurry. The resort is very clean and well maintained. Out of all our travels I think this would be a resort we would go back to.It is only a 3 star but in our opinion was to us a 4.Anyone out there that stays in the village, check out the bushes right beside the bar. We had a pet duck who had laid her eggs 2 days before we left She laid 11 eggs. I watched and counted as she laid them. It was a great vacation, enjoyed our two week stay.Hotel rooms great, food good, beaches great, drinks plentyful.Future travelers slow down, enjoy and relax.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Whomiam
<Content>A great place to visit... for a week. Flight: We flew to Punta Cana with Transat Airlines. We were served a rather tasty meal, the movies were reasonably current and there was a pillow and blanket for every passenger. The only complaint would be that in 7 hours of flying they only served drinks twice (ie:2 cups of fluids in 7 hours). We were dehydrated by the time we arrived. Hotel: The hotel was reasonable for a 3 star. I wouldn鈥檛 expect much more 鈥?or be happy with much less. The rooms were basically clean except that the walls didn鈥檛 appear to have been washed in a while (the remains of squashed bugs were still stuck to the walls and ceiling). The room had full width patio doors which let lots of light. The downside is that our particular room backed on to a grey-water lagoon which had an unpleasant smell at times (the 3500 block, avoid it). So we didn鈥檛 use the patio or keep the doors open as much as we would like to have. Pools/beach:The pools and beach were excellent. The beach has the softest sand we have touched鈥?and we have been around the world. We never had to fight for chairs but that was because we were usually ahead of the crowd. I imagine anyone who came mid-afternoon might have trouble finding an empty one. There is a beachside bar and grill for mid-day drinks and meals. To get to the beach we walked 100m to the end of the hotel, another 50m through a sandy, well treed area and then maybe another 20m to the water. There are much closer rooms but the closest ones are close to the disco and hence, are more noisy at night (so we have been told). Somewhere in between might be a good compromise. Drinks: Drinks were served fairly strong 鈥?much stronger than Mexican resorts and a bit stronger than North American standards. Rhonda ordered hers with 鈥減oco鈥?alcohol. I was impressed that they served the best quality Bavaro rum made on the island if you ordered it on the rocks. It was smooooth鈥?like drinking good scotch with a rum flavour. It became Dale鈥檚 favourite and he bought two bottle of the rum to take home. Excursions: As far as tours go, we hit the jackpot. Based on another review here at this site we contacted Wim Goessens --------. There were six of us travelling together and he took us on 2 personal tours (we had 8 on the second as we invited another couple we had met). Each was a full day (8 AM to 6 or 7 PM). Wim鈥檚 tours allow you to 鈥渆xperience鈥?the country as opposed to just seeing it. Where the Jungle Safari takes you to a school that has been set up to accommodate tours, Wim takes you a remote school where the children don鈥檛 see many visitors. I鈥檒l tell you鈥?DR kids are not well behaved. We visited the home a several real REAL DR families, not actors paid to entertain tourists; and we experienced two home cooked typical Dominican lunches (except that Wim made them include vegetables, which are not a part of a regular DR diet). We fell in love some of the children. Knowing what I now know about what happens to girls when the become 鈥渙f age鈥?I wished I could adopt the daughter of one of these families 鈥?she was so bright and could have a great future 鈥?if she was given half a chance. It won鈥檛 happen in DR. Win took us snorkelling to a less used site (albeit, the coral was noting compared to other places), swimming in a local river (some local kids joined us鈥?we taught them how to skip rocks and they caught a tarantula for us to see), to a natural grotto (where it looked like we were about to be robbed until Wim pulled his gun out of his pocket and tucked it into his belt where it could be seen) and to a beach where the waves are much bigger and we could go body surfing. We also visited a waterfall (rare in this part of the island) and walked down the creek for a so called 鈥渏ungle walk鈥?(more arid than jungle, nothing like central or South America). Wim鈥檚 stories are very interesting, It was such an eye opener. He has been on the island for 10 years, most of which was as a manager at one of the resorts. He knows how the resorts work. He was also one of those so called 鈥渉osts鈥?for one of the airlines at one time. What a scam. They are sales people there to sell tours, not provide service. They get HUGE commission and send you with a local tour company contracted to them (the tour company only get 50% of what you pay). These same local companies aren鈥檛 allowed to take you directly as a client but there are other local companies or guides (like Wim) who can. These are more personalized tours and charge less ($300 for the six on us on the first tour, 20% less on the second). The sales people (oops, I meant hosts/hostesses) will discourage you from booking with these local companies for obvious financial reasons. The only complaint about Wims鈥?tour was that when we paid him in peso鈥檚 at the end he ripped us off on the exchange rate 鈥?getting ripped off is a true Dominican experience. Food: The best food by far was at the Caribe restaurant (poor service, but great food). The DR restaurant was a close 2nd (make sure you order the rice pudding) and the Beach Grill 3rd (best service overall, but not a great menu). We didn鈥檛 like any of the 6 dishes we ordered at the Mexican and the buffet tended to be mostly bland food 鈥?although they would sometimes have something good frying on the grill. Dysentery: There are a number of reasons why people get sick at all-inclusive resorts like this. 1) The weather is hot and we can easily become dehydrated. 2) The food is rich 鈥?our stomachs aren鈥檛 used to rich foods day-in and day-out for a week. 3) Alcoholic drinks are free 鈥?we end up drinking far more alcohol than we are used to. 4) Some of the drinks contain coconut milk (eg Pina Collata) 鈥?a natural laxative. 5) We are not accustomed to drinking 鈥渨ater鈥?(as opposed to other fluids) and our body needs water to flush out all the junk we have been eating/drinking. 6) Warmer temperatures grow bacteria faster 鈥?it is near impossible to avoid some contact with it. Hence, drink LOTS of bottled water, use some restraint with rich foods and be prepared to have some discomfort at one point or another. It is part of the price you pay.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ontcanuck
<Content>Fantastic We arrived at the IFA lobby Jan. 29 at 10:00 pm to a warm reception. Although we were booked for the Villas we were given a room in the Ocean section 4100 but after 1 night we were kept awake by the disco on the beach. The next day we told the front desk,our problem they went out of their way to get us a better room and to our surprise we were given a room in the village section on the 2nd floor over looking the pool.The resort is divided into 3 sections, the farthest part of the resort is the Villas which is 1.36 km.(16min.) walk to the water on the beach.The villas are beautifull and charming cottage style buildings with well lit sidewalks. In the Villas there is avery large pool and a bar. In the same area there is a large stage that has nightly entertainment (9:30 to 11:00)also there are 3 ala carts mexican, dominican and caribe (reserve at the main lobby at 9:00 am.), 2 of them are turned into a breakfast buffet in the morning. A little further in the Villas there is a Coffee Bar and a lounge area, they also serve alcohol.You then continue across a small parking lot where you come to the main lobby, this is where the village section starts. Here there is another large pool , a swim up bar and a very large Buffet (Calibri) . There are 6 buildings surrounding the pool 3100 to 3600 these probably are the nicest rooms location wise and this is where a lot of the action is.Next comes the Ocean section 4100 to 4600 closest to the beach. Here there is a smaller pool with a bar and another large Buffet (La Casona) where they serve ice cream at lunch.Then comes the beach which is packed all day so get your chairs early. There is a lot of shade here and also open areas. The bar here is part of a lunch area (12:30 to 4:00)and a ala cart at night(booked here at 12:30), also serves as a disco from 11:00 pm. to 2:00 am. This the only place you can get hot dogs and pizza.This resort should be rated a lot better almost a 5 star.FOOD: execelent and lots of choicePOOLS: fantastic, towels always availableENTERTAINMENT: these are the hardest working people in the resort and their shows are fantastic.ROOMS: all rooms were very nice, up to date and freshly painted. There are also small fridges in the rooms stocked daily with bottled water.GROUNDS: beautifull with flowers everywhere.EXCURSIONS: we went on 2. Monster truck safari- OK but not great, the trucks were so noisy you could not hear the tour guide and people were packed like sardines about 30 to a truck. Done the outback safari and it's much better. we talked to some people who took a outback trip with a small operater Wim Goesen and a very small group . It was a lot cheaper and more personal.2nd excursion was the Bavaro Trackers (ATVs) it was a blast.There is also a Grand Prix go cart track( the carts are very fast) 10 min. from the resort run by a German. He will pick you up at your resort and take you back free.Have the hotel or tour operater call them for a pick the brochures are at the front desk. warning they only take cash.My only complaints are no orange juice,no kleenex or wash cloths in the rooms and the pizzas are awfull.I hope this helps and if you want to know anything else feel free to e-mail me. PS: did not see 1 mosquito anywhere  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a 3rd world country people!! The biggest problem is why is it people (99% Americans) just don't get it! It's a 3rd world country people! Yes, there are bugs, yes it rains, yes the language is different, yes the food is not american, yes plumbing and water pressure differ than home, yes you might get sand in your pants... serious folks what where you expecting?? 99% of us probably spent less than a weeks pay for flight, room, 24/7 food, booze, sun and sand - so in all honesty you will always get MORE than you paid for!As for the hotel - wonderful. I wouldn't have expected anything more. People are friendly (assuming your not giving them attitude), food was pleasant and the sun and sand is beautiful.You must go to these 3rd world carribean countries with a open mind, otherwise forget it. Look forward to the adventure, enjoy the culture, feel empathy for these people and their efforts. Relax!!!!! Otherwise, your going to hate it right from the get go! If you want 5star go to the Bahamas and stay at the Atlantis... and bring cash!! Lots and lots of cash!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyWanderer
<Content>o.k. for adults December 2004 We visited Punta Cana Dec 2-9 and our party consisted of my husband and I (40's) and our 4 boys ages 14,11,9,5. I found your site so helpful, I was compelled to send in our review. The airport experience coming and going was excellent. We moved through efficiently and were shuttled to our hotel about 20 min. away. They did have us in a line to have our pictures taken, but the line moved very quickly and did not slow us down at all. On the return trip, we were brought to the airport far too soon and had to spend 3 hours waiting around. It would have been better to stay at the resort a bit longer. The resort is divided into 3 areas:Villas, Village and Ocean. It is hard to determine where the Village and Ocean separate because it all runs together, but the Villas are separated by a road. Although there are 3 lobbies all areas use the Village lobby for check in. The Villa's were numbered in the 1000's and had the smallest rooms. They would be the quietest location. The Village/Ocean rooms were 3000's and 4000's and that is where most of the activity is. While we were there, the Villas were unoccupied until the last 2 days. The pool and bar area were open, and they have a coffee bar in their 'lobby'. The pool at the Villas was the biggest and quietest and the Ocean was the smallest but offered the most shade. We spent most of our pool time at the Villas. There was a nesting duck sitting on her eggs under the stairs leading to the bar and it fascinated my 2 younger boys. All the grounds were lovely and well kept up and we found it a nice stroll from one end to the beach. If your room is in the far end of the Villa's (high 1000's) it would be a very long walk to the beach (close to 2 km?). There is a shuttle the runs from the Village lobby to the Ocean lobby and then to the beach. The patrons were mostly Europeans - French, Italian, Germans, followed by Canadians and very few Americans. I would recommend learning a few Spanish phrases because not all the staff spoke English. We found the D.R.people to be very friendly and willing to try and communicate. Between our limited Spanish, their broken English and hand gesture we made out O.K.  Our check in was fine. They put us in 2 rooms but they were not adjoining, so we were moved the next day. We went from the 3700 block to the 4100 block. Both rooms were similar with air conditioning, mini-bar, bath/shower, TV. , balcony. The beds are hard and some of the foam was breaking down in the pillows. If you are fussy you should bring your own pillow. It would be handy on the airplane as well. The animacion team worked hard. They started at 10:00 with dancing lessons, volleyball, aerobics etc. and worked throughout the day. The nightly entertainment was pretty sad, but we noticed an improvement the last 2 nights. I'm not sure if it was because they were getting ready for the Xmas influx or because of the Urology convention that arrived, but the venue was moved from the village area to the villas and it did get better, as did the food. Speaking of food...My motto is if I don't have to cook it, it's good, but truthfully the food was so-so. There were 2 buffets, a seafood a la carte restaurant and a beach grill that became an a la carte restaurant in the evening and later the same restaurant became the disco. The fresh fruit was plentiful as were the salads, but most of the buffet items tasted the same. The beach grill was the best. They grilled various meats in front of you (beef steak - very tender, pork chops, chicken, hamburgers). They also served hot dogs and pizza. The buffet closest to the beach had an ice cream dispenser which was also a hit with the kids. This buffet usually had little hamburgers at lunch and the other buffet had a pasta bar every evening. The Kids Club was the worst part of the resort. It was a sad little building with an even sadder looking girl. I'm not sure what languages she spoke but English was not one. My son went one day and lasted 20 min. There was one other child there and he was also Canadian and they played a board game. That was the only day we noticed anyone attend. I had expected scheduled events that my children could choose to participate in, but this was more of a babysitting service. If they offer a Kids Club, they should run it properly, otherwise they should not mis-lead the patrons. The beach was huge. Most hotels sit very close to the waterfront, but this resort is set back several hundred meters. You can walk on the sand to get to the water, walk on a paved path or take the shuttle. The sand is powdery soft and fine. There is no shortage of beach chairs, but shade is hard to find. My boys all wore water shirts and we did not have any problems with sunburns. The wind coming off the ocean was very strong, so although we wanted to spend our time at the beach, the gale-force winds moved us to the pools each day. We looked into some of the tours, but the cost for a family of 6 held us back. We found a man on the beach that took us snorkeling in his motorboat for 1/3 of the cost offered by the tour companies. The current was very strong and the waves can get quite high. We also took a cab into the closest town for some shopping and preferred that to the beach vendors set up beside the hotel. We found one store run by 3 girls and they were so relaxed. They offered the lowest prices and they didn't haggle like most places. We bought coffee for $3/lb as well as some trinkets. Everytime we bought something they would give us a necklace. The vendors at the beach can get very aggressive. Some things we brought or should have brought: Lots of sunscreen and medications you might need ( bug spray with Deet, Solarcane, Reactine, Advil) You might not need them, but it is very expensive to buy there. Insulated travel mugs are a great for the beach and leave them with the bartenders when you go home. They really appreciate it. Inflatable mattresses. Footballs or some activities for the kids. Our boys spent a lot of time tossing a little football around. Bring around $50. in U.S. $1. bills. We tipped the maids, bartenders and waiters. It did not seem to be the usual practice at the resort and it did not change the service, but the wages are so low we felt better doing it. We also brought little gifts for the maids (lipsticks, hair accessories, candies etc.) as well as toys and coloring books for children. We did not make it to the country, so we left most of the stuff with the maids. Lastly, 4 out of 6 of us got sick with a stomach upset, but not at the same time. We cannot determine if it was the water, ice, food or if it was a bug we brought with us from home. It kept 2 of them in bed for close to 2 days, so thankfully they have American T.V. stations. We took 3 of our boys to Riviera Maya 2 years ago and they much preferred Mexico to D.R. They liked to go Boogey Boarding which they couldn't do at Punta Cana. The water was very calm in the D.R., but the strong winds kept us from enjoying the beach. The snorkeling was also much better in Mexico. It was a high-end resort and the staff was fluent in English, so I'm sure that influenced their preference. Would we return to the D.R.? I would hesitate to go to a resort less than 4 or 5 stars because of the amenities they provide for the children. If the trip was for my husband and me, it would have been fine. We would have gone for long walks, explored more and socialized with other couples, but having the children with us, we found the resort limited. I'm sure a 5* resort would have had better evening shows, better kids club, more youth activities and better food variety, and with the ages of our children that would have taken our experience from so-so to terrific.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>theoldboot65
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Village, a good little inexpensive place to hang your hat ! A little late on writing this review but considering what I went through this year, in Puerto Plata at the Bahia Principe San Juan, I figured I had better give the kudos where they are deserved.This little 3+ star resort far, far outweighed the 4+SUP Bahia Principe by a tonne! What I will do is compare the Barcelo with the Bahia so EVERYONE will be forewarned NOT to go to Puerto Plata (or at least to the Bahia Principe)While we vacationed at the Barcelo Bavaro village, we had a great time, the rooms, as is stated in other reviews are a little dated and maybe need some freshening up, but hey, the beds are clean, the bathroom is clean, what more do you need. We had no roaches or ants while at the Barcelo Bavaro; I tipped the maid a buck a day and took little things from the dollar stores as little gifts, such as Crayola pencil crayons for her children, little flash lights, nail polishes/lip glosses, etc. and at the end of the trip, I gave her alot of the girls summer clothes 'cause they won't be fittin' them next year, therefore she could use them and she really appreciated it, clean towels and all every day.Now, while at the Bahia, the first impression is WOW, until you get to your room, which happened to be in the back of the property, near the dumpsters, and the sewage collection, the rooms sucked, no door sweeps on the bottoms, therefore, bugs, and I do NOT mean one or two, I mean literally, an infestation of HUNDREDS of creepy crawling millipedes, on the walls, the drapes, the floors, and brace yourself, the beds! Of course we immediately requested a room change, and were told that oh most certainly we could move, but for 30$ US per night! Well, I don't think so! I am totally serious about the wormy creepers in the beds too--I complained BIG TIME, showed the maid, and the manager and they laughed at me because they thought I was afraid of these little bugs, their solution, i got a can of insecticide that I was to spray, really good for growing girls to inhale.Food at the Barcelo Bavaro (BB) was good, every nite was a themed evening, one night mexican, the next perhaps, chinese, and so on, it was truly edible and always fresh and hot, with tons of variety.At the Bahia Principe (BP), the food buffet was the same each and every night with the exception of a few different dishes thrown in. the food was tasteless, cold and just plain BLAH---and if you are a bacon lover, there is NO bacon at the BP in the morning, we were there for a week and not one slice of bacon was seen.The beach at the BB was beautiful, absolutely pristine white sand with the aquamarine coloured ocean--breathtaking (did get a few little bites from teh sand fleas) but was prepared for that from reading the reviews.OK, the BP--the beach consists of hotel employees filling up huge cloth bags with the gritty thick brown sand and lying them side by side, as the tide washes the beach away, one day we walked the entire beach and it was flat, the next morning we walked it again and half the beach was gone, it had been washed away, so these guys literally build the beach back up daily, the water was horrid while we were there, it was quite wavy and therefore the water itself had been churned up and was brown and filthy with sand bits. In neither place did we spend alot of time on the beach, for the simple reason of the fleas, you do get alot of bites and they itch like mad.Drinks BB beer was okay, a little watery but so is every thing else. You can flash a buck at the bartender and he will whip you up whatever you want fresh and forego the slushie machine drinks.Over at the BP, the drinks are much the same, they are slushie machine drinks, spinning with ice all day, so they too are quite watery, same rule applies tip a buck and you won't be sorry.Staff at the BB, are friendly and accomodating, to us they provided every thing we requested and were quick to do so. As were the maids, bartenders everyone.Now the BP, like I said, they laughed at us for being afraid of the crawling worms in our rooms, they wouldn't move us only for a charge. No service at the pools. Waiters make strange meowing noises at our rather good looking daughters--did not go over well with DAD! Not accomodating what so ever, they do not speak english (or at least they didn't to me) and make like they don't understand what you are saying. There were tons of Europeans at this resort, and some of them are very friendly while others are quite bold, butting into lines etc. I suppose that happens all over at this type of place, just sit back let them go first then get in line when the feeding frenzy is near being done.All in all, i would most certainly go back to the BB in a split second, the BP will never go back there as long as I live, and this place was recommended to me by the Travel agent, she apparently had been there! I asked her if she was on glue when she was there or something, man it was a horrible spot, but of course--ya got your kids there so you have to make the most of it for them and I suppose you are off work for the week and there are no dishes or laundry to be done--Puerto plata was the grungiest place I had every seen, Punta Cana is cleaner and less populated.Hope this helps, as for the (BP) JUST DONT DO IT! You know how when the bus comes to pick you up to take you to the airport, most of us sorta feel like oh this is it, and sort of loiter around the bus, well at the BP people were actually fighting to get on the bus to get outta there ASAP--honestly it was that bad!!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Beach, relax, read, sun    showReview(2347567, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-So   showReview(2183285, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Honeymoon!   showReview(1525882, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you hate huge roaches....   showReview(1437897, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME   showReview(1421130, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful beach!   showReview(1102589, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Get away   showReview(987167, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not go back to this Hotel   showReview(986841, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was so nice here!!   showReview(984931, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach!   showReview(978463, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nany_france
<Content>joyeux noel aux caraibes   showReview(23077835, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>triton95
<Content>P茅simo   showReview(23013759, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lorenzaVogogna_vb_
<Content>grande resort ifa village di Punta Cana   showReview(21847088, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>rocco78t
<Content>IFA Bavaro Punta Cana       Resort  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GuilleEspa_a
<Content>Patetico.   showReview(21838551, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>kevin262410
<Content>De superbes vacances !!!   showReview(20563052, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>viajera083
<Content>no esta mal   showReview(20518656, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TXELL08
<Content>Fu茅 Genial!   showReview(18636174, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hnhaho61
<Content>Hotelanlage genial, Service okay manchmal ein bischen langsam :-)   showReview(18293160, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mardy56
<Content>Excelentes vacaciones !!       Piscina delante cafe dominicano  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Taly-Boisbriand
<Content>J'y retournerais...       Piscine du c么t茅  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>leandroUruguayo
<Content>Buenas vacaciones   showReview(15127448, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	4	2	

<Author>general840
<Content>rien 脿 redire!   showReview(15116544, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>zounarxx20
<Content>脟a vaut **** 1/2 ;-)       p锚che en haute mer possible  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bulle63
<Content>tres bien   showReview(14764106, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mouscaro
<Content>voyage qui aurait pu etre parfait!!!       sur le site de l'h么tel IFA  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>camoQuebec
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix       magnifiques cocotiers!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>fugazi26
<Content>IFA du bien!!       Hamburgers, hot-dogs, frites et autres goodies sur le bord de la plage  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Garou321
<Content>A-1       restaurant a cot茅 de la plage  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Sebz1511
<Content>Superbe   showReview(13567742, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mlauz
<Content>Inoubliablement charmant       Bateau sur notre plage  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gangVolley
<Content>Excellent endroit   showReview(13408493, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hayatti
<Content>super sympas agreable       bar grigri piscine  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jessnico33
<Content>que du bonheur   showReview(13311444, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>velaseb
<Content>Super vacances !       La piscine du village  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Soleil696
<Content>Intens茅ment incroyable!       Animation Team!!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>000ju000
<Content>belles vacances!   showReview(12852223, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Celoon
<Content>Excellente Vacance       Magnifique  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>titedrey
<Content>WOW   showReview(12294707, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	-1	5	5	

<Author>Halin
<Content>Un coin de r锚ve       r茅novation des anciens b芒timents  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>monptit
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(8607443, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>confa
<Content>Non un hotel 4 stelle   showReview(8588955, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>Marta29Barcelona
<Content>No lo aconsejo para nada!   showReview(8538122, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Nando655
<Content>Buen lugar para el precio   showReview(8249949, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	4	1	

<Author>paula076
<Content>vacances en famille   showReview(7969356, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>girasol84
<Content>Arrba animacion IFA!!!   showReview(7700869, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MCCastilla
<Content>no esta tan mal pero los hay mejores   showReview(7694005, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manurevaPontaudemer
<Content>s茅jour de reve au paradis   showReview(7641601, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>carlinhus
<Content>隆Simplemente Genial!       Desde el agua  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>loca465
<Content>No me gust贸 nada del hotel, lo 煤nico la playa.   showReview(7194839, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>samy2007
<Content>Tr猫s beau voyage   showReview(6851685, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>brigitte190670
<Content>Lasst die anderen reden, es ist traumhaft sch枚n.       Strand  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Maude_au_soleil
<Content>Un super beau s茅jour   showReview(6621776, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>ruroni9
<Content>Mal en general   showReview(6173835, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>matlulu
<Content>H么tel de qualit茅       serveur tres aimable  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenny88
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix !       animateur  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	5	5	

