<Author>coco080
<Content>An amazing view !!       This is the VIEW - it is not the HOTEL !!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>alice063
<Content>A real Hong Kong visit We are a family of four. It is almost impossible to find a hotel that will allow all of us to stay in the the same room. Well, I found it here - a 3 bedroom, 2 bath serviced apartment. And it was a great price - about HK$1200 per night! Conviniently located between two MTR lines. Dim sum 2 blocks away. Several bakeries a couple more blocks away. They made for inexpensive, filling breakfasts.That was the good. Here's the downside -It's located next to a highway, so lots of car noise. It's in a local neighborhood, so the streets arent as pretty as Nathan St, but it always felt safe, even late at night. There are only 2 nonsmoking floors - 6 and 24(?). The beds were FIRM. My two kids had no problem falling asleep, but they enjoy camping! There were down comforters and pillows, however. As for service, towels and sheets were changed every 3 days and the garbage taken out daily. They supplied dishes(plates, bowls, cups and utensils), but they dont wash them or replace them with clean ones. The staff was friendly and there was always someone who spoke enough english.We stayed in serviced apartments in Beijing and Shanghai in the last year. Both were better - bigger, newer, cleaner. This one was older. For the size of the suite and the price, I'd probably stay here again, if we could stay on a higher floor to avoid the traffic noise.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>NOR_OZ
<Content>Overall good value.       bedroom  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>airren
<Content>Apt       Single bed  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>TashCapeTown
<Content>Clean  My husband and I are pretty fussy about our sleeping space. And finding good accomodation for under 650 isn't easy in Hong Kong. Olympic Terrace is a clean and basic hotel, which feels more like a tiny rented apartment. We pretty much had a comfortable affordable stay - the only down side was the damp smell in the kitchen and having no cleaning service. The friendly personel at the front desk was a major plus as this isn't common in Hong Kong. As for the area it is a good place to stay that's if you are ready to mingle with the locals and happy to stay in downtown. The bonus... it is only a 3min walk to the nearest MTR. Vist the supermarket at the Dragon Centre between 19h00 and 20h00 and you will find a big selection of discounted sushi!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	2	4	

<Author>vw
<Content>Clean and friendly apartment We, a family of 9, stayed here for 3 weeks around end of March, beginning of April. We had a 3-bed and a 2-bed apartments on the 23rd floor.Not to repeat that the apartments were very clean, transport was convenient, beds were very small and firm, local food was cheap. They were all mentioned in the previous reviews.But honestly, the food around the apartment was not very good. Sham Shui Po was just classifed as the poorest area of Hong Kong, the shops and restaurants certainly reflect this fact. Instead, go to the north side of the Sham Shui Po MTR. This is where you can find the Golden computer center, better shopping and much better food. Ok, with the exception of the Beijing noodle place in the Dragon Centre, which is really really good. I would like to thanks the staffs and the management for making our stay such a wonderful one. They were all very friendly and helpful. Except the young girl, she can be a bit moody sometimes. But still very polite. Extra bed, pillows, bowls鈥? No problem.Also, we were due to fly back with Oasis Airlines but they went out of business 3 days before our return flight. The Olympic management were very accommodating, extending our stay for a couple of days with no problem. Allowing us time to sort out our return flights.Things for improvement: the roll-away bed was very very hard. Basically, there was no mattress at all! Also, although we were on the 23rd floor, the background noise was very high when windows were opened. It was because of the West-Kowloon Highway is just next to the apartment. The air-con were those old fashion ones, quite noisy if you are not used to it.Travel Tips: 1. Nam Cheong MTR goes to Disney, and Tung Chung for the big Buddha. Also goes to Hong Kong for central ferry terminals. Tsing Yi for nice, not so crowded shopping mall.2. The 171 city bus goes to Ocean Park from Cheung Sha Wan Road.3. A21 Airport express bus (HK$33) stops within 10 - 15 mins walk from the apartment. You can catch a taxi for another HK$15 from the bus stop to the apartment if you have a bit of luggage.4. During our 3-week stay, no taxi driver knew where Olympic was. Also, all the street around the apartment are one-way. The best is to ask the taxi driver to drop you at the junction of Hai Tan Street and Kwelin Street when you are coming back from the East. If coming from the west (airport), junction of Tung Chu Street and Kwelin Street.5. Booking directly with Olympic website/or email is much cheaper going through Expedia.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lsw_6678
<Content>Great location! Great value for money! We just came back from a 4nights stay in this apartment from 29 Mar till 1 Apr 2008. This apartment located in a residential area, the Apliu Street just next to it. During day and night is full of local resident, surrounding also find a lot of restaurants which sell local food like dim sum, wanton noodle, mixed rice, congee etc... infact, we have our breakfast and late dinner here everyday. Price is reasonable; breakfast is about HK$25/pax, HK$35/pax for dinner.This apartment is basic, it come with 3 bed rooms - bed is HK standard which is small - 1 room come with double bed which I think only 4 1/2feet width, the other 2 rooms come with a standard 3feet single bed, all beds are film and comfortable. We have slot in 5 adults but the hotel management does not complaint about this. 1 of our member just sleeps at sofa which is a size of a 3feet single bed. There is only 1 washroom with bathtub, 1 kitchen with fridge, kettle, pans, cutlery, Crockery  Glasses.They do the cleaning job and change our used towel daily. So, everyday we come home with a very clean and comfortable feeling.The laundry room located at 1st floor. We have done our laundry before we returned home. Just buy 2 tokens for HK$35 together with a pack of washing powder from front desk - 1 token for washing machine, 1 token for drying machine.The front desk service is excellent. They always greet you with smiling face whenever you see them. Due to our flight delay, they have no problem to reserve the room for us till we arrive at 8pm. The check in time is less than 5minutes! They also help us to keep our luggages safely during our check out until we came back from Ocean Park at 7pm. Overall, we are very satisfied for our stay here and have no hesitate to recommend this apartment to anyone who want to have a budget, safe and clean place to stay in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ellesbelle
<Content>Great value for money! We stayed at the Olympic Terrace Suites whilst on a lay-over stop between Australia and UK. The accommodation, although basic was extremely good value for money. It was extremely clean and the staff were extremely friendly. It's location is really close to the metro system which has to be experienced! Traveling into Hong Kong is easy and efficient and takes no time at all making the Olympic Terrace an ideal place to base yourself. At night the surrounding streets are alive with market stalls all lit up which again adds to the whole experience.The beds are rather hard and also quite short! Our son is 6ft 5 so he had to sleep bent in half! To have 3 separate bedrooms and a lounge area was fantastic for everyone having their own space and be able to relax and unwind.The only upset to our trip was being totally fleeced by a taxi firm who charged us 10 times the going rate to take us from the airport to the hotel. Unfortunately we were all too tired to argue the price as we weren't asked for the new payment until all our baggage was in the vehicle. Also our driver did not know where the hotel was so a short hop from the airport ended up as an hour and a half going around in circles! Obviously none of this was down to the hotel, and to get back to the airport they arranged a taxi at a fraction of the cost. I thoroughly recommend the Olympic Terrace suites to anyone who wants good accommodation at the fraction of HK prices and who wants to have the full HK experience hassle free.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frankmia
<Content>Excellent Omni We just came back from a 4 days stay in Hong Kong and we had a nice time staying in Olympic Terrace Suites. The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. My two boys simply love the 3 rooms suite facing the sea. Getting to and fro from the hotel was no issue. The nearest MTR Sham Shui Po Exit C is less than 10 minutes walk. So hitting down to any part of Hong Kong was not an issue and walking from the MTR station to the hotel in the night, don't worry it is safe. Its a great experience to stay in a local residential area, the hotel surrounding is fantastic, full of local favour and activities both day and night. The hotel surrounding is not dirty as I have read.If this is your first time staying in Olyumpic Terrace, I would advise that you take the airport express (train HKD 90 - I have got a promotion package wher I paid HKD 220 for 4 persons) to Kowloon Station and then hop on to a cab to Olyumpic Terrace (taxi cost is about HKD 50). After you have settled down, have fun venturing the hotel vicinity.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TheTallOne
<Content>good, clean, simple Some of the reviews here make this place sound like a bit of a dump but I'm glad I took more notice of the latest reviews which have been positive. My stay for 2 nights over the Chinese New Year weekend resulted in a good experience as long as you're not expecting too much.The only downside was that the rooms don't have any method of room heating (air con in each room gives you cold air or fan-only) and in Hong Kong in early February with outside temperatures of about 5C at night this meant the rooms were cold. A pair of pyjama-type bottoms (which I don't usually wear in bed) resulted in a good night's sleep but don't expect a cosy warm apartment if it's cold outside. At least the hot water in the shower meant that my morning shower wasn't chilly.The apartment was very clean, the bed was firm but comfortable, the bed sheets, pillows and duvet were good and clean and the towels were clean. I'm very tall (6'7 / 2.02m) but I didn't notice the bed being particularly shorter than any other regular-sized bed I've slept in. With the cold weather I did make sure I wore my socks to bed though!Overall, the apartment is basic but comfortable and does what you need if you want a cheap base for exploring HK. The MTR (subway/metro/tube) system is less than 10 minutes' walk away and only a few stops from the main sightseeing action. There was always someone on the front desk that spoke English and was able to answer my questions, whether it was 10am, 10pm or even 3am. Although the in-room hourly internet access rate of HK$30 isn't fantastic, the daily rate for broadband access from your room (assuming you have a laptop with you of course) was a reasonable HK$60. There's also a cheaper-again 3-day option but I can't recollect the price. I didn't use the internet access so can't comment on its quality but the LAN cable was sitting in my room waiting to be plugged in and used. The 'business suite' is just a single computer and the prices weren't fantastic sounding but if you don't have a laptop with you then it could be useful. The free gym is a small glass-walled room with a stair stepper, treadmill and bike... and an air-con unit! Simple and basic but does the job.For getting to the hotel from the airport I discovered there's no train/tube-based option out of the airport other than the Airport Express, which is relatively expensive compared to the cheap HK tube system. Not wanting to pay for a taxi ride all the way to the hotel (estimated at about $280 judging by a sign I saw at the airport) I used the Airport Express train to the first possible stop of Tsing Yi (HK$110 return) and then got a taxi from Tsing Yi to the hotel. The taxi ride cost HK$70 on clear roads. On the way back I decided to try the MTR from the close-by Sham Shui Po station to Tsing Yi which cost about HK$6 and then caught the Airport Express train back to the airport with the remainder of my return ticket bought 2 days before. Using the MTR back did mean dragging my suitcase to the MTR station but it's not that far. Lifts at all MTR stations mean there's no great hardship having a suitcase with you for getting in/out of the station or changing trains.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jcmelbau
<Content>Great Value Although the location of the suites isn't on the main tourist drag of Tsim Sha Tsui, it is on the same MTR Line (Tsuan Wan Line) so the journey takes 9 minutes and the trains run very regularly (I never waited more than 4 minutes). I actually quite welcomed the location of these suites as Sham Shui Po is much less touristy and is part of the 'real' Kowloon.I booked a 1 bedroom suite and was quite surprised at how nice it was given the price that I had paid. It was basic but very comfortable. Towels were replenished daily and the maid gave the place a once over. The staff were very friendly and let me check in my luggage at 6am as I arrived on an early flight which gave me the freedom to enjoy my first morning. I returned at 12 noon and my suite was ready for me.The bed was comfortable, mattress very firm by western standards but I have had much worse before when staying elsewhere in Hong Kong! Be mindful though, when booking a single room suite that the double beds are smaller than you will find in many western homes or hotels. It Was great to have a doona rather than sheets and a blanket though! Was on the 18th floor but was still able to open the windows so didn't need to use the 2 aircon units supplied as I filled the place with fresh air. As someone else also pointed out on here the view may not be of Hong Kong harbour but was spectacular nonetheless of a night-time. Room had lots of wardrobe space and drawers for storage, which is very handy to keep all of those bargains bought at the many markets and shops Hong Kong has to offer!Very easy to get to from the airport, took the Airport Express train and then a cab which took about 10 minutes from Kowloon station. Don't bother with any of the buses from the Airport as the MTR really is the easiest and quickest way to get there (they also allow you to check in for your flight at the MTR station so you can get rid of your baggage and enjoy the rest of your last day)Internet access was charged at HK$150 for a week which is extremely good value and local call charges from the room telephone were free (although I would recommend anyone get a mobile SIM card that allows free calls to other countries from one of the countless market stall holders near the hotel)To conclude, I would definately stay here again without a doubt!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uk_dabber
<Content>Good hotel, more than ample We stayed at Olympic Terraces on 10th Oct 07 to 14th Oct 07. It is located in Sham Shui Po 鈥?which is also the nearest MTR station. Local amenities in the area are very good. The hotel also provides you with a street map on request with things of interest on there 鈥?like what shops are in the area and where you can grab breakfast. Transport in HK is excellent and a quick MTR ride will get you to all locations pretty quickly. We only stayed here because there was some sort of national holiday that weekend and everywhere else was fully booked or way too expensive! I would recommend this apartment if this is what you are after. Its clean, there is internet access at the hotel (charged at HK$30 per hour), there is self laundry service. The staff are friendly. Beds are quite hard and if you are above 6ft 2 鈥?you will have problems. Apartments are quite small but more than ample as you prob wont be in there that much. Not within the hussle and bussle of Tsim Tsa Tsui/Mongkok but more than suitable for any travellers 鈥?unless you are after a very vibrant place to stay 鈥?Sham Shui Po is pretty quiet! We booked through expedia and got instant confirmation. It was 拢54 per night. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>famhol4
<Content>Great place - especially for family       One view from our room  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>" 3 Cs" It was our first trip to hongkong. As we consist of 3 families (total 6 adults + 2kids), we had a hard time searching thru the net for the best deal. We finally found Olympic, and thanks to them, we went back with a great impression of hongkong!!!Olympic Terrace has the 3Cs many people might be looking for. Cheap, Convenient  Comfortable!!! I dont think you can find other apartment as cheap as this and its a good deal to settle on.Though the staff might had some difficulties to interact with, they made an effort to help us with our needs. Eg: we asked for a kettle,  ended up, i have to draw it in a piece of paper before i was given one!!!Please be inform that the bedrooms are extremely small but clean. The rest of the facilities are okay to us. 10 minutes walk to the train station Nam Cheong which can take you to all the major cities in Hongkong. And you can grab your groceries at the supermarket at the back of your apartment!! So i strongly recommend Olympic Terrace to those who are not choosy but it worth every single cent of yours!! We had a great time in hongkong and wish you have the same one too!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ian GT
<Content>Not for the Faint hearted Spent 5 nights over New Year. Almost what we expected having read the previous reviews. If you want luxury DONT GO. If you just want to get your head down during a busy sightseeing schedule you may be able to tolerate it. Be careful when booking. I booked with Expedia and they allocated a 2 bed Appartment with 3 beds for 4 of us. We would not have managed if I had not spotted it. Be careful getting out of bed. if you get out the wrong side you will go out of the window. The kitchen existed but there was not a knife, fork or plate in the place.Towels the size of hankerchieves were changed daily. The microwave and fridge did work OK. The area is extremely Chinese and appears poor. People in general cant speak English in that area but tried and were friendly. It was about 15 minutes on th MTR(tube)and the transport system in HK must be the best in the world. You can get anywhere really easily. Dont use Olympic MTR, walk out of the front door , turn right and immediately up the busy road that is first right( Kwelin street) and you will come to the Station within 10 minutes(Sham Shui Po). As for Hong Kong it is a fantastic place, cheap and has got everything. Bustling interesting city, excellent counrtyside and beaches in easy reach.We used Lonely Planet Best of HK book. It was really useful. If you do go, Get an Octopus card for use on the Transport system. Makes life really easy. Buy a card and top it up when required. If I go again I will probably book a hotel in the Mong Kok area of Kowloon, a little more touristy but cheaper than staying on the Island.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning roaches Avoid this place at all cost. Upon check-in I was given a single room instead of the double I booked, the towels were dingy, toilet is stained, and the sheets smell like the last visitor. It's 12:30am in the mourning and I鈥檓 on my computer booking another hotel because after killing one roach and seeing another come from under the bed I cant sleep and I definitely wont be turning off the lights tonight. The worst ever!!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for We returned from Hog Kong last week which is well worth a visit. The people are friendly and welcoming and there is plenty to do. The Olympic Terrace Suites, where we stayed, was a tower block wedged into older buildings in an industrial area to the north of Kowloon right on the edge of the new territories (according to the map) so a lot further from the main tourist activities of Hong Kong and Kowloon than we had imagined. For a family of 5 experiencing Hong Kong for the first time the location was a bit of a shock initially. This largely industrial area was devoid of English speakers but not at all threatening if you exclude the taxi and bus drivers who ignore red lights at crossings. The welcome by a non english speaking porter/security guard was the most scary (he was very kind and helpful) because we were not sure what we were getting in to as we checked in at 9pm after our long flight from Sydney. The apartment it transpired had only 3 beds and two bathrooms instead of the kitchen we were expecting. There was a table and large refrigerator but no appliances only a TV and old fashioned noisy aircon units for each area. The view of tennis courts, as depicted on their website, is largely obscured by the freeway flyover which runs parallel to the street. The rooms were clean and very basic. We were too tired to argue and the kids needed sleep so one child slept on the sofa. We were offered a folding bed the next day but that was broken. I got the feel that if you were a longer staying customer you would possibly have had a good deal out of this place but for a short stopover I would not reccomend the Olympic Terrace Suites.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>alexhk2008
<Content>Trop moyen, passez votre chemin   showReview(20773742, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Peut rendre service aux familles   showReview(11398175, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

