<Author>stellygirl
<Content>Not what I expected... My husband, a friend and myself booked this hotel to see a concert in the city. I will start with the good points and then highlight the bad.Good:The location is excellent. You are right in the middle of the city. Just blocks from the river, house of blues, Bourbon St., aquarium, etc. The hotel staff was extremely nice and helpful. The lobby is very nice and there is also a decent lounge area to grab a cocktail before dinner. Price is reasonable. However, you don't catch why until after.Bad:No parking! You can spend a pricey amount for valet parking. However, totaling this with the room price and you would be better off going to a hotel with parking. There is a parking lot across the street from the hotel but it is $25 a day. They also charge you for wifi connectivity even if you don't want it. As said before you might as well pay extra for another hotel in the long run.The rooms...not as expected. I looked at pictures on the hotel's websight and they showed beautiful rooms with antique decor. However, our room was not so. The walls were a painted brick, there was one window facing a brick wall, and the floors were uneven and extremely creaky. The bathroom was in desperate need of a remodeling and was not very clean.All together, we had a great time in New Orleans. And after a night out in the city it really didn't matter what the room looked like but that it was extremely close to everything.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>glapril
<Content>Dumbfounded Staff! DUH I called the hotel directly to make my reservation. I wanted to make sure we could get a room with a window and not an interior room. Since I was calling on a Friday afternoon and we were checking in the next day, I inquired about check in time which was 3:00 pm but George told me we wouldn't have a problem checking in earlier. We arrived the next day around 3:30 pm to discover the hotel had our arrival date as Friday night and not the two nights of Saturday and Sunday. On top of this, they had charged my credit card (my room was NOT guaranteed by the way) and when I asked them about crediting my card I was told there wasn't anything they could do. I was offered another interior queen smoking room which would NOT do. Then the Manager just stared at me like... not my problem. I again asked about the refund and was told I would have to speak with George who was over at the Queen and Crescent Hotel. Do you think they would have picked up the phone and called for me? I was told I could go on over to the Queen and Crescent and speak with George. What a missed opportunity!!! We headed over to the Queen and Crescent where LeeAnn greeted me and assured me we were going to be much happier at the Queen and Crescent. George, by the way, was NOT at the Queen and Crescent; he was off that day. Lee Ann; however, picked up the phone and managed to get George on the phone where he immediately quoted a lower rate than the Ambassador AND promised to refund the charge from the Ambassador.While they made good on our stay, the attitude of the folks from the Ambassador were clueless and seemed to care less whether we stayed or left.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Airpower2008
<Content>Stay away, far away First, I love the city and have stayed in many wonderful hotels in the past.Ambassador Hotel. It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. There was a lot of mold in the shower, the TV did not work, and it was noisy. This is enough, but let's focus on what was promised and denied, unsavory advertising. The hotel promised, but could not or refused providing after requests were made:1. 24 hour Valet- Not only does the hotel not offer 24 hour Valet parking, they did not offer us valet parking during prime time check in. They said valet was closed after 4 cars that arrived after we did, were parked. When I asked As....., at the front desk, how the parking worked, she told me to wait by my car till the valet came to park the car. It seemed reasonable until 4 folks checked in and parked after our two cars had arrived and we were checked in. I could not believe the two desk clerks refused to call the manager when they put us on the hook for $70 worth of parking fees. The parking for folks that arrived after us, but were parked first, was free. 2. Wrought iron beds- the beds were cheap imitation wrought iron beds. There is a difference.3. Hairdryers- The hair dryer did not work. It probably never worked a day in it's life. When I looked at the socket, it was a bad socket. I called for help, but again was denied. The desk told me sorry, nothing we can do on a weekend. Also refused to call a manager. They said he was on vacation and would not be back till Monday. They also said no one was left as an assistant.4. 100% commitment to ensuring you have wonderfulul stay- Enough said about this statement that sits proudly in their hotel. They don't care about your stay, just about making money with little investment. The stay was terrible and the rude staff will ensure I will not be back. They couldn't pay me to return.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>wendyreed68
<Content>Nice beds! Location is a little inconvenient! Front desk personnel were clueless as to the Saints playing that weekend. They asked what we were there for and we told them to watch the Saints. Then we asked for an upgraded room. All of a sudden, the exclaimed they had no upgrades because of the Saints playing! So we took our room with two double beds. The beds were soooo comfortable! The pillows were rather flat. The bathroom floors could use a re-grouting. The interior of the hotel was beautiful! We paid $70 with taxes and fees, INCLUDING parking! It's valet parking too. Couldn't really complain, except for the walk to the Quarter.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>stay-another-day
<Content>Little known gem ! Most of my stays in New Orleans are in hotels in the French Quarter. However, this time I booked the Ambassador because it is close to Harrah's Casino. The hotel is also very close to John Besh's Restaurant August - a must.I was delighted to find my room exactly as pictured in the web site - very clean and quiet. The receptionist - very friendly - helped point me in the right direction for a quick walk to the casino - very safe, lots of people walking around at night. In the morning the complementary coffee and muffins were tasty and satisfying - enough to get me to through the morning. I intend to stay at the Ambassador the next time I'm in New Orleans so an can explore another part of this wonderful city.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TKTRIPSALABAMA
<Content>A great gem. This is a great gem. The rooms are clean and very reasonably priced. with a friendly and helpfull staff. You are in walking distance from the Aquarium and other attractions. We couldn't ask for more.R/Karen Willemsen  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texlogic
<Content>Caveat Emptor - Buyer Beware Be careful when making reservations with this property. It seems to be a marketing company, or something of the sort that makes the reservations and many of the quoted prices change when you get to the hotel. To start with the positive, if you want a great location in Downtown New Orleans, this is it. It's right off of Canal Street, close to the French Quarter , casinos, the French Market and the Convention Center. The hotel is a converted old coffee warehouse built in the 1800's. There is a certain charm to the place. We were aware of the age of the building when we made the reservations and allowed some consideration for the age of the building. The business center is nice, and a very good excercise room.I'm afraid the negatives outweigh the positives. We wanted a hotel with a restaurant inside and the reservation agent said that they did have one. When we arrived, we found that the restaurant had been closed for several months, and would open again in a couple more months. Also, we were quoted one rate for parking and they tried to charge us another rate. We made the reservations on one credit card, and then changed cards at check out with the assurance that our first card would be credited. It has been a month and still no credit. Check-in was extremely slow, and they only have one parking attendent at any time. On one occation, I had to wait almost 45 minutes for them to bring me my car. The hotel staff were friendly enough, but seemed overwhelmed by complaints from guests. When we first got to our room, there was debris on the floor. We asked to have the room vacumed and it was almost 24 hours before someone did. The upkeep on the hotel is suspect. The tile in the bathrooms had gaps in them, and there was rotted moulding in the bathroom. The blinds on the windows were hung crookedly on the outside of the window cavity and there were water stains on the ceiling. Before it was a hotel, it must have been an office building since all of the doors have windows in them, with blinds on the windows. This hotel really has a lot of potential, but a long way to go to get a good review from me. I think that it's rated as a 3 star, but my rating would give it barely a 2. I've stayed in much worse hotels, but never one that promised so much and delivered so little.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>jessiepresley
<Content>Ambassador Hotel - Bittersweet The check-in to the hotel went very smoothly - everyone was polite and there were not any hang ups. My room actually looked just like one of the rooms online - a double queen with exposed brick walls, high ceilings and wood floors.The initial reaction to the room was the smell when first walking in - the room itself had kind of an old smell to it - but turning on the air quickly rid us of that problem. Another thing I noticed - the doors to the rooms are metal and you kind of have to slam them shut so you can hear other people opening and shutting their doors. The bar stays open until about 3 a.m. and the servers were nice and polite as well as the front desk manager on duty around that time.This hotel does have a few changes it could make - update the doors and possibly get new room numbers for each room - during my visit the room numbers were each written with a sharpie on a painted block of wood nailed to the wall. It is an excellent location - there is available free parking on the street and within walking distance of several nice restaurants as well as Harrah's casino and the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>DRich11
<Content>Terrible staff/service/cleanliness; Great location Stayed here for 4 nights during JazzFest. Rates were competitive and the location of this hotel is excellent--in Warehouse District and short walk to French Quarter.However, the service and staff at this hotel is terrible, and the hotel is dirty. They have a mandatory $7 a night resort fee for room phone/Internet which is not mentioned when you make a reservation. The front desk staff is unhelpful and indifferent, and the housekeeping staff and general manager are downright rude, bordering on obnoxious. There were holes in our bedspread. There was a dirty sock from a previous guest in one corner of our hotel room, covered in about a month of accumulated dust bunnies.It's clear that management and ownership doesn't care about customer service, repeat business or word of mouth; but rather is content to rely on their location in order to stay in business. Best of luck to them! Would never stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	1	3	

<Author>pollomiel
<Content>A mixed bag... Charming at first glance; not well taken care of when you take a closer look.For the money ($49.99/night), I was OK with the hotel. Location was very good (walking distance to convention center was bearable; I walked to and from the French Quarter in a decent amount of time) but the hotel suffers in basic areas.Front desk staff was not friendly. A call to the front desk in the middle of the night asking them to turn off an errant alarm clock in an empty room went ignored.Bed linens were clean but I did come home with bed bug bites. Furniture was decent. Bed was comfortable. Baths towels were clean but there was always some missing (washcloths one day; floor mat another).Electrical outlets were cracked/broken. There was a mystery substance on a wall (blood?) No pictures on any wall in the room. Wooden floor was beautiful but filthy.Bathroom was surprisingly clean and updated.For the money I paid, it's about what I expected. Would I return? Probably not.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	2	1	4	

<Author>EirleenB
<Content>Location is good, rooms are just OK The good news is the location. It is across from the casino, a few blocks to the river and the Riverwalk and a few blocks from the beginning of the French Quarter. The lobby is nice and the front desk people were friendly, especially when one considers it was not only New Year's eve, but the Sugar Bowl and almost the BCS championship game. So things were bustling. Our room was clean and had a few amenities.The bad news is: our room was so tiny that our bed faced the wall at the foot of the bed, and was only about 18 inches from that wall. Had I been any fatter I may not have been able to pass without turning sideways. It was so Spartan I could have been in a monastery. This hotel has few, if any, rooms with windows as it appears to have been a series of warehouses converted to a hotel. My son's room at least had a border around the top of the wall and was spacious with hardwood floors. Ours had the hardwood floors but was devoid of any character, in addition to being tiny.I guess the price was good when considering the location and the date, but the total price (including a previously unreported charge of $7 for internet access and free local phone calls, which we did not need) was about $150 (with tax). Considering the Hilton is probably at least a $100- $150 more expensive and is only about two blocks away, I guess it was a deal. But if you want a spacious room, a room with any view and a room with character, forget it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sassee143
<Content>Gabrielle Thomas is the Greatest Hotel Manager Known to Man!!!!!! Beautiful exposed brick walls and hardwood floors...however, there were a few detailed imperfections in the room that raise my concern. At this point I voiced my concerns with the manager, Gabrielle Thomas, and she QUICKLY jumped into action... This makes her the greatest manager know to MAN! She was calm, personable, and eager to help.Hats off to Mrs. Thomas!K. Smith K. Brown Rm. 339  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	4	3	

<Author>Lwyr12
<Content>Ambassador is good for large groups on a budget. Went to New Orleans with a large group and had to find a hotel on a pretty tight budget. The Ambassador accommodated us easily. The hotel is in a great location for seeing the best parts of the city and getting to lots of great restaurants. The staff is small, so you may not get much help from the front desk. The walls in the rooms are extremely thin and, if you are a light sleeper, could be disruptive. This hotel was great for what we needed, but I don't think I'd stay there on a family vacation or a solo trip.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	1	2	4	

<Author>kennap
<Content>nasty and cockroach ridden!!! Our room was an interior location with no windows and part of the elevator shaft. Needless to say, every time the elevator ran the room was loud and vibrated. The doors are also glass with busted up blinds, which hardly felt secure, not to mention the blinding light from the hallway. The room was also unclean, with dirty glasses under the beds. We stayed for 5 days on business and the only thing done to the room was pulling the covers up and giving us clean towels; no sweeping the floor, no freshening the (limited) amenities. Staff was rude and certainly uncaring. Final straw for us was the cockroaches in the lobby, RIGHT in front of the restaurant entrance. We pointed them out to the front desk and they just said huh and left it there. This happened 2 nights in a row. Disgusting. Will never go back...  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Tudifruit
<Content>The Sounds Of The Ambassador The first room I stayed in was small. There were no windows and the door to the room was not a solid door, it had a full length glass in the middle with a blind covering it. which did not make me feel secure. It was difficult to sleep because the light from the hallway infiltrated the room. There was no closet. The clothes had to be hung from a pole on the brick wall. There were exposed pipes in the ceiling. The floors are hardwood so it was very noisy. When I finally dozed off, I was abruptly awakend at 2am by a couple having an arguement. It sounded like they were in the room with me. Later that morning I requested another room when the disruption continued. I had to pack up my things and wait in the lobby for 45 minutes before I was put in another room. It was worth the wait. This room was larger, it had windows, a solid door which made me feel more secure and a closet. Again the floors were hardwood and it was very easy to hear the noise from neighboring guests, but it was much better than the first room. The front desk staff were not that friendly, but they were professional.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Atown84
<Content>Ambassador... eh I stayed at the Ambassador recently with a couple friends.The hotel itself is pretty nice. The downstairs bar looked really nice. The room we stayed in had some issues with the flooring, but the size and beds were not an issue.We did have a BIG problem with a member of the night staff. A buddy and I were out pretty late one night drinking and having a great time. When we arrived back at the hotel we had to wait outside for about an hour and a half because the lady at the front desk did not buzz us in. When we complained she said You were outside for about 5 minutes basically called us liars.The hotel itself is a nice location and the rooms are ok but the staff sucks.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>NOLA_Cher
<Content>Great for the price! We live in a suburb of New Orleans on the other side of Lake Pontchartrain. So, when we decide to enjoy the New Orleans nightlife, it's easier for us to just stay in the city for the night rather than drive the 45 mile drive home at 3 a.m. We decided to get a cheap room where we could crash for the night. The Ambassador was more than we expected. It's an old building, so keep that in mind. No, it's not the Ritz, but you're not paying Ritz prices either. It was a great value.The Ambassador had VERY comfortable beds. The double-double rooms give you TWO KING beds and I slept like a baby. The temp in the room was cold -- just how I like it. There was a small window, but no view. The bathrooms are adequate enough. The location was absolutely perfect. It's across from Harrah's and the Riverwalk, only a few blocks from the quarter, and one block from the streetcar line. You could park and never get in your car again until its time to leave. Everything is within walking distance. We will definitely stay here again when we decide to spend a weekend in the city.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sean11G
<Content>musty but adequate The cost of my stay per night at the Ambassador was very low , so I was satisfied with the accommodations. however if I had paid full price for it i would have been greatly disappointed. Be prepared to pay around an extra seven bucks a night for phone fees and interenet which are required and paid at check in. The hotel has a unique charm but sometimes the comfort of cleanliness is worth more. the rooms were musty and quaint. The women at the front desk were exceptional though. they were helpful and sweet. we had to switch rooms because the first room smelled of cigarettes although was not a smoking room... The location of the hotel was perfect. It was quiet but easily accessible to the major attractions. I recommend going to preservation hall and eating at the New Orleans pizza kitchen, plus wilkey's for lunch (in the business district). skip the New Orleans Museum of Art though.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>Grasshopper74
<Content>Hidden charges and bad service First off, this is a nice, new hotel in a very good location. We had a corner room and it was much better than I was expecting. However, don't expect a high level of service. I let the front desk know early on Saturday that the toilet was backed up and I came back late that night to discover nothing had been done. Also, when I checked out I gave the concierge my car key and we proceeded to wait in the lobby for 45 minutes. Turns out he had lost the key! I am not kidding...I had to help him find it. As for the hotel cost...while the weekend rate was very good (with free parking), there is a $7 per night communications fee. It should go without saying but that is a completely bogus fee. Supposedly it pays for your hotel phone and the PC in the lobby. I won't stay at the Ambassador again...no matter how low the price is.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swoolley
<Content>Can't wait to go back to the Ambasssador We went to the Jazz Fesival and were not really sure what to expect in NO since Katrina. The Ambassador staff was excellant. Mr. Smith the room division manager was very accomodating. Upon our arrival he had a refrigarator delivered to our room as we had requested. My elderly mother was there with us and felt very welcomed and safe by Mr. Smith. He really delivered some great southern hospitality. The hotel has a lot of character and not your typical hotel with brick walls and hard wood floors. I would advise anybody to stay at the Ambassador in NO. It also is in a great location with the river walk, the french quarter and the Market within walking distance.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

