<Author>judrops
<Content>loved the location my fiance and I stayed for 3 nights from 5th dec 08. The hotel itself was in a great Location and every where was easily accessable. The room was ample big enough the only down side was there was no coffee making facilities in our room. Which was really strange for a 4 star hotel.We have stayed at other similar hotels in europe and England and thought all had these facilities. We will learn from this experience and take a travel kettle in future. on the plus side the breakfast variety was brilliant and was topped up with hot food regularly and it was good that you didnt have to rush down for breakfast as this was served untill 10.30. holiday itself was really nice but we found all the shops extremely expensive.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ezpass
<Content>Enjoyed our stay there Stayed for 4 nights. We had to take 2 rooms since they didn't have a vacant family room. The rooms are plesant and clean, quite small though. The stuff was friendly and helpful - could tell us everything we needed about public transportation, opening hours etc'. The breakfast free buffet was really excellent - reach and tasty, with a variety of food and beverages.Unlike in the States, in Europe they charge for internet access (13 Euro per day) which is pretty annoying. Also, in the bath room there are soap / shampoo (together!) dispensers, instead of regular packs. I didn't like it, but it is really negligible.The location is very good, in walking distance to shopping area, restorants and bars. There are subway stations near by, and major bus lines as well. We paid aprox. 100 Euro per night per room (for two).  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ScottTheTraveler
<Content>Highly Recommended I spent 3 days here as a solo traveler. Very nice hotel on Western Berlin's version of 5th Avenue. The room was comfortable and quiet with plenty of space. Good A/C. Very good breakfast (eggs , sausage and the usual European fare of fruit, cereal, yoghurt, breads, salads and cold cuts). The staff was extremely helpful. I liked the movie posters all over the hotel (unfortunately there were no posters or postcards of movies for sale). The 2nd floor was nonsmoking - the 4th floor had American movie stars. Small exercise room with cardio and weight machines.Nearby: Burger King next door. Around the corner and down the block is a grocery store and an internet cafe (3 EUR/hr - hotel charged 8 EUR/hr - 2008). Nice restaurants on Bleibtreu Strasse (side street to the north and west of the hotel).Getting around: The M29 bus was convenient to getting to eastern Berlin (get a transit pass!) The 109 takes you to the Berlin Zoo train station. (the stop is ~100 feet to the west of the hotel). The U-Bahn is about 2 blocks east (Uhlandstrasse).Getting to the Hotel: VERY EASY - At the airport (TXL) head towards the bus depot outside the Main Terminal (buy tickets just inside the terminal or on the bus - 2.10 EUR in 2008!). Take the 109 to Bleibtreau strasse (the stop is after Adenauerplatz and before Uhlandstrasse - I mention these two stops as they are on most maps - tell the bus driver where you want to get off). The hotel is ~100 feet to your left as you exit the bus. If arriving by train, get to Berlin Zoo using the S-Bahn (again 2.10 EUR) then go out front and get on the 109 or 110 bus (free transfer). Again your stop is Bleibtreu strasse (about 3 stops). The hotel is across the street from the stop. I dare you to find a cheaper airport transfer!!!Check the hotel's website for deals (I received a free transit pass with my reservation and a low rate).  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>themonstersmam
<Content>Fantastic hotel My Husband, our daughter and myself stayed for 3 nights in this fantastic hotel. We had booked a triple room but on arrival were given a family/business suite. The room was large, clean and comfortable. It had a seperate dressing room /walk in wardrobe so all our luggage was out of the way. The breakfast was excellent someting for everyones taste. Everything was very fresh and tasty. It is situated in old west berlin but it is easy to travel to the east side where most of thesites are. Though there are sites  to visit around this area.There are many resturants around the hotel all within a short walking distance especially on Bleibtreu strasse and around Savingy platz. Our favourite was a little german bar/restuarant called Dicke Wirten on Carmerstrasse just off Savingy platz. Good beer and food.If using the S bahn Savingyplaz sation is closer than zoo station. I can recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Barbara02
<Content>Great Fun A group of us stayed in May and found the hotel great fun - very different to our usual hotels which normally reflect the country or city we are visiting rather than large hotel chains. The rooms were excellent and large, and the breakfast was very good, with a changing menu each day.The Hollywood theme was a talking point and it is in a good location for sightseeing. We would definitely return there.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stringwizard
<Content>Very friendly staff I stayed at The Hollywood Media my first time in Berlin and hadno idea what to expect. As it turned out I was very pleased with the overall feel of the place, but when I sit back and think about my trip I mostly recallthe smiling, welcoming faces that greeted me ever time I entered the hotel. I recently tried to reserve a room for when I return to Berlin this September but they were booked solid. My first choice not being available I will have to venture to unknown hotels which I hope can at least match the HMHfor creating an atmosphere of welcoming.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Charlie_Leicester101
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, And Great Food :)       The Front of the Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mellyb1962
<Content>Top Hotel Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hollywood Media Hotel. We booked a family room and we were not disappointed with the room at all. Clean and spacious, nice bathroom. We didn,t pay the earth for our stay either. Breakfast was as previously stated in other reviews, plentiful and plenty of choice. I would fully recommend to anyone if thinking of staying in Berlin consider staying here, you will not be disappointed with the hotel or the location.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GlobalJana
<Content>Service wasn't that great I stayed at the Hollywood Media hotel for almost one week when in Berlin for business. The location is FANTASTIC - right on the Ku'damm and within walking distance to shopping and restaurants. Its also a very short taxi ride (10 minutes) to the Messe Hall if you're in town for a convention.The hotel itself is pretty quirky - almost gaudy with its bizarre decorations. The rooms are decent sized (for Europe) and the hotel has a gym and solarium (which are small but at least they ahve them).The biggest problem I had was when I checked out a day early. Our company had reserved at least 20 rooms for nearly a week. I had changed my reservation to arrive a day earlier and also check out a day earlier. However, when I went to check out, they still charged me for the extra day when I did not stay. It was most likely miscommunication between my corporate travel agent but I was pretty shocked that they were so strict - espcially since I had arrived a day earlier and also because my company had give them quite a bit of business.In short, I would not recommend staying here if there is any chance your dates of your stay may change.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Mairmi
<Content>Go for it! My husband and I have just returned from Hollywood Media Hotel where we stayed for the past week. The hotel is excellent. Its location is on one of the main shopping streets in Berlin. The atmosphere in the hotel is very relaxed and staff are very friendly and professional. The breakfasts in the hotel are amazing. A huge selection to choose from each morning with a different selection of hot food presented each day. The dining room is run with excellent efficiency and the staff in the breakfast room are eager to please. There is absolutely no shortage of food, either hot or cold!There is also a small gym on the top floor of the hotel which I used everyday and never had to wait as I was the only person in the gym each day! The hollywood theme works very well and it certainly is not 'in your face'. Overall, the location is excellent as there is a bus stop outside the door with a fantastic public transport system. I really recommend this hotel for any tourists in Berlin.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RandomTraveler7
<Content>Nice hotel, location could be better My husband and I stayed for 3 nights at the Hollywood Media Hotel. The overall experience with this hotel was good: the room (and the hotel) was very clean and breakfast was also nice. But: you need to pack up all your bathroom necessities with you if you don't want to spend your time asking for the normal 4star nail files, shower caps etc from the reception.The location though is not perfect. There are a lot of shops within the walking distance, but all the attractions are only accessible by train or bus (the stops are near and good connections). There seems to be no night life/no nice restaurants in this area. So all in all, even is Hollywood Media Hotel was a nice experience, I would go for east Berlin next time (Alexanderplatz).  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Triona_7
<Content>Very Relaxing Atmosphere We stayed at this hotel while at a trade conference in Berlin for 6 days. Bascially we booked this hotel because it was the only one available as we were booking in a hurry and we did'nt want to pay too much. We were very pleasd entirely and the hotel is much better than in the reviews. Rooms are large with walk in wardrobe and seperate living area. Lots of restaurants in walking distance. I found the staff very nice and helpful and the hotel has a very homely atmosphere. There is none of the nonsence you see in some hotels with someone watching every step. You can come and go as you please. There are lots of pictures around of famous films and stars but thats it really. It's not over the top. Breakfast is excellent but the tables are probably a bit too close, although the breakfast serves up to 10.30am so you dont have to get up too early but it was'nt too full anyway.The room heater was'nt working so it was cold, but we did'nt persue it as, but this was probably just our room. Apart from that we loved Berlin and the hotel and would definetely stay there again.Triona, Ireland.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Mojie
<Content>Quirky but nice! Hotel has a lot going for it. Great location (right on Ku'Damm!), nice clean rooms with comfortable beds, and an excellent breakfast buffet, and good service. The downside -- the whole Hollywood theme thing. It is silly and better suited to a theme park hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>vermeer
<Content>Difficult to do better! This is a modern hotel with very well equipped rooms. The price is very competitive for such a modern four star. the Hollywood theme gives the place a nice quirky feel. The rooms are a good size. The breakfast room gives you a good choice in a buffet style. The hotel bar is open as long as you are there (until 5am in our case) and all the staff are generally very friendly.The shopping is right outside your door and there are plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance. In particular Savignyplatz is just around the corner. If you are looking for the tourist sites then you are a 12 euro taxi fare from Checkpoint Charlie, probbaly 2.10 eorous on the inderground.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>impavidus
<Content>A very odd place The trouble with themes is just that you can't help it being subjective. Say you were an opera buff and one of your clients mistakenly assumed you liked hard rock concerts and took you to one. You would necessarily put a brave face to what it might turn out to be the most excruciating couple of hours of your life, you may even - if you are so brave - pretend to know something about the band that was playing, but in the end you would certainly be glad to get back to your pad and the first thing you'd do (once you regained your hearing) would be to reach for your collection of opera CDs, playing your favourite piece to restore your inner balance. This is exactly the trouble with the Hollywood Media Hotel. If you are a movies buff you are in your element. If, like me, you just watch movies but couldn't give a hoot about actors, actresses and the fickle world of celluloid, then you would be somewhat less appreciative of this hotel's main features. But let's face it, themed hotels belong to theme parks and although some of our most touristy cities in the world may very well be on the verge of turning into branches of the Disney corporation, I have fortunately failed to notice the presence of hotels pretending to have a locally related theme in all of them, let alone the theme of a place thousand of miles from where you are staying. So, the Hollywood Media Hotel can only get away with its theme in a quirky city like Berlin, and in the middle of the Ku'Damm and right next door to a fast food joint, just to add to the authenticity of all that is gimmicky and tacky. By now, you are either completely turned off and are seeking another hotel, or you are desperate to know more about this place. Let's say that its main feature is the Hollywood posters, plastered on every inch of available space around the public areas. Large chandeliers and various other props add to the phoney effect and greet you on arrival (or was it the staff?). If you had a long flight you may be rudely awaken by all these of images screaming for attention, which is exactly what cinema posters are supposed to do. The short trip to your room through the labyrinthine corridors garishly furnished with more posters, and a carpet reminding you of the hotel name around every corner, takes to what is a total contrast to the rest of this establishment, since the rooms are surprisingly and disappointingly bland. Just when you had resigned (or fired) yourself to the idea that for one night or two you were going to move into a Hollywood set, you are instead rudely projected back to the reality of basic 4 star hotels and are therefore returned to galaxy blandness. (There must be a college somewhere for interior designers specialising in this kind of decor - if anyone knows I would be grateful for the information!) With the only exception of a picture of the thespian to whom the room is dedicated to (did I forget to mention that?), there is absolutely nothing else in your room to even hint that you are staying in a themed hotel. In fact, there is little else to remind you that you are staying in a 4 star hotel, since the hotel management has seen it fit to diligently remove every single item of complimentary toiletries from the bathroom, but saying thatm should you feel the urge to get a toothpaste, they would be delighted to offer it to you if you visited reception. How many people may actually bother to ask for their basket of goodies is unknown to me. If you are like me and you'd rather brush your teeth with the soap out of the dispenser, before having to dress up again to get a few floors down to reception to ask for some toothpaste, I suspect the hotel manages to save quite a lot of money with this stunt. Did I omit to say there is of course a bed, a table, a TV and the rest of the stuff you'd normally associate with a hotel room? I am sorry. Of course you do get all that and you don't even have to go down to reception to ask for it. Was the room clean? Certainly. Was the bathroom OK? Well, yes and no, the shower in my room was powerful enough, but the water took ages to drain, which is a sure symptom of either dodgy plumbing or of a blockage with unspeakable remains of previous guests. I promise you, however, that I failed to ascertain which of these options it was, deciding to leave this pleasure to the next guest. Breakfast is served in a large factory like space with rows of tables and chairs and I have to admit you are spoilt for choice and it's on par with any other 4 star hotels around, so full marks here.Would I recommend this place? As I hinted at the beginning you either love this place or hate it. There is nothing wrong with its basic ingredients, and I have to give it to the staff that they are very obliging and welcoming, but it's just like a movie set, scrape under the surface and you are not left with very much at all. If you seek calm and sophistication look elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>easyjettraveller
<Content>hollywood here we come! My sisters and i stayed for 4 nights at this hotel. It was fab. We stayed in the Marlene Dietriche room which was very spacious for the three of us. The hotel staff were very pleasent and helpful. Breakfast was truely wonderful. This hotel is easy to get to from the airport. 2.10 euro on the train to Zoological Gardens. You could walk 10 mins to the hotel from there or get a taxi 5 euro. We really enjoyed Berlin the people were very friendly and spoke good english. The Christmas markets were worth the visit but we would like to return in summer to see the beautiful gardens etc.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stardriver2k
<Content>real great hotel spent one night here and was absolutly happy with everything. real great hotel with friendly staff, nice rooms and a great scenery with all that movie stuff.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this hotel This hotel is nice and clean , well equiped and breakfast is fabulous ! We felt like movie stars and enjoyed every minute. In addition - hotel location is very good . This is rather expensive hotel - but worthy.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>52tripper
<Content>Better than many hotels My husband and I stayed at the Hollywood Media Hotel in May 2005. It is conveniently located on the Ku'Damm so if you want to do some upscale shopping, it is just right. Our room was clean and seemed to be newly renovated. The buffet breakfast was great including a variety of hot and cold dishes. We bought a city bus pass that we used to visit many of the major sights. The buses are complete with headphones so that you can listen to the tour in your language of preference. A nice feature is being able to jump off the bus at any number of locations and then jump back on when it suits you. The location of the bus stops and place to purchase the tickets is almost outside the hotel door.We give it an above average review because it was clean and fresh and had a good breakfast. For the price it is a better value than many hotels with a much higher price.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Valmarani
<Content>Hollywood Media:ottimo per famiglie   showReview(16400701, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>pracco
<Content>Fantastico hotel nella strada pi霉 importante di Berlino   showReview(14612408, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

