<Author>Caroline&Scott
<Content>Amazing       Plumiera Beach  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kotadog
<Content>Loved the relaxing Kahala hotel beach The Kahala hotel has a wonderful atmosphere and the remodeled rooms are beautiful. It is nice to enjoy an afternoon on their private beach instead of fighting the crowds in Waikiki Beach area. The staff was friendly and were willing to accomodate any errors in service.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>westerntrips
<Content>We loved the Kahala!       the dolphin lagoon  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JACKYBATH
<Content>Loved the Bedroom I had planned the holiday for our 25 Wedding Anniversary on 3 Dec 08 and I was really looking forward to the holiday never having visited Hawaii before, I was not disappointed. The hotel was fantastic, the staff were friendly and looked after us very well. when I informed the hotel that it was our Silver Wedding Anniversary in advance of travelling, they had a huge exotic fruit platter ready in the rom for when we arrived combined with a box of chocolates courtesy of the hotel. The hotel offered us a room upgrade as we were celebrating our anniversary, the room was beautiful and very large, with a large balcony overlooking the exclusive golf course.We ate at the Plumeria restaraunt for our anniversary which was very nice food. We also ate a couple of times at the poolside restaurant, once again the food was great.There was a courtesy shuttle bus to take us to the 3 local shopping areas one of which was Waikiki Beach, this was a handy service which we used most days.The staff at the hotel couldnt do enough to make our stay perfect. We had a fab time and would love to return to the hotel as soon as we can.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Socaltrader
<Content>Management is horrible I just came back from a week long stay at this hotel. First thing we noticed when we checked in to the room was a letter from the management stating that there were renovations going on and that although they are sorry for the inconvenience, they are important. UH, hello! You mean more important than your paying guests? And no where does the website mention this. You would think that a so-called 5 star hotel would have enough decency to tell their guests BEFORE they make reservations that they are still under renovations. And during my week stay, no matter where you went, beach or poolside or even my room, you could hear the contstruction. And don;t bother complaining to management because they will offer no solutions. The time I called I was told it would continue until 5pm. This was happening rioght above my room. And the manager (Paul) just said that it would be pointless to move because they move alot around the hotel. Say what? You mean you can runa hotel but you can't manage your renovations? Completely [--] clueless management. Yeah the beach is pretty there. The staff is nice. The rooms are renovated. BUT, internet is 15 bucks per day. Room service is 15 bucks for deliver plus 17% gratuity. Other than Plumeria buffet, the food stinks. And you are about 20-30 mins from Waikiki or shoudl I say civilization. In my opinion they are a bunch of theives for not advising guests before they reserve or arrive that they are under construction.Go stay at the Halekulani imo. At least they warn you before you reserve and it's one hell of a classy place right smack in Waikiki.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	2	2	4	2	

<Author>NOLAfan85
<Content>Still under heavy construction and still lacking I stayed at this hotel in the summer - not a good experience. I was told, during my stay, that the resort was going through difficult times due to the heavy construction. Well, I could understand that. So, when I was looking to go back to HNL for a getaway last month, I saw that the hotel's website was devoid of construction warnings. So, I booked a room. Let me tell you....they are still heavily under construction and they still have all of the same problems. I felt so cheated that they are not telling people that half the hotel (Dolphin wing) is closed down and boarded off - literally. This hotel is not playing straight with its customers. I will not return again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tigpvb
<Content>Lovely Property, Nice Staff, Lacking in Several Areas We just returned home from a visit to Hawaii that included a four night stay at the Kahala. Now, let me admit, I am spoiled. I like to travel and travel top of the line. We chose the Kahala because a colleague of mine was there last year and raved. We originally booked a beachfront suite and were moved to the hotel property because of rennovations. The suite we wound up in was lovely and beautiful and full oceanfront. No complaints there. However, when I received the letter from the hotel in August advising of the room change, I immediately called to question the rennovations--not wanting to be bothered with noise, dust and inconvenience. I was assured that the rennovations were a soft upgrade and that coupled with the room change we would not be affected. Well folks, they lied. Not only were the disclosed rennovations loud and disruptive, they were also installing barricades on the balconies in the building where we were moved. Drilling, pounding, scaffolding, YUCK! I called to complain and the manager on duty was more concerned about who I spoke to in August than my concerns. Shame on them.Also, be aware that because the hotel caters mostly to Japanese tourists, the pool is kept very, very warm. Not cool, not refreshing. Not hot enough to be a spa, just overly warm.The concierge did very well with activities suggestions, but completely missed the boat on off site dinner suggestions. All of the restaurants on property have a heavy asian emphasis, one night we were looking for something different, and the only suggestions were Thai, Korean or Vietnamese. I guess technically different--but not very.Staff are generally very efficient, and the food is tasty and well presented.My roommate participated in the dolphin program on site and had a spectacular time. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PrinceMacK
<Content>Fantastic hotel - but watch out for a few things We stayed for 5 nights at the Kahala. We wanted to stay at a hotel outside the hub bub of downtown. First the view and setting is magnificent. Having breakfast right on the ocean and with dolphins to greet us every morning is something we will never forget. Yes, the Kahala has their very own dolphin lagoon. The buffet breakfast is great with lots of options - our breakfast buffet was included in our room price. The rooms are spacious and clean. One tip, if you are traveling with someone else, ask for a room that has the large bathroom with the double sinks. You won't be disappointed, it's a fantastic bathroom with his and hers sides. The staff is friendly. There are two things you should be mindful of before you go. As stated in their confirmation sheet when you book, room numbers and bed sizes are not guaranteed. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that no King beds were available that we requested. We were so tired from our flight we said, what the hell and took the double bed they said was available. The double beds are very, very small. After one night of being kicked by my husband accidentally in bed, we demanded a room with a King bed. At a 5 star resort, I shouldn't have to demand this and due to this inconvenience, the hotel did not offer anything in return ( a free drink coupon, etc...). If getting the right size bed is a must, you may be in for a surprise when you get to the front desk. The front desk did take a few hours to find us a new room with a King bed. 2nd, during our 5 days there, renovations were taking place and drilling started for installing soundproofing in rooms starting at 8 am. Yes, 8 am. Although the guests were notified by phone and by written memo of this issue, it was still annoying to all guests. I realize the Kahala can't shut down completely. Before you book, you may want to find out if the renovations have been completed. Even with the issues we encountered, I still believe this is a great hotel if you want to get away from it all and not be near touristy Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>zuza11
<Content>Awesome and so Relaxing I don't even know where to begin, my wife and I had such a great time at the Kahala. We went there on our honeymoon 5 years and knew we wanted to return for our 5th year wedding anniversary. I had made a reservation online and then confirmed it on the phone and requested a patio or lanai room overlooking the dolphin lagoon. When we checked in we were a shown to a room with a lanai that had a view of the ocean but the view was primarily overlooking the front entrance and the parking turnaround. I wrote a letter to the manager and dropped it off at the front desk the next morning. About 4 hours later, the hotel manager, Mr. Lee, called me apologized for any inconvenience and said to stop by the front desk and they would arrange for us to move to a room with a dolphin view and a lanai. I was very impressed with his response and how nice he was, and that he had a bellman waiting for us to help us with the move. All the people at the Kahala reflect that same helpful spirit, Ian and George who are waiters at the Plumeria on the breakfast shift go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need. Even while you are being seated they go to get your choice of beverage. Joy is the hostess at Plumeria and she truly is a joy, trying to make everyone feel welcome. If you need anything at the beach there is man named, Lloyd, who will help you with anything you need and at the restaurant Hoku's our waitress was a woman named ,Iris, and she very helpful and nice as well. One night we went out for dinner at the original Roy's and we were pleasantly surprised when the manger, Zameer, remembred us. He used to be a restaurant manager at the Kahala and remembered when we were there for our honeymoon 5 years ago. He immediately made us feel we were at his house and not at a restaurant. I highly recommed the original Roy's. The weather was perfect while we were there. Early November seems to be a downtime at the hotel as well. It was so peaceful and relaxing. They were still finishing up a little construction work but I imagine it will be finished by the time their Christmas rush arrives. The new beds they had were absolutely incredible. My wife and I were sad that it had taken us 5 years to get back to the Kahala and will hopefully make our next visit in a shorter amount of time.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Floridason
<Content>Continuing it's slow slide downhill. My partner and I stayed for the 5th time at the Kahala in late September.It was our anniversary, so obviously a special trip. We double-checked as did our travel agent, that the hotel knew it was our anniversary, requested an upgrade which is one of the perks through booking at my agent's company, and that we were past guests.When we arrived the receptionist had simply no idea what was going on, she was as they typically are at the desk, pretty lame. She didn't even know there were two of us in the room although we showed her our confirmation. She looked at us like we were speaking a foreign language when we asked about the upgrade and mumbled something like I have no information on that and basically just tried to get us to move away from the desk.However, when we arrived in the room, there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us. There was, however, no note to explain who sent it. I wasn't sure if it was from a friend wishing us a happy anniversary, or if it was from my travel agent or if it was from the hotel thanking us for our repeat business or even acknowledging our anniversary. Nada. Zip. And no welcome back note, even though we had one the last time. What gives, don't they have procedures in place to acknowledge their past guests who continue to spend $$$ there?The thing I notice about the hotel is that most of the staff are friendly but they don't do much. You can never get the ladies at the reception desk to do anything out of the norm, i.e. have a late check-out. Twice during the stay our room wasn't cleaned even though we left at about 8am and returned well after 3pm. We generally phone housekeeping to let them know we're going since this has happened before but this time it was pretty bad. They also have this really nice area overlooking the dolphin lagoon and pool called The Verandah where you can have high tea and snacks or just appetizers and drinks. There is usually a nice breeze and it's very relaxing and romantic. The last time we were there in the spring they had some great edemame but when we asked about it this time the girl just flatly told us they stopped offering it but no other alternatives. The staff at The Verandah usually consists of 1 (one) college girl who has to serve about 20 tables both in and outside so she's usually pulled pretty thin and subesequently the service is not always the best or the fastest. That's the thing - The Kahala seems to not have too many staff members around other than the valet guys, who ROCK by the way! It's like they are trying to cut costs by having as little staff available as possible.True, it is a beautiful property but still you go there for the almost private beach, the larger rooms but ultimately service. There isn't much service lately and it's getting worse. The staff, has taken, to always saying hello to you as you walk by them but that is the extent, they don't go the extra step and for a property that charges as much as they do, they really need to do so.We love the beach and the privacy but we're going back to the Halekulani. It's not as large but they ooze service and they do the little things. Lots of amenities in the bathroom like mouthwash and constant replenishment, FREE Internet, they learn your name. Basically they are a 5 Star hotel and they act like it.I did write the General Manager of the hotel. He replied back with a single paragrah saying it was unfortunate that my check-in experience at reception wasn't good. Duh?  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	5	3	-1	2	3	

<Author>BluePlanetWonderGirl
<Content>Love this hotel       View From 10th Floor - Kahala Hotel  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MartinK72
<Content>Wonderful!       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mary2go
<Content>Beautiful Location, Room  My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here the first week of October. We have been to Hawaii many times and I always wanted to try the Kahala. We were a bit put off by some of the reviews but decided to give it a try. We used Amex points for most of the nights but paid over $500 a night for the additional night. Positives - The location is quiet and the beach is very nice, It was very slow due to the time of year and the economy so no problems with lounges around the pool or beach. All of the staff was very pleasant and helpful. We ate breakfast almost every morning at the Plumeria, the buffet was really good although expensive but no more than any high end Hawaii resort. We also had dinner there a couple of nights and enjoyed the meals. The room we had was a mountain view with a lanai and the view was beautiful even though it wasn't an ocean view. Note that not all of the rooms have a lanai. The room was large by Hawaii standards and had a nice flat screen. The bathrooms had a huge amount of room and storage space. Two closets and extra drawers. We had dinner a couple of nights in Waikiki and one night in Hawaii Kai and couple in the Kahala area. It is really easy to get to Waikiki, a pretty drive through gorgeous residential area and the front side of Diamond Head.Negatives - The pool area needs a facelift. The pool is small and not in great shape. It didn't look like they washed down the pool deck area every night like most resorts do so it always seemed kind of sandy and not really clean. The coping around the pool was kind of crumbly. The lounge chairs looked pretty old and it looked like they had been repainted and the paint was wearing off and dirty. Not what I would expect at a 5 star hotel. I know lots of people come for the dolphin program but to me it seems cruel to have them confined to a fairly small area. It is billed as a learning program but I am sure it is pretty lucrative. My husband and I both felt the Kahala would be improved by getting rid of the dolphin area and revamping the pool area with a nice big pool like other resorts have. New furniture with tables and chairs besides just chaise lounges would be nice. It would really make them unique to Oahu as none of the Waikiki hotels other than the Hilton have nice pools. I don't know if I will go back again unless I hear the place has fixed up the pool area etc. I wasn't too upset since I was using points and not $. If I was paying over $500 a nite I would have been bummed. We have stayed at the Marriott and the Moana and at a couple of hundred dollars less a night I would go back there. If you are looking for a luxury hotel away from Waikiki I would recommend the Wailea area in Maui as the 5 star places there are actually 5 star with nicer pools. Wailea also gives a better choice of restaurants and shops in close proximity.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>march25
<Content>Great Hotel, service is super, This is a really good hotel.From the moment we arrived we were greeted by very warm staff.The valet, front desk were so nice.But I was somewhat disappointed since i did book king bed room since this was suppose to be our honeymoon, but they said i did not requested this when i booked the rooms. Instead they can only give us double bed room. If we need to upgrade we have to pay more.Hmmm i dont think that was fair since I know i did picked a king room. Anyways we just kept the double bed room and made the most of it. Since they know that it is a honeymoon they provided us with champagne and chocolate strawberries w/c was on the house.We stayed in this hotel for 6 night .The room was really nice , cozy, elegant.We had the mountain view and it was very very romantic at night.The cleaning staff were really nice and friendly.The pool staff not so nice . I over heard one of them being not so nice to one of the guest.The food is great. We are at plummeria couple of times.Service was also very very good.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>samimax
<Content>Wonderful, Heavenly, Paradise! We spent 7 nights at The Kahala and it was absolutely wonderful, the best hotel we have ever stayed in! We arrived in the middle of the night absolutely exhausted and recieved a lovely welcome and traditional lei greeting! We fell into the most comfortable bed in the world and slept peacefully. Our room was a great size, we had an ocean view lanai, which had spectacular views of both sea in front and diamond head to the left. We felt like we had died and gone to heaven!House keeping provided nice extra touches leaving dolphin cuddly toys fo our kids and leaving Hawaiin music playing when they turned down the beds in the evening. The food was excellent, we ate breakfast most mornings, the omelettes made to order were amazing, and a great variety of food on offer, expensive but worth the money. We ate in Tokyo Tokyo, a first for us and a great experience. Hoku's was wonderful too, beautiful food and lovely sea views.The pool and beach were beautiful, and the staff very helpful and attentive. The poolside smoothies were yummy and we loved watching the dolphins! We used the hotel shuttle to explore Waikiki and visit the malls. Very useful and drivers very helpful. Most of the guests appeared to be very wealthy with designer shopping bags whilst we trudged in with our fantastic finds from Wal-Mart, but we were treated like royalty! Visiting downtown Honolulu and Waikiki was great but even better knowing we would return to our little haven later in the day. Having seen how close together and busy the main resort area is, we would not consider staying anywhere but The Kahala and will deffinately visit again sometime in the future. The perfect holiday!The only negative I can think of is that there were four of us, 2 adults and 2 kids and we had booked a room for four. The room had a king size bed and they brought in a single bed and said that if we wanted another bed for our 2nd child we would have to pay an extra 50 dollars per night. Our son slept on the sofa instead of paying the extra! We had kind of assumed that a room for four meant beds for four would be included! A fab hotel, we would deffinately recommend it!!!! Go on the hotel website and listen to the music to get you in the Hawaiin mood!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eyerishone
<Content>Kahala Resort...Paradise on Earth We recently returned fom a trip to Hawaii, including a stay at the Kahala Resort in Honolulu. Since this was a special anniversary trip, we did a lot of research, and wow...did we make a GREAT choice!I will write about the beautiful resort, but I wanted to start with the Kahala's most important asset, their staff. From the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty. This is a staff that cannot do enough for you. Everyone is so friendly and happy, and it is a genuine kind of warmth that they share with you. They greet you by name, remember your preferences, and always seem to go a step above and beyond what you would expect. I truly cannot say enough about each and every employee that we were in contact with along the way. They are the best!As for the property, it is set along a beautiful stretch of beach, about 10-15 minutes drive time outside of Waikiki, but it feels like worlds away. The rooms are immaculate, the bathrooms are big and luxurious, and I never had a better night's sleep than on that wonderful mattress! We were even greeted with a chilled bottle of champagne.The food was excellent, and I am still missing those wonderful crepe pancakes from the breakfast buffet. We treated ourselves to a warm Pohaku stone massage, and since it was the first for both of us, I can't make comparisons, but I can't imagine feeling anymore relaxed or pampered than we were made to feel.I had my hair done in the salon for our vow renewal ceremony, and once again felt like my picture belonged on the wall of celebrities outside, because of the way I was treated.The view from our balcony was breathtaking, and we were always entertained by the 2-3 weddings on the beach daily, or the staff of the dolphin lagoon, and their eagerness to share any information you inquired about.Our only disappointment was that it went by too fast. We will surely return, and would not even consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeje68
<Content>the most underated hotel in Hawaii       the dolphins from our room,  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LetsPack!
<Content>Hardly a 5 Star! More like a 3 1/2 Star! We stayed at The Kahala for 8 days the first week of September. I stayed there with my husband and 22 month old son. I first want to say that we have stayed at hotels such as the Marriott Townplace suites to the Four Seasons and only have the expectations that the Hotel rates itself to be. Basically you get what you pay for. The Kahala hardly lives up to that standard. I do not know where the millions of dollars in renovations went? The carpet in the hallways was old, worn and stained. The wallpaper was coming apart and ripped by the elevators on the Lower Lobby Level. Our toilet seat was actually shaved and discoloured! (We think it was shaved to allow the door to open inwards, but nevertheless, this is not a Motel 6!The swimming pool is deceptively painted blue so God knows if it is clean. The toddler pool was never cleaned in 8 days while we were there. There were always lots on leaves and sand in it, and the water level just dropped each day. How wonderful to place your toddler in a dirty pool.The dolphin quest experience may be fun but the water is so murky that you would not want to even touch it. My husband experienced the dolphins in Mexico and said it was completely different and so clean.The landscape is worse that a Holiday Inn upon arrival. Could they not fork out a few thousand dollars to plant living Birds of Paradise instead of the dead few placed in the center in front of the valet parkers? I just expect a little more from a 5 Star Hotel. The front desk, concierge and valet parkers were all polite and courteous.Someone below mentioned service issues. Oh Boy was he right. The beachside grill actually turned us done for lunch our first day because they were short on staff instead of just telling us that the service would take longer OR giving us the choice. Why keep the restaurant open if you are turning guests away! How rude for a 5 Star! We dined at the Plummeria a few times and the food and service was good. The pool service was horrible - there was none. In 8 days, no one even approached us to ask us whether we needed towels, to set up chairs, drinks, food - nothing - seriously! I have never experienced that. I have no problem getting my own towels from the hut, setting up, nor hunting down waiters for drinks - BUT again as I mentioned - this is NOT 5 Star.The cabanas on the beach cost $50/day, $35 half day - they are actually double chaise lounges with a hood over them. the beach is the best part of the Kahala. It is ideal for kids and romance since you avoid the crowds at Waikiki. It was full but never crowded. You can walk out into the ocean for a while with the water up to your waist. There is no corral that makes it difficult. The beach is exclusive and beautiful. There is no walkway for those of you who may be interested in strolling the area on a beach front. you have to take the main road - which is not too bad.The room was just OK - again 3 and a half stars in my opinion. The closet space was absolutely wonderful - 2 closets, 2 chests of drawers etc.....The bed was comfortable, flat screen TV, Internet access (about $15/day extra), bath just OK, no fancy tilework as in most 5 Stars, free newspaper each day, parking was $25/day.......Problem was that the balcony was really slim meaning my toddler could walk out onto it and get caught between the bars and the sliding door, and we could not squeeze in that area to save him! We called the front desk for the first 3 days and spoke to many managers who just passed the buck. We asked to be moved to ANY room with ANY view with a complete lanai so our toddler would not be dangerously stuck if we opened the sliding door. They said they were sold out - ALTHOUGH the internet website showed rooms still available. They would not accomodate us and just left messages for each other to see what they could do. NO ONE ever got back to us. the carpet smelled so bad that I was sneezign constantly and had to get Benadryl from Longs Drugs! I could not open the balcony door! they ignored me. I never request anything. We had an ocean view room and we even said we would settle for a courtyard or mountain view room! That is unacceptable for me. So we spent 8 days with air conditioning, smelly carpet and our balcony door shut in an ocean view room - makes sense doesn't it?Tips: There is a Longs Drugs in the Kahala Mall and quick eats etc.. there very close by. There is also a Safeway not too far away east of the Hotel. There are many restaurants close to the Safeway in Hawaii Kai like Roy's and even a Costco should you need anything.I am sorry to sound so critical. I would not have been so picky if this Hotel was advertised as a 3 Star, but I expect more for those prices. One does not pay $700 plus for a room in exchange for 3 Star treatment. This resort will hopefully be managed by the Four Seasons one day. Its location is beautiful but it needs a major overhaul.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Xlady
<Content>What a Wonderful Resort       Room 805  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SheaG
<Content>Disappointing...major service issues I am surprised by the glowing reviews of this property which in my opinion is not close to a five-star property in any way, shape or form, and thus is grossly overpriced.I was initially booked in a mountain view king. I had requested an early check-in, which I knew was not guaranteed. When we arrived at around 12 noon, no bellman or other staff member was there to greet our cab. We struggled with our luggage to the front desk. At check-in, we were told our room was not ready, but they took our cell number and told us they would call when it was ready. No big deal, we went to lunch on the property, which was actually quite good. Two hours later, not having heard any news, we stopped by and were told that no, our room still wasn't ready. Finally at 3:30pm, 30 minutes after the published check-in time, I asked for an assistant manager. She came out after about 10 minutes with some room keys and a vague and not particularly sincere apology, then she abruptly walked off. We then waited another ten minutes standing around for the bellman to bring our luggage and escort us to our room. A very nice bellman walked us for what seemed forever down a long hallway to our room...overlooking not any mountains, but a room with a lanai overlooking the dolphin lagoon. I gathered this was considered an upgrade, but we had not been asked or even told we were being moved to a different category. The room itself looked very dated except for the bathroom. The carpet was stained, the furniture was old, rust was everywhere. the TV was an old, clunky Sony. I frankly had no interest in overlooking the dolphins as I find the captive dolphin program offensive, but it was the next door neighbors smoking and the smell of smoke in my room that really got my attention. I called down to the front desk who informed me that I had not made a request to be in a non-smoking room. Now, I have stayed in a lot of hotels in my life, and I have never been put in a smoking room or on a smoking floor without being asked if it was OK. I certainly don't consider it the hotel guests responsibility to specify non-smoking in this day and age unless that option is presented at the time of booking (which it was not). At any rate, they agreed, rather huffily, to move me to my original, lower category of room. The Mountain King was a completely renovated and lovely room. Big flat-screen TV, Stearns and Foster bed, brand new furnishings and carpet. It was like a different hotel. This was my downgrade?? This room was definitely the best part of the entire hotel. Fluffy robes, nice product int he bathroom, lovelay mountain view. Sometime between check-in and finally arriving at our room, my s/o's suit jacket went missing. We found it the next day at the check-in desk, the very nice and apologetic staff member saying no one had bothered to put any name on it when they took it from us at check-in.The next day we went down to the beach/pool are. The pool was quite small and occupied and corwded by dozens of kids. We went on the beach which was very crowded (mid-week, off-season), and finally found two unoccupied chairs jammed up in the middle of the beach, which the nice beach staff member moved down the beach to a slightly more open space for us and set up. After about an hour, a large family descended on some chairs next to us, and then began glaring at us and declaring that we had 'stole their chairs'. We corrected them nicely and said we had the chairs brought down from another part of the beach by a staff member. They continued to glare. When a large male member of their party showed up they repeated to him that we had stolen their chairs. He called my s/o a [--] (lovely), and stalked by us, glaring and mumbling in a threatening manner. I went and got a staff member and they called security. Not the hotel's fault, but kind of mirrored the overall problematic nature of the property. Turn-down service consisted of turning on every single light in the room we had so carefully turned off before leaving. No mints, no welcome fruit, no juice. We had to pay $10 an hour for a cabana at the beach. $25 per night even for self-parking. $5 for the in-room small bottle of water. Upon our departure we tried to call for late check-out but no one answered at the front desk. 30 minutes later I reached someone but was put on hold and 10 minutes later disconnected. We finally went down in person and were told that no late check-out was possible, in fact, if we could leave early since the people staying in our room were already waiting, it would be appreciated. Seriously?The bottom line was that there was not a single aspect of service that was five-star about this property. The remodeled rooms have potential, but not without a serious overhaul in the professionalism and attitude and ability of the service staff. I have never paid this much for a hotel room and had such abyssmal service. Nor are the unremodeled rooms worth even half of what is being asked for them. The Halekulani is a vastly superior hotel experience.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>interterra
<Content>An Oasis in Honolulu This hotel, secluded from the hussle and bussle of Waikiki is a sure winner. We were lucky to book a beach front room, which was a delight. The staff was wonderful, the beach side breakfast buffet was great. Over all I don't think we would have enjoyed our stay in Honolulu as much if we would have stayed at any other hotel, including the Halekulani, which we went to for dinner.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnnArborMHT
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed three nights at the Kahala Hotel in Kahala, Oahu, just a few miles away from Waikiki, but a world of difference. The hotel has been around for many years and has changed ownership several times, but has always remained an excellent property. The service was amazing with several employees going the extra mile, like Lynn at the front desk who rounded up my 5 day missing UPS package and forwarded it on to Hilo. Stuart the Sales Director took care of of our every need, including free pepto bismol for an upset stomach to moving a dinner party from the beautiful lawn inside when rain drops started, in just a matter of minutes. His team at the Kahala were caring, concerned and very helpful. For thoses concerned about missing out by not being in Waikiki, no worries, the hotel runs a free shuttle several times a day. The rooms are huge and have the most comfortable beds I have every slept on...and I have slept around! It was a wonderful stay, and I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bear521
<Content>A 2nd amazing vacation at the Kahala! The Kahala again exceeded our expectations in every area. The service is impeccable, the food wonderful, and the overall feel of the resort is beautiful and relaxing. Definitely get the breakfast package if you can. Everything on the buffet is wonderful, though with our extended family of 12, the meals tended to get expensive. By far the most memorable and relaxing hotel I've stayed in. Will go again as soon as I can get my husband to agree to the long flight.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wopal
<Content>Great service...made our honeymoon excellent!!! The service at the Kahala was definitely 5-star. The staff is very friendly and very accommodating. The concierge is very knowledgeable about what the island (Oahu) has to offer and gives very honest advice about certain areas. Although my honey fell ill, they were very accomodating making sure we quickly got a doctor called in to our room, assisting us with meals, etc.The property is very beautiful. We wanted to be close to Waikiki and stay in South Oahu, but without the Waikiki feel, since we didn't want any thing that reminded us of South Beach (being Miami residents). It gave us this exclusive and private feel where we can pick and choose whether we wanted to be around crowds, which is exactly what we were asking for. We noticed some celebrities on the property, not being bothered, and I guess they also chose The Kahala for the same reasons we did. This was an excellent experience.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leianichole
<Content>Absolutely Amazing Resort!!!!!!!!!!!!!       again..  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rach-n-SD
<Content>Beautiful, quiet, and luxurious hotel!!       View from the patio off of the main lobby  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SFRookies
<Content>What's not to Love? If you aren't blown away by this hotel then you really need to stay home because you won't be happy any where. This resort is exceptional in terms of rooms, service and ammenities and the extra touches. Yes it is expensive...very expensive in fact and yes the dining options are silly high priced, but if you go there knowing you will pay alot then you will not be disappointed in your stay. The meals themselves are very well prepared and presented so for the very high cost, you are getting quality delicious meals so if you paid the high price and received poor food and service, then it is a real problem. I recommend a trip to a grocery store to purchase snacks, breakfast items, etc. and keep the fridge stocked and then head into the city if you want to find something less expensive for dinner although Honolulu restaurants aren't much cheaper if you want a quality meal. The service was very good from all levels of the resort staff and the property is absolutely stunning! The dolphins add a wonderful touch for families to view even if you dont want to spend the money to do the actual encounter with them. The beach is beautiful and the Kahala area itself is a very upscale neighbourhood. The complimentary shuttle is a real bonus. No need to do a car rental as they are very dependable and always on time (make advance reservations to guarantee a seat). This way you dont have to worry about crazy Honolulu parking or having an extra dinner drink. The rooms are just beautiful, very simple and classy and spotless with HUGE beautiful bathrooms to enjoy. I can't think of a single reason not to stay here, the only down side was the high food costs but as long as you are prepared, there are alternatives.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>carolc56
<Content>Exquisite Kahala in Hawaii Our stay at the Kahala Resort at Oahu, Hawaii was a vacation to remember! We were greeted by personable staff, presented leis, and escorted to our Dolphin Lanai suite. The well-appointed room overlooked the Dolphin Lagoon, home of the Atlantic Bottlenose Dolphins. The beds were exquisite and I loved the deep soaking tub. The above and beyond amenities and service included bathrobes/slippers, daily newspaper delivery, and nightly turndown service.We ate too much at the Plumeria Beach House's fabulous Sunday Brunch, which featured both American and Pacific cuisine. The Plumeria Beach House has and indoor/outdoor feel with its terrace dining area.Our short stay did not allow us time for the Dolphin Quest experience, but the people we saw interacting with the dolphins seemed to be having a great time. We will save that for our next visit to the Kahala.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkerJournalist
<Content>Nickel and Dimed at the Kahala---needs improvement We stayed at the Kahala for 5 nights in May, after having been at a conference in Waikiki. My husband stayed here a few years ago, when it was a Mandarin. I very much agree with a lot of the previous reviews--that in general it's a pretty property, and the staff is nice, but it is definitely not a 5 star resort and it falls short in a lot of areas. --Reservations people were very friendly and alerted you to the renovations, but we weren't bothered at all by construction noise when we were there. --The front service was great--the bellmen were friendly and welcoming, but then once we got to the front desk, it ended there. It wasn't busy either, but check-in wasn't as good as the front greeting. (we received leis before walking to our room, not as we were checking in) and mid-check in we noticed cold towels on the desk, but it wasn't like, would you like a fresh cold towel? Honestly I wasn't sure if we were supposed to touch them because they just suddenly appeared, and they weren't placed near us (I didn't know if they were for another couple next to us, etc etc) I had requested a crib, and reservations told me that I wouldn't have to ask for it upon check-in, that the crib would already be in the room. Well, it wasn't, and it took another hour for it to arrive. (we had our 4 month old with us) So thus the check-in was a bit disjointed.--Room: My husband remembered the beautiful wood floors and canopy beds when it was a Mandarin, and they have apparently covered over all the wood floors with carpet (?!) He was disappointed when he walked in the room, no wow factor. We asked the concierge and some other staffers and they told us that all rooms now had carpeting. We were informed that our room was finished being renovated in January...and I think the decorating is beautiful--relaxing, soft colors, frette sheets etc---but the room is already looking beaten up! Stains all over the carpet, and on the chairs, marks on the walls, etc. Yikes. (we stayed in a mountain room) The bathroom was nice, but not big. Great toiletries and chenille robes. Also, the weekly events printout in the room for us was for April, um, hello? You know, the daily classes, restaurant info, various hotel happenings etc. I'd understand if it was May 1st, but for the middle of May--again, they should be on their game better than that.--housekeeping: staff very nice, but the coffee area was only cleaned and restocked a couple of times (and then we only got decaf). And one day the robes disappeared. Sounds picky, but for the standard you expect, disappointing. Turn-down service was nothing but folding down the sheets and turning lights down-I left suggestions with the mgmt...like what about laying out the robes, orchid petals on the bed, chocolate, or leaving soft music on the cd player? At comparable hotels we've had some great turn-down service, so this wasn't impressive. And how about a free bottle of water (to the previous poster, no the water wasn't free--I hope you checked your bill!!) At least there was a frige, so that was good, didn't have to ask for it. And there was a charge for the internet-give me a break, for $600 a night, charging for internet on Oahu is a joke. New 40 plasma tv's, so that was great. No DVD player, but apparently they will bring one up to your room.--parking. Valet and self-park is the same price. $25 a day for parking! Ridiculous! --we only ate once at the Plumeria House, it was good but nothing special.--The beach is narrow, but it's a good protected area so it's fine for kids, decent swimming, etc (if you want a GREAT kid-friendly beach go to FS Maui/Fairmont/Grand Wailea) It was just too windy when we were there, so there were not a lot of people at either the pool or beach. The pool area is nice, clean, etc but fairly small. And if you want a beach chair with a shade cover, it will cost you $50!--We're active and always love a good fitness center, but this one could use some improvement. It was often unstaffed. I think they've added new weight machines, so good variety there, but they need new cardio machines. The treadmills, stairmasters, bikes all work, but they're old, sandy, rusty and not cleaned/maintained. And they had one cd on repeat--now that will drive ya nuts (if you're like us and use fitness centers every day) But you could have a good workout, everything worked, and a decent variety of machines, but again, not as nice of a fitness center as you would expect. And fitness classes were all $$ extra. Again, that should be included (unless it's a personal trainer, that's typically extra at properties like this)-Concierge: We didn't use them often, but each time they were very helpful. Again, staffers very friendly...like an earlier poster said the problems at this hotel are not the fault of the staffers, it's mgmt.-We did not play golf, but it looks like a nice course and we heard good things about it.All in all, the staff is nice, it's a beautiful property and a relaxing setting just outside of Waikiki. However, the Kahala needs improvement. We love Maui and Lanai, so I think we'll stick to those islands and their properites. (have yet to go to Kauai/Big Island)  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>agolestani
<Content>HEAVEN IN HAWAII My family and I stayed at the Kahala Hotel and Resort for the first time and for our entire stay of five days, we were pampered like royalty. As soon as we arrived in the driveway we were greeted by name and immediately felt like every one knew us. Mr.Tim Lee the resort manager greeted us personally on arrival and he made sure to say good by to us on our departure. The kahala management should be congratulated for running such Fantastically efficient opeartion and the staff members are some of the most courteous and friendly employees I have ever seen.Kahala resort is located on a private beach in the best part of Honolulu , tucked away from the crowd with it's own Dolphin program, pools, restaurants and sports activities.My son and family had the experince of our life time swimming with the kahala dolphins. We never left the property as everything we needed was available at the hotel.The hotel has great restaurants and service with beautifull rooms and amenities.We will difinitely return to the Kahala soon and recommend it to every one we know.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Particular007
<Content>Fabulous Option, Relatively Speaking Enjoyed the Kahala and, for the area, the best place to stay. We wanted a relaxing resort outside Honolulu. The rooms are freshly renovated and tastefully appointed. The bathroom is perfect for sharing with two large and separate vanity areas. There are no bad views. The public areas are gorgeous, unique and well-maintained. The only problem with my stay was the food. The food is over-priced and of very poor quality. The resort owners have clearly made a decision to provide sub-par (frozen, pre-made, and mostly fried) offerings at extremely high prices. This frustrated me and will limit the resort's ability to be top-tier. While the resort is attractive, exclusive and remote, I am not sure I can return given the poor food options on-site. If you go, plan to eat out and bring in snacks. You can not buy sodas at the sundry shop.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>southgeorgiaporch
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Kahala We spent six nights at the Kahala Hotel and Resort and loved every minute of it. The staff was superb, very friendly and always willing to help with anything. The room was large, the bed was amazing, and the bathroom had two vanities and two closets on opposite ends (so I didn't have to share with my husband). We also enjoyed the location of the hotel, just a few miles from Waikiki Beach. We were away from the crowds but close enough to get into town in just a few minutes. The hotel advertises a shopping shuttle which some other reviews said was non-existent. We rented a car and never tried it (parking was $25 a night). The breakfast was included in our package and although it was more than what we would normally spend every day, the food was very good and we thought it was worth it. We also ate one night at Hokus which was excellent Other than that we ate in town and did not try the other restaurants. We also enjoyed the dolphins and the tropical fish and turtles at the hotel. Some reviewers mentioned that you can get more for your money at other places, and we agree, the Kahala is very expensive and there are not a lot of perks to make up for it. However, it is a beautiful hotel in a good locaion, the staff is friendly, and the rooms are clean and comfortable. We would definitely go back for another stay.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jackiNorthEngland
<Content>nice hotel We recently stayed at the Kahala for 4 nights and were a little unsure on how good the hotel would be after reading a few negative comments but i have to say we were very pleased with the standard of the room and the friendliness of the staff.We had a recently renovated suite with a part ocean view which was very nice but at $1400 per night nothing more than was expected!!! in room dining was ok but not exceptionalThe only negative view is that i am not sure that the dolphin lagoon was large enough to keep 7 dolphins in and this did bother me!! Over all , a nice hotel in a tranquil location.i would stay here again if i could get assurance that the dolphins are happy!!!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>FrequentTraveler024
<Content>Loved the Kahala! We stayed at the Kahala Hotel in February 2008 for 2 nights after spending 2 weeks in Maui. We stayed in a Mountain View room which was beautifuly renovated. We were very pleased with the room and the excellent and friendly service we received from staff . The beach is lovely, well cared for and the setting is delightful. We had breakfast and lunch (seaside restaurant) at the hotel and the food and service were very good. (We went out to dinner both nights with friends so we did not have a chance to try the restaurant.)We particularly liked the Kahala because, while it is a five star resort ,the atmosphere there is casual and welcoming unlike some other 5 star resorts we have stayed in that are snobbish and stuffy. While the Kahala is expensive it does offer an excellent alternative to staying in the midst of crowded Waikiki.We are definitely planning to stay at the Kahala again when we return to Honolulu next February.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>getupgetout
<Content>Pretty setting, but not quite up to expectations The setting is lovely, and the staff could not be nicer. Really. They seem genuinely glad that you're there, not just the fake smile kind. Engaging, friendly, appropriate...just delightful. If I were the management, I'd be proud of them.The welcome lei is a nice touch, as are the cool towels. Rooms are large, as are the bathrooms, so overall the lodging is quite nice.Could be better: The complimentary services aren't what they're cracked up to be. One of the ways we justify paying extra for a hotel is the above and beyond, which includes the extras. Our daughter showed up for the complimentary scuba class, and was told that the outfit had decided not to turn up that day. We were politely given the option to contact the scuba company to determine a time for a class (though I think at some cost), but at that point we would have had to rearrange our day. That kind of inconsistency is not to be expected at a place like the Kahala. Then we were informed that the complimentary surfing class had been changed from an in-the-water class to a land-based class. Hmmm. Surfing on the sand. Complimentary coffee service in the lobby shuts down at 8:30 a.m. You get my drift....the extras you expect when paying for a higher-end hotel just aren't there. It's nice that the fellows in the beach shack will set up your towel for you, but that's not enough. For the money, I can stay elsewhere and probably won't be back...but again, it has nothing to do with the staff. They were excellent. These really seem to be management/profit margin issues.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hoteljunkies
<Content>Excellent quiet location, but overpriced       View from the Dolphin Lanai  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tj90025
<Content>Very Nice Resort If you want to get away from the crowds in Wikiki and have a relaxing resort experience in Honolulu, this is your only option.Room:The room was outstanding. It had just been remodeled, and everything was up to the highest standards. They really do a good job of getting the little details right. Relaxing Hawaiian music played on our in-room stereo when we entered, and we were greeted also with a generous portion of delicious candies and large complementary Fiji waters. The bed is incredibly comfortable. Even though we had booked one of the less expensive courtyard rooms, these rooms still come with large balconies and have ocean views.Beach, Area, Views:The hotel is right on the beach, and it's basically a private beach. There is an upscale residential neighborhood surrounding the hotel so it's pretty well cut-off from public traffic. The beach is soft white sand and it's good for swimming. Water is very shallow for a good distance, and there's a floating dock you can swim to. It was a bit windy on the beach, but not too bad. They have beach service (they will bring you food and drinks). The views are outstanding.Restaurants:We ate at both the signature restaurant and the poolside restaurant. Honestly, neither was very good. If this resort has a weakness, it is the food. It was surprising bad given the way they seem to do everything else right. They really, really need to hire some new chefs and raise their quality level in the kitchen. The service from the wait staff is excellent, the food is just poorly prepared.Pool, Gym:We're not really pool people, but the pool seemed nice enough, if perhaps on the small side. They have the dolphin pool which seemed like it would be fun for kids, but we didn't try it. Felt a little sorry for the dolphins if I'm being totally honest. The gym is excellent-- all brand new equipment and each machine has a TV. They are supposed to give you headphones for the TVs, but when we went, nobody was staffing the gym desk for over an hour and we missed out on the headphones. Definitely minus one point for that. My wife and I tried the yoga class... I would say if you are expecting a yoga class that would compare with what you take at home (we live on the west side of Los Angeles) don't get your hopes up. The class is short, but still moves really slowly and is geared to the lowest common denominator. We didn't so a single warrior pose or vinyasa-- for those of you who know what those terms mean.Overall:If you need to stay in Honolulu, and are not a fan of crowds and skyscrapers, this is the place. If you're looking for a great, relaxing beach resort experience and don't have any special reason to go to Hawaii, skip it and go to Playa Del Carmen in Mexico.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>glasgow07
<Content>Paradise The Kahala was the perfect honeymoon hotel. Everything about the hotel was relaxing from a lovely check in to the staff (everywhere), the room was lovely. It was renovated with absolutely no flaws and the biggest and most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The maid service was exceptional and yes we heard a little bit of renovating noise - once during our stay. The concierge couldn't have been more helpful with our questions and requests. We used the shuttle to waikiki and the shopping centres and found it very reliable with nice drivers. The beach is great, nice and quiet (especially compared to the hustle of waikiki) There are a couple of hammocks just off the beach with a couple of gazebos and lots of loungers and cabanas (we didn't use the cabanas because I objected to paying $50 for what was basically a shade). The pool is small but there really isn't a need for a large pool when the beach is on your doorstep. The loungers at the pool are even more comfortable than the beach ones. There are staff there to give you towels and lounger covers as well as getting you drinks from the bar (never any need to wait). The only down side to the pool was that there were a few kids there.We ate at the Plumeria beach house and the food was lovely, (big portions). I think the only down side to the hotel is the price of the food and drink which is expensive although really lovely. I cannot recommend and praise the Kahala and it's staff enough - they made our honeymoon perfect and it was a joy to vist - it really was paradise.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enr12
<Content>Great Hotel in Honolulu This has been one of our best stop over location to over come jet lag, from a long flight back from the Orient. It was starting to get a little tired over the years, however the recent renovations has brought it up to its 5 star rating. The flat screen TV, together with the decor of the room is beautiful. The only wish we had was that the beds were a little too soft, and the old ones were better.The food could be improved, and the parking fees keep going up to over $23 a day for parking, plus valet tips.The breakfast buffet could serve some meats that are not pork, and the sunday brunch at $45 was a little high for the quality. The prime rib was dry and tough. The pool water was warm and very pleasant, however it was a typical pool, with no water slides etc.Overall it is a great place to relax in and only 20 minutes from the fun of Ala Moana shopping center with the grand opening of Nordstroms in early March.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wmmorgan11
<Content>Sad about the Kahala As a returning guest of the Kahala of 10 years, I must say it's quite sad to see it go from my opinion from a 5 star hotel down to a 3 star.. Since the Mandarin group sold this property the quality of service has gone done quite a bit. Checking in was great, my partner and I recieved an upgraded room for our honeymoon, complete with champagne. However the empty glasses stayed in the same spot for 3 days. For maid service twice a day, only thing we noticed was that the bed was made, and fresh towels were brought. Service at the Veranda...., well, we were ignored for over 20 minutes before finally asking for a drink. I know everyone is on Hawaii time, but come on! To make the stay even more enjoyable, we were asked to leave Hoku's bar! Yes, returning from dinner in Waikiki, we stopped by Hoku's bar to order a night cap from the bar, upon immediate arrival from the manager, telling us we would be more comfortable ordering drinks from downstairs. Why? I asked. Turns out we were not dressed appropriately. Apparently my silk Tommy Bahama dress shorts and shirt were not in conjuction with their strict dress code. Who brings dress shirts/pants/tie to Hawaii when they vacation? I spoke with the manager for over 30 minutes inside the hotel. Nothing was done to rectify the situation. Not that we were looking for freebies, but come on, to deny a paying guest staying at your expensive hotel property? Our problem was that before staying at the kahala, we were at the four seasons on the big island where they do know about guest satisfaction. So having said that, if you normally stay at 3 star hotels, you will be happy at the kahala, but if you like the ritzy 4-5 star hotels, the Kahala might not be what you are looking for. Perhaps the Royal Hawaiian instead. I hope the Kahala improves and works on this as the quality of service and ammenities keeps sliding down year after year. Very sad, as I once loved this hotel property.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	5	2	3	

<Author>aspenannie
<Content>Heaven on Earth We left the Moana Surfrider after a crazy, noisy night to arrive at the fabulous Kahala for a restful, fabulous stay! We have stayed for years at the Hapuna Prince on Hawaii, but the Kahala will be our new Hawaii getaway. Where to start at this perfect spot? Our ocean front room on the 7th floor offered a beautiful view of this coast and the property. You'll sink into a deep sleep after relaxing to the sound of the in -room CD featuring Hawaiian slack key music. The deep pillow top mattress guarantees a great night sleep. The room furnishings are a nice mix of contemporary style with classic island architecture. Great in-room coffee, cozy robes - they have every detail covered. The dolphin experience was incredible and even if you don't do it, you'll pass hours just watching these amazing creatures. The pool is on the small side and a bit over-heated - not a bad problem, eh? Loved the cushioned pool and beach chairs - no signing in for towels as if you'll be charged if you don't bring them back - a nice touch of respect compared to other beach resorts. The service at this hotel is impeccable. No one ever says no. We loved at the contrast between this property and Paris where the favorite saying seems to be this is not possible. Great concierge - very friendly and we enjoyed the dinner recommendations. Printed car directions to the restaurants was a nice touch. The food was very good - breakfast seemed expensive, lunches were very good, dinner at Hoku's didn't live up to our expectations. Did not use the spa. Wished I would have brought some dressier outfits, but never was treated any different even though we were very casual.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>surf4fun
<Content>Top Notch in every way!!! We stayed at the Kahala Resort for five nights. Our room was very comfortable and clean and the resort is very nice. There is construction on some upper floors and a couple of times we could hear the saws and others noises from the pool area. The setting was so nice it was easy to over look. The staff were friendly and helpful. The food is a bit overpriced. We ate more in Waikiki just a short drive away. It was fun to see the dolphins in the lagoon. The beach is good for wading and cooling off, but not for snorkling or surfing. We had a great vacation. Ask for the garden rooms.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachgoer19
<Content>THey try hard, not quite there yet. Let me start by saying this hotel is a very nice property. Stayed 5 nights in beginning of February 2008. Stayed in the diamond head wing, mountain view room with lanai ($500 night). This room had been renovated already. Renovations are progressing nicely and appear to be in their late stages, my guess would be in the next few months they will be completed based on what I heard, read, and saw. Renovation noise is not a big problem, however during they day you can hear some of it if you are in your room. Overall the renovations are good, however I do agree with several other reviewers that they skimped on certain things. It is obvious. Things like old chipped ceramic floor in bathroom, old cabinets not replaced, old bathtub. The staff overall is friendly and will try to help you when they can. They WANT to get their Mobil five star rating back (ps-they recently lost it). In order to do so they are going to have to go the extra 3/4 of a mile. Things like, no one at the bell stand on numerous occassions to get your car. No one answering the phone at the front desk. The food is average, definitely not worth it if you are on a budget. Breakfast buffet for two with tip about $80. Would I stay again - probably. It is expensive. The beach is nice. One of the biggest good points is that this hotel is away from the touristy Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nitroae23
<Content>Nice Anniversary My wife of twenty years and I spent four days at the Kahala before going to Lanai,everything but the weather cooperated,bit cool and wet,service was first class,food was good,but not outstanding,recieved excellent local must do advice from the professional staff,props to Anji and Danny,beach is good,water OK,pool is kiddyland most of the time,but what kid doesn't love a pool,Dolphinquest was good,but $500 for 45 minutes of anything is excessive!Would recommend this hotel if you aren't on a budget and don't want to be around the energy/noise of Waikiki  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4familySanFrancisco
<Content>Special Hotel, our favorite on this Island We stayed at the Kahala after a ten year absence from this lovely property. This is still the best hotel in honolulu. We were a bit concerned based on the reviews and although we stayed in a room that wasn't renovated yet (dolphin lagoon rooms) we still loved our stay. I have read through all the reviews lately and I think one has to keep in mind that this hotel is on Oahu and it hands down still the best hotel. All the rooms are a spacious 540 square feet. Honestly even the least expensive room would be a junior suite in many of the other hotels. The grounds are still incredible and the beach is a fabulous swimming beach with a safe area for children. It's true, as I have read in other reviews that you have to pay for an umbrella or a cabana but go to waikiki and you will pay as well. All of the beaches in honolulu are open to the locals and the locals (very upscale locals) do come to this hotel on the weekends. It's the law - the beaches are public. The hotel charges locals and hotel guests the same and I am not sure there is an easy way around it because the beaches are public. The actual space this property occupies rivals any beach location any where. It's nothing short of fabulous. The beach (even when the hotel is fully occupied and you have locals visiting) feels spacious. When you go to Waikiki it's like being in Las Vegas with a beach - thousands of people and no place to walk. The food is perhaps not as fabulous as our memory in years past but it's good. You would do better to order the simple dishes. They also lack a strong children's menu (the Halekalani has this down) but the hotel worked with us during our stay and was willing to modify things. After being charged $20 for a warm glass of milk for our three year old with tax and tip we persuaded them to give us a microwave for the room. We found the hotel as accommodating as a Ritz or a Four Seasons on this visit and the staff tries hard. We stayed in the Dolphin Lagoon Rooms as I mentioned and this property has a very special Dolphin Encounter program. Others have mentioned noise and we didn't find that to be the case and the hotel was very booked. We highly suggest if you have children 10 and under consider booking in this special wing. You walk outside your spacious room to a balcony (second floor) or lanai and 3 feet away are the happiest dolphins you have ever seen that provide non stop entertainment. It's very special and really worth doing as a learning experience for children. We also enjoyed the entertainment in the hotel - there is always an amazing pianist and often a great singer in the bar/lounge area - the restaurant had dancers and it's just a delightful way to really get away. We had skipped the past ten years with this hotel as it switched management but used to come often. We will come again. It's still one of our favorites. If you are going to visit honolulu this is the place to stay. We loved that we saw people of all ages, all nationalities - single, married, with children and it seemed as if everyone was happy. We didn't see people upset with the property - just relaxing. This hotel always leaves wonderful memories. Our 3 year old calls it his hotel and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leungv
<Content>So close to 5 stars, but not quite there yet I really wanted to give the Kahala five stars. In many respects, they are definitely a 5 star hotel: impeccable service, great food, beautiful decor, and secluded yet accessible location. However, the details are what makes a 5 star hotel, and here's where I think they fell short:-The Kahala recently went through a massive renovation, and it definitely shows. The rooms have brand new furniture, paint, and even custom-designed Frette linens. The bed was heavenly, and the design was beautiful, but they skimped on the things that were much too obvious -- like the toilet. Our toilet was old (think 10-15 years), with visible chips on the seat, and a sad, yellowing shade. They also did not replace the fixtures in the shower or the bathtub, which I think made the otherwise renovated bathroom look incomplete. They didn't replace some of the old cabinetry in the closets (which are located inside the giant bathrooms), which again, took away from the beauty of the renovations.-The pool / beach amenities: when I think of 5-star resorts in Hawaii, I think of places like the Four Seasons Maui, where cabanas are free and plentiful, and the pool staff are attentive and available. At the Kahala, there was a fee to rent not only the cabanas but even the umbrellas if you wanted to use them on the beach. They did not have wait staff that regularly circled the pool and beach areas, so if you wanted something, you had to go get it yourself from the bar. Other nice-to-have freebies such as cold towels, or snacks were definitely not available either. All water equipment required rental fees, and their free resort activities were not available on weekends.That said, I think the Kahala is still a fantastic hotel, and I would definitely stay there again if I was staying in Oahu. The amazingly comfortable bed and linens alone, are enough of a reason to return!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wt23
<Content>We extended our stay...       The beach at the Kahala  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lucas21
<Content>sad decline We recently returned to The Kahala and were disappointed to see further decline in this once great resort. We have been visiting the hotel at least annualy ( sometimes more often) over the last ten years and, with a family of young children, we have many happy memories of great service and friendly staff and delightful,if somewhat aging facilities. Unfortunately, we have noticed that since changing ownership and management there has been a steady decline in facilities,service and atmosphere. From the menus, to the rooms and even the fish/turtle pool the difference has been marked in the last two years.Rumours abound about the management stripping and flipping the hotel and this anxiety seems to have filtered down to the service and prices as everyone is squeezed. That countrywide loan the owners took out must be really hurting! The aging surroundings and rooms could be forgiven under the previous superb management but even Adam Sandler will tire of this rip off, so call for the bulldozer or sell it someone who will restore it to the great resort it once was . The AAA finally lost patience and downgraded the Kahala from its five star rating recently- the only resort in Hawaii to have this rerating.I used to recommend this hotel to friends but sadly, I now think there are better options. .  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	4	2	

<Author>Sursf
<Content>A Piece of Heaven Total heaven. we stayed for 3night...we could have stayed forever. cant reccommend the hotel highly enough....food, service, everything was 110% wonderful.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelinbug08
<Content>What an amazing stay we had! I cannot say enough great things about the Kahala Mandarin. My husband and I had an amazing time. We stayed in a newly renovated room and when we first entered I was open mouthed. The light colors keep the tropical feel without making you feel like you're in Florida. I love the warm greeting (chocolate and Fiji water, thank you!) and the staff went above and beyond at every turn. I can't possibly imagine why someone would be disappointed here. The bathrooms where gigantic, the LCD TVs a great addition and the beach is stunning. They also have a free shuttle to Waikiki so if you don't have a rental car but want to go into the city for shopping and dinner they make getting around really easy. The food at the hotel is incredibly expensive, although not a complaint it's a little on the exotic side it would be great if there were a few additions for those with a simpler palate but other than that I wish I could move in could my wallet afford it. The dolphin pool was a great bonus too. I highly, highly recommend the Kahala Mandarin!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sm122097
<Content>Wish I was back We just got back from a fabulous 5 day stay at the Kahala. We absolutely loved it and would go back any time.Check in was a breeze and we were greated by friendly workers and a lai (yes, I know it is Hawaii but have been to many fine resorts where that was not done).We had an ocean view room and loved it. From our Lanai, we had a great view of the pool area, the dolphins ( I loved watching them swim at all hours), the beach and Diamond Head. I undrstand that some ocean view rooms face the ocean via the car park, so make sure you do not get it.The room itself was perfect. A large, comforable bed, enough lights and chairs, very nice size and a large flat screen tv (probably 42 inches) that rotated to face the bed. Bathroom was spectacular. There was both a shower stall and a tub and the toilet was in a little room (slightly clostrophobic). It had 2 speare vanity/sink areas, so no fighting with the wife for space.The staff was what you would expect. Many of the people remembered our names after the first day. There was an issue over breakfast. Our package said it was included but the htoel had no record of it. Even though it was not included in what the hotel sold our travel broker, it was included anyway (they also honored the incorrect activity fee amount included with our voucher). The pool staft was very helpful in setting upi the chairs and would change the towels after the rain showers.The pool area was okay, but I think the dolphins had a nicer area. I do not normally like to stay on the beach, but I did here and loved it. There were chairs and they were not packed too close together. Also, there is bar and food service on the beach, but you had to go to the end of the beach to pick up your drink (Honolulu law does not allow service of alcoholic beverages on the beach). There were free ices in the afternoon.The buffer breakfast was ok. It could ahve used some more choices and more variety each day. I would not have paid for it had it not been included.As to the location, this was our first time staying outside Waikiki. It was not to far for restaurants and taxis were not that expensive.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyHello
<Content>5 star lobby but 3-star rooms We were seduced by the photos and descriptions on Kahala website and chose to stay at a dolphin lagoon room. We were disappointed. The room was of 3-star standard at best and although spacious, does not deserve the rate of about $600 (including taxes) per night. The most annoying aspect is the noise from the upper floor room (and may be the neighboring rooms). It was not just foot steps but the roar of flashing of toilet (the noise is similar to the sucking sound of flashing toilet on air planes) and sound of water hitting the floor in the showers early morning and late at night. When I gave my feedback at check-out, I was told the management knew some of the rooms had noise problem. When I said that they should have informed potential guests, I was told that there was nothing they could do and I chose to stay in a ground floor room. Meaning, it was my choice and hence I should bear with the noise from other rooms.If you plan to stay at a dolphin lagoon room, be warned of the noise, ask for a room roughly mid way from the lobby on the Upper Floor but away from the tower block (under renovation), some of these rooms have ocean views too. But note that Upper Floor rooms are 'smoking rooms'. Overall service was polite and food quality was fair, not outstanding. The positive aspects were the Spa treatment and Dolphin Quests. My kids had a great half an hour learning and interacting with the dolphins as a Christmas treat.We will not consider the Kahala again. It was supposed to the highlight of our vocation before we 'down grade' to Hilton. How wrong we were. We left feeling 'ripped off' and stressed.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>DreamCrazy
<Content>Can't wait to go back! The Kahala Resort is beautiful and romantic.....would go back in a heartbeat.The only negative thing I have to say is that I was there for work ~ so I was not be able to enjoy it like I would have wanted to!!Looking forward to returning for vacation and it would make a GREAT place to spend a honeymoon.For more details and pictures visit my blog!http://www.specktravel.blogspot.comAnd feel free to contact me with any questions!Mahalo  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OCTravelAgent
<Content>Simply peerless service... and the renovation is looking good! I spent a full week at this outstanding resort with my family - including 2 kids under the age of 5. I had last stayed here 8 years ago - when it still flew the Mandarin Oriental flag - and was curious as to how the renovation had changed the hotel. We had 2 rooms ?one renovated and one not.First off, I like to compliment the service, which was simply outstanding. All requests ?whether they were for extra towels in the bedroom to something off the menu in the restaurants ?were accommodated without question or delay. The staff was friendly and used our names whenever possible. I big on service and this resort has obviously made it a point to be outstanding in that area.As for the renovations, they continue apace. As of the first week in December, they were working primarily on the guest rooms in the tower on floors 6-8, with most rooms below completed and all above (on floors 9 and 10) still to be started. Also, the lagoon rooms have not yet been started. They expect to have everything done by the end of March.In the meantime, noise during the day is an issue. Naps are a challenge, though we did get our 2 year-old down without too much fuss. If you are a light sleeper and like your afternoon doze during your holiday, beware of this if you will be visiting in the next several months.Having addressed that, the work that they did on the rooms is beautiful. Even though the resort opened in the mid-60s, its rooms (at 550 square feet) are among the largest on the island. With the renovation, theye mounted 40-inch LCD TVs to the wall, which has allowed them to remove the armoires and make the room even more spacious. The theme has moved from the Asian-influenced mahogany to a more tropical feel. More space is devoted to the bathrooms than in other resorts, and the result are separate his and hers areas (independent sinks and closets) with *plenty* of storage room.Of course, given the recent nature of the renovations, everything feels new and is in excellent working order.Tip: If you have an oceanview room in the tower, ask for the Koko Head wing, which is a bit closer to the water and doesn look over the (sometimes busy) porte cochere, which is the case with the Diamond Head wing. If you have a mountainview room, ask for an upper floor (once renovations have been completed, of course).I feel this resort rivals the Halekulani and the JW Marriott Ihilani as the best on Oahu. As such, it can be pricey ?but the quality of the resort, its service and restaurants plus its location provide value nonetheless.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>quiltchic
<Content>Honeymooners       Kahala from the West - breakfast in under those white tent things  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrCeeLondon_UK
<Content>Loved this hotel, a fantastic stay I have stayed in many luxury hotels across the world however none had better service than the Kahala. The reviews on this site seem to really put this hotel down and I cannot see any reason why. My only complaint would be that the food could be better! Hotel room, facilities were fantastic!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hattjess
<Content>An Amazing Honeymoon       The Majestic Lady  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robbiek42
<Content>Non-existent service at Kahala Hotel This hotel has gone so far downhill since Mandarin left, it's a crying shame. Such a beautiful location which is the absolutely only reason they can charge so much. It was literally the worst service we had during our entire 3 island tour in Sept. 2007. We stayed in medium range hotels in Kauai and Maui, just so at Oahu we could step it up and stay in a supposed 4-star. We had FAR BETTER SERVICE in both the 3-star hotels on the other islands. It was no comparison. The Kahala was a disaster... don't even consider it!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chele1985
<Content>Fabulous Resort This was the perfect hotel for myself and my neice to celebrate our birthdays. It was absolutly beautiful and the employees there were extremely nice and very helpful when asked a question. If I ever go back to Hawaii- this would be were I will stay again. They do everything for you, take your bags out of the taxi, take them to your room for you- they even gave us a $200 credit to spend there at their resort which we were expecting to pay for when we checked out, and we didn't have to pay for anything we charged to our room, it was basically free money to be spent how we wanted there at the resort, for food, drinks, etc. There are 2 or 3 things that it can not be used for- but 200.00 free money is free money!!! This by far is the nicest resort I have ever stayed at and would recommend it to anyone thinking about visiting Oahu. They are off the beaten path so there is no crowds, lines- any of that hectic stuff you get at other beaches there. It is all so laid back and the perfect place to stay if you are looking for a great RR vacation. They even give you a lei and a cool peppermint scented washcloth when you arrive. A true pleasure to be able to stay at such an awesome resort!!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frogprince
<Content>Promising Improvements My husband and I spent four nights at the Kahala in mid October 2007. We had a remodeled room and we were pleased by the improvements (flat screen TV, new beds/bedding, carpeting, desk, drapes and upholstered furniture). Only the bathroom was the same. We felt the decorators had done a good job of updating the look/feel of the room without sacrificing what we loved about the old Kahala. We didn't experience any problems with the level of service and in fact felt that the welcome when we first arrived was much more sincere and warmer than before. The only really irksome thing: when we asked for a double latte at breakfast the charge was $6.00 or so for the latte and $5.50 for the additional shot of espresso. What a joke! Similarly a Kir Royale one evening came in at $16.00 and the champagne glass was only 1/2 full. In our view this is penny wise and pound foolish. It may result in increased revenue short-term but in the end it leaves a very bad impression in the guest's mind. Hopefully the management at the Kahala will see the light and start to give some decent value for the dollar in these areas.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>joy_1024
<Content>Unforgettable honeymoon Before deciding where my fianc (at that time)  I should stay in Oahu, we researched reviews posted on here. Reviews had mixed thoughts on the Kahala, a lot negative. Thank goodness we kept with our gut feeling  proceeded w/ reservations. Upon reading the new reviews, it has got me wondering if people who wrote some of the reviews are employees of competing hotels in Oahu, or just people who expect too much  are never happy anyways.I am in my mid-twenties, and my husband is in his late twenties. We love to splurge on our trips, and we never hold back when it comes to making ourselves comfortable. We are also generous w/ compensating for services provided to us. My husband  I spent 1 week at the Kahala from September 9/07-September 16/07. We heard good things right away when the shuttle took us to the Resort. We had originally booked for an Ocean Lanai View because it was mentioned in numerous reviews how breath taking the view is. However, upon check-in, we were instantly upgraded to an Ocean Lanai Suite; the bonus was that it was a corner suite! Check-in went smoothly, once we entered the room, it was absolutely luxurious! Complimentary Champaign was being chilled; the temperature in the room was absolutely comfortable. Room amenities were generous, and there were enough towels in the 2 bathrooms for 6-8 people. The bed was a king bed ?extremely comfortable (I so missing that bed!). From the balcony was a gorgeous view. To the left was the Diamond Head  to the right, was Koko Head. Below, we were able to watch people swim with the dolphins, and the ocean view was beautiful! Because our room had the view it did, we had no desire to swim in the pool or go to the beach. What we loved most about the Resort was the staff. House keeping, Concierge, and Valet were excellent. House keeping was extremely thoughtful enough to even organize our clothing when we left them unfolded on the bed. They made sure that twice a day, fresh ice was replaced for us, for both rooms of the suite, and room amenities were replenished daily along w/ fresh towels. We left tips every day for our House keeping staff, only b/c they provided us with such excellent service. Concierge service was absolutely reliable  friendly. We loved the concierge service. They assisted us w/ deciding which tours we should do, which malls to visit,  provided us w/ clear directions to various places. They even made dinner reservations for us at Roy (a must to dine!). Valet was efficient  always willing to help us w/ our bags. The staff is absolutely courteous  friendly. On our last night at the Kahala, my husband  I had a private dinner for 2 booked in our room. We were late coming in as the sunset sail ran longer than expected. Though we were about 20 mins late, the food was set up in our room, and we received a phone call from my husband cell to confirm dinner was in deed that night and to make sure we were safe since the dinner was scheduled for that night ?like I said, wonderful service. The food was excellent. No matter what we ordered for room service, it was gourmet. Breakfast was delicious. We never missed the breakfast buffet. The hotel also provides a shuttle to Waikiki, absolutely convenient! What my husband  I appreciated most about the Kahala was the fact it was secluded and the staff does in deed trouble themselves in referring to you by name. We enjoyed the peacefulness, unlike the busy crowd in Waikiki. We were in luxurious ease here at the Kahala. We were pampered throughout out our stay  intend on returning. If you have any questions, please e-mail. I do believe that people tend to mention more terrible things than what actually happened. I was impressed w/ our stay here and do recommend The Kahala!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pkk20
<Content>Cut back in Quality I live here on Oahu and have enjoyed many a fine buffet and tea at the Kahala over the years. Since the new management took over I have noticed a reduction in quality of the offerings. Although the staff remains wonderful and friendly, the quality of the food has gone down and the offerings have been trimmed. My sense is the local community is also disappointed that the buffets hours have been cut back-- I certainly visit the Kahala less frequently now. Finally, I brought some visiting friends to enjoy the high tea. Unfortunately, the sandwiches and cakes were not up to par with the gloried past; I will not bring guests again for that service. I have heard it rumored that the new owners are out to flip the hotel. Shame on them.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>n0mad4ever
<Content>Bad service We (4 adults, 2 preschoolers, 3 generations) splurged on one of their most expensive suites, the Governor's Suite, at $3,500 per night (same price as the presidential suite), and expected to be treated like royalty, but were utterly disappointed. Each morning we asked for 6 towels and 6 bottles of water when calling the valet for our rental car. First day they said their water shipment hadn't arrived yet, and only provided the towels. Fine. Second day, again no water and no towels, and no explanation. Third time, they provided 2 towels and 2 bottles, and said that's the maximum the hotel allows per car. But come on, we have 6 people and they expect us to share 2 towels and 2 bottles of water on the beach? So for 3 days in a row we had to either run back to our suite to take the towels, or drive around to buy water before heading to different beaches. This is the service we got for paying almost $15,000 for four nights! Compare this with Four Seasons on Maui, where the valet would fill our car with bottled waters without us even asking, even when we were just staying at their standard rooms. We called the hotel manager to complain before checking out, expecting them to somehow compensate us for our bad experience. But only got empty, half-hearted apologies. Worst luxury hotel service I've ever experienced.To be fair, the suite itself was spacious and gorgeous. It's the size of three smalled suites combined. The view was great, if you can expunge the parking garage roof from your peripheral vision. And our kids loved swimming with dolphins, and still keep asking to go back to Hawaii.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	3	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>sclev99
<Content>Beautiful Resort, but not 5-Star in all aspects. My wife and I stayed in a Dolphin Lanai room for 4 days/3 nights. The Good: The view was incredible, we were so close to the dolphins off our patio we could literally stand 3 feet from them and the rooms were very tastefully done. The grounds of the resort are impeccable. The beach is secluded and relaxing and the wait staff is outstanding and personable. The restaurants are all top notch and the front desk staff is among the best. The Dolphin Quest group are great!The Bad: The pool is very congested. The room we stayed in was not very clean at all. The rug was stained with 2 different colors that suggest food and possibly red wine. Under the couch were old potato chips, scrap paper and other bits of food. There is no skirt on the couch, so all are visible without searching. The floor lamp did not work. Turndown service was erratic, one night showing up at 5:30pm, the next night at 9:30 and the last night not showing up at all. Don't get me wrong, this IS a fantastic resort and I highly recommend it, but for a 5 star resort and the 5 star resort price, you should not have dirty rooms with food on the floor and turndown service that doesn't show up, especially when you need a breakfast card for the following morning.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sophia28
<Content>Loved this hotel! We stayed at the Kahala for six nights in August of 2007. We were there for our wedding (not at the resort itself) and our honeymoon. The service was some of the best service we've recieved at hotel (and we've done quite a bit of traveling in nice hotels). When we arrived our room wasn't ready and were asked to wait a bit, it ended up being about an hour. For this wait they offered us a complimentary dinner at one of their restaurants. We thought this was a great way to make up for us having to sit in the lobby for an hour :) When we got to our room we also had a bottle of chilled champagne waiting for us for being on our honeymoon. So thoughtful!From the first day on they make it a point to remember your name and actually call you by it the entire trip. Their valet service is wonderful, so friendly and helpful and extremely fast. We ate dinner at all of their restaurants and would recommend ALL of them. Hokus has fantastic food and our servers (Tony and Lisa) were so knowledgeable and so nice. The Kahala is being renovated right now so some of the rooms are done and some are not. We stayed in a room that hadn't been done yet but we didn't think it was bad at all. Of course if you look closely you'll see that it does need an update but it wasn't anything to complain about. WIth the service they provide it doesn't matter!! We had an Ocean Lanai room and we loved it. They have the room set up so that when you're laying in bed you can see the ocean and the beautiful view perfectly!The hotel is about 10 minutes outside of busy Waikiki so it makes it nice to not be in the city, but not be far away at all.The Kahala provides service like it should be. They truly make you feel like they value you as a guest. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Veronica720
<Content>Worst Place To Stay Ever!!!!!! My 6 year old daughter was bitten on the arm by the equivalent of a brown recluse spider when we stayed at this hotel. We were supposedly upgraded to a beachfront room because the dolphin lagoon rooms that we booked were not avaiable. Well, the beachfront room had a strong sewage smell coming from a drain pipe just outside the sliding door. And when we lifed the carpet under the beds, there were hardwood slats of wood barely covering the dirt and beachy ground. There obviously had been a leakage problem that the hotel covered up. The first night there, my daughter woke with a definite bite on her arm. The following day, the area blistered to cover her entire forearm. Then the blister broke and oozed for two entire days - she had to be closely monitored for an anaphylactic reaction as she had a cellulitis spreading up her arm (red line).. My husband and I are both physicians and we had never seen anything like it. We reported the incident to the hotel - who agreed to a comp night and then TOOK BACK the offer when we checked out!!!!!!! The management did absolutely nothing for us!!!! The sad thing is that they didn't even inquire into the health of our child during our dealings. What kind of 5 star resort is this??? DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!! IT IS DIRTY, FILTHY, AND THE SERVICE IS ABOMINABLE!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Virginianative
<Content>Excellent location This is a place where you can really feel welcome. The staff is just courteous and attentive. We had a great time. Their swim with a dolphin is something to remember. For me, the whole experience is just something to remember for the rest of my life.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ENTMAN
<Content>nice but not 5 stars and not worth the price my wife and 2 year old stayed for 6 nights. lovely beach and nice heated pool. Saw Tony soprano there and apparently the prince of monaco was also there at the same time. We are not overly picky people but certainly for the price we paid we expected better even from a 1 or 2 star hotel. The cons are as follows:1) ongoing construction noise from noon to 5 pm, this can be heard in the rooms and around the pool and beach areas, it was absolutely BRUTAL. Forget letting the young ones have an afternoon nap. After complaining they promptly sent us to an ocean front room on a higher floor where the noise was slightly less appreciable. Seriously though, I've stayed at 60 dollar a night hotels in mexico that didn't have this degree of freaking distraction.2) the rooms are tird in appearance needs updating, hence the noise but give me a break shut down the hotel for a few weeks. Did they want to get Whacked by Tony Soprano.Anyhow, we then progressed to Turtle bay resort for 6 nights which was awesome and only at half the price. Anyways, stay at the Kahala if you are deaf or want to spot celebrities and have nothing better to spend your money on. I would not go there again simply because of their screwed up philosophy of service with the choice to disturb guests that pay a handsome sum to stay there. Also at breakfast they did not wash the grapes properly and after taking a few bites I noticed a bunch of lovely spider webs in the cluster, good thing I am arachnophobic. Come on even Wendy's washes their salads.I've stayed at the Westin in Maui, Fairmont Orchid on the Big Island, Turtle bay on the north shore, Kahala was the worst of the bunch of premium hotels.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	1	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>BedHead555
<Content>Perfect honeymoon spot--almost flawless hotel My wife and I stayed at Kahala for the last night of our honeymoon trip to Hawaii (we wish we had stayed there longer)--From the minute we arrived, we fell in love with the place. The rooms are fantastic( and set to be renovated I heard)--the staff is beyond friendly--so helpful, knowledgable and genuine...front desk staff, concierge, all of the restaurant personnel--all fantastic!!! The beach is practically private (although beaches in hawaii are all public I think) but we really felt like we had the place to ourselves--we stayed in a beachfront deluxe room--bathroom was huge, bed was extremely comfortable--room service and restaurant food was delightful!! The place also feels like a nature preserve! First of all, the Dolphin Quest experience is unbelievable--we did not have time to actually interract with the Dolphins (it is quite expensive but i think probably well worth it) but you can stand around the lagoon and watch the six dolphins, two sea turtles and hundreds of incredible, beautiful tropical fish!!!.....we could have spent the whole day there. This hotel is absolutely fantastic!! We cant wait to go back--very peaceful place.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dmanders77
<Content>OK but not great My experience was just barely five star. Pros1. I had an ocean view room with a fantastic view. 2. Large lanai.3. Relatively peaceful location (ie not Waikiki).Cons1. Noise both from ongoing renovations on the property and also from the pool area. 2. Arrived to find a rollaway bed in room -something I had not asked for. Had to call three times to get it removed. 3. Valet parking can get busy.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>horns72
<Content>Only place to stay on Oahu My family (ages 13,12,9) just returned from an outstanding 1 week stay at the Kahala. It was outstanding in all respects. We'll hopefully be coming back very soon.A bit of history - wanting to visit Pearl Harbor and other Oahu sights, I booked a room at the Hyatt on Wakiki. Even having lived on Kauai for 2 years, I didn't recalled my brief visits to Oahu that Wakiki was hawaiian for ZOO. The Hyatt itself was very nice, clean, very helpful staff. But everytime I walked out I wondered what was I thinking?. If I just had to be on Wakiki - the Moana Surf Rider across the street was beautiful and at least had some roped off beach area for guests only.So we drove out the Marriott (both the time-share and J.W.). This would be my 2nd choice, but it's a long way away and didn't seem to be much else around. But a beautiful facility, nothing like theKahala, but very family friendly and the lagoons are indeed unique.Back to the Kahala -- I went to the Kahala and from the moment I drove up I thought 'now this is more like it'. While only about a 15-20 minute drive from Wakiki, it was a 1000 miles away it seemed. It is an absolutely beautiful hotel at the end of the road. Very private. (while all beaches in Hawaii are 'public', the location of this beautiful beach that the hotel fronts had only hotel guests). The staff was outstanding, wonderful swimming beach with swim platform (the beach is sheltered by an offshore reef), especially the Plumeria Restaurant was outstanding (the other 'signature' restaurant was very nice but for the money I've had better -- try the original Roy's which is about 15mins. away). While we didn't do the Dolphin experience (Dolphin Quest is on site) - we certainly enjoyed watching the others interact.I have never been an Oahu fan. My family has lived in Kauai for 2 years and been many times to Maui (Grand Wailea, Kei Lani and Hyatt on Kannapali) and Big Island (Kona Village and Hilton Waikaloa) -- We all agreed that the Kahala was our favorite. No, it's doesn't have the large elaborate pools w/slides and water falls -- but the charm, location, staff attentiveness, beach, private feeling nature, etc.. was what to us a Hawaiian vacation was all about.By the way -- this was the end of a 3 week vacation where we stayed again at the Hilton Waikola on Big Island(too large and the cute little boats get really old after a while) and Grand Wailea on Maui (spectular loby, and a really beautiful hotel. But too big and just too many people lining up at 7am each morning to get shade chairs around the pools (which I admit my children loved -- but tired of after a while).p.s. the Kahala has speicials , and even their standard rooms, make it very competitive with Wakiki hotels. GO! You won't be disappointed. I've checked ok to contact if you want more discussion. /ap  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ortega
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We stayed for 2 nights, and loved the hotel. The staff is wonderful and the grounds take your breath away. We got a renovated room which was nicely appointed, although there still was a lot of dry wall dust in the restrooms. That is the only reason for the lower rating.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kimmybob
<Content>One of The Best Hotels I've Stayed At! This hotel is amazing. The grounds are beautiful, the beach is wonderful and peaceful and the staff couldn't have been better. The service from the front desk, to the valet, to the restaurant staff was exceptional. We had a garden view room which was very large and spacious. The decor of the room was great and the size of the bathroom was huge. There was also a nice patio area which actually had a great view of the ocean. We will definitely be coming back here on our next trip to Oahu and we highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pml
<Content>Perfect Resort My family of four (two boys ages 10 7) stayed at the Kahala over the 4th of July holiday. The service is the best we have ever had anywhere. The property is beautiful and situated on its own quiet beach between Diamond Head and Koko Head. The hotel upgraded us to an ocean room without us asking. The room was large with a spacious bathroom. The bed was sagging and the hotel immediately switched the mattress. The staff is very pleasant and efficient. We used the convenient hotel shuttle and transferred to city buses, The Bus. The Bus is a great system and easy to use. Highly recommend restaurants Town, Spices, and Champa Thai.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>lanciak
<Content>Faded Beauty I have been staying at the Kahala since the 1970s and have always had wonderful memories of the hotel. It is still a great hotel but it is looking a little worse for the wear these days.The fundamentals are still in place, but the hotel itself is looking tired. The location is fabulous - in the tony Kahala section of Honolulu, just the other side of Diamond Head from downtown - it is a great alternative to the touristy and unappealing Waikiki. The sandy and sheltered semi-private beach is beautiful and is a gorgeous backdrop for a seaside breakfast. Views from the rooms take in Koko Head, Kahala Beach, the neighboring golf club or the interior mountains of Oahu, and many of the rooms have terraces. The staff at the hotel were as they have always been to a person, lovely, and many have worked at the hotel in its various itinerations for years.However, for a Leading Hotels of the World property, the shabby condition of the lobby and guest room furnishings is fairly inexcusable and a little sad. The hotel looks like it hasn't had a freshening since it was dropped by the Mandarin group several years ago. Also, it looks like they have cut back on housekeeping services and it is difficult to expect a room cleaning much before 12pm.I have a bit of a sentimental attachment to the property, but a more discriminating guest might be a little disappointed by the current state of the facility. That being said, apart from the very nice (and very expensive) Halekulani (with its smaller rooms and Waikiki location), there is very little alternative to this nice old hotel in Honolulu.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nvnorm
<Content>Wonderful Hawaiian spirit       Beach at Kahala  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>champ27
<Content>Loved the Kahala We stayed at the Kahala June 25 to July 2, 2007 and had a wonderful time. We are a family of 4 (6 and 4 year old boys), and take an annual sun vacation to decompress. We spent 6 solid days at the beach/pool at the Kahala, and came home completely stress-free. The beach is absolutely gorgeous, the pool, although not huge, is perfect. Service is great, and breakfast at Plumeria's is awesome. We took the shuttle to Waikiki one evening and couldn't wait to get back to the calm serenity of the Kahala. Loved the twice daily maid service -- kept the sand we tended to track in to a minimum. All in all a perfect vacation at the Kahala -- highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HIgirl
<Content>Loved IT!!!! Stayed at alot of hotel claiming to be full service. But this hotel really took the cake. Ok the price reflected the service. SO if you can shell out some cash it's really a great stay. On our early arrival we went to hang out at the breakfast buffet and soon discovered that we were sitting next to James Wood. Yes the guy from Family Guy. James Wood High himself. We did have to wait till roughly 2pm for a room. So don't really bank on early check. But we hung out in the side lobby (The Veranda) took a nap and waited. Really a wonderful stay. And the dolphin encounter is wonderful!! Even if you don't encounter with them you are free to watch and take all the photos you want. :)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ctucker33
<Content>Great Wedding Location We decided to get married at the Kahala Hotel and resort and were so glad we did. The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The assisted as much as they could through the whole events. The facilities are spectacular. Between the dolphins and waterfalls and the beach-front settings it truly is a place in paradise. I would strongly recommend this hotel to any (for vacation or a wedding). You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelgirlmedeiros
<Content>beautiful resort  I just have to say that my husband and I loved this hotel. The staff made you feel special and were very helpful. Whether it be directions around the island or just special requests that we had they did it with a smile. We loved it here. The hotel is great because it is only ten minutes away from Waikiki. Food was great. I loved the egg white omelette, and if they could make that fab then I knew everything else was going to be great. And it was. I really have nothing negative to say other than we were sad to leave. Aloha for now.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adogartnoe
<Content>Most the time I stay here when in Oahu I always have loved this hotel, mostly because I love dolphins, however the service, room, and location has always been great. My bf's parents live in Oahu, they live in Hawaii Kai, so this hotel is close to driving distance to them. Plus I love the east side of Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jems1304
<Content>Superior service, gorgeous property, excellent location, uncomfortable mattress In reading some of the other reviews, it is true that the Kahala is a little dated but I think that can be said of most of the hotels on the island. Hawaii resorts all seem to be stuck in that 70's style era and we think it's cool in a retro kind of way. But the Kahala is in no way run down or dumpy. The style itself may not have changed in 30 years but this is DEFINITELY a 5 star hotel all the way. It's a gorgeous hotel with breathtaking views of the ocean (it is one of the few hotels that is actually right on the water, with its own private beach) and the service is outstanding. You are pampered from the moment you walk in and that's what we were looking for on this particular trip--to be spoiled rotten. If you are cheap then this is defintely not the place for you because it is expensive. Some great rates can be found on their rooms (starting at $295 for a garden room during the off-season, for example) but the food and amenities are going to cost you. But if you are looking to stay where the celebrities stay when they are in Oahu (we saw three very famous people out at the pool during our week-long stay) then it's worth the cost! To be fair, I should mention some cons in my review. Our only complaint really was with the room. Because it's humid here and also probably because it's on the water our room had a slight odor to it--like a musty-ness. I can't be sure if all the rooms smelled like this or not--perhaps it was just ours--but it wasn't overpowering or anything. But it was noticeable. Also, the mattresses are hard as a rock and lumpy. We did not sleep well at all and woke up with a back ache every morning, which for me was a real bummer because I'm six months pregnant and was so looking forward to a good-night's sleep on this trip. But alas, we did not let that spoil our fun! Regardless of a little lumpy mattress, the Kahala is without a doubt the only place we will ever stay if we return to Oahu again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>busterboybay
<Content>Five star prices, one star hotel I went to this hotel in 1978, I've changed but the hotel hasn't changed at all, same carpet same furnishings, same everything. It is inconceivable to me that after thirty years the Kahala has not spent a dime to upgrade the facility. If you are looking for a time warp to the 70's, by all means book a trip. If not go someplace else.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Matt2540
<Content>Great staff, dated buildings Some buildings that were built in the '60s and '70s can be updated with style - but they will always be easily recognized as structures from that era. The Kahala is a nice hotel and it looks to be recently refurbished. What the hotel lacks in modern architecture is made up for by having an excellent hotel staff.I am still baffled as to why they would put the entryway and parking garage on the beach-side of the property which forces 80% of the ocean-view rooms and suites to look over this mess before seeing the ocean and beach. Somebody dropped the ball on that decision.The $30 daily rate we paid for the private beach cabanas was well worth the price. They ade up?the space for us and included bottled water and snacks in a cooler, reading material, and a little flag to summons the beach butlers. We came from the stress of travel and airports right to this beach for immediate decompression and it worked wonders for the soul.The CHI fitness center is modern, well cared for, and had very helpful staff. The view of the Pacific Ocean from the treadmill or cycle machines was an excellent way to start each day.We felt a bit sorry for the dolphins held captive in what to them must be a very, very small pond ?but wee liberal tree huggers so put that comment into perspective. With all due respect, if you want to swim with dolphins, we suggest the Na Pali coast on Kauai.If you are used to modern luxuries in a hotel like you would find at a 5-star Las Vegas resort, I would suggest you pick the Hilton or Hyatt Regency on Waikiki. The Kahala is much more removed from the hustle-and-bustle, much more private, has a wonderful staff, nice rooms and views, but it dated.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>palmspringsdecorator
<Content>The Kahala Hotel A group of approximately 40 friends just returned from a 50th birthday celebration at The Kahala Hotel on Oahu. The Kahala is such an amazing property. It is mid-century architecture at it's best, located away from but convenient to the hustle and bustle of Waikiki and situated on a beautiful beach.The staff of The Kahala was amazing. Everyone we encountered was proud to be a part of The Kahala team and happy to help in anyway they could. Their attitude created a peaceful relaxed atmosphere that made all of us feel comfortable. So much so, that we didn't leave for six days.We did not have a bad meal the whole time. The breakfast buffet is the best on the island, room service on our ocean front balcony was pretty wonderful too. Lunch on the beach was fun and laid back. We never wanted for anything but were not bombarded by the wait staff ... a tribute to their attentiveness. Each evening was a special private event for our friend's birthday celebration. Stuart Kotake, Director of Catering and Conference Services handled every detail and he was amazing. I highly recommend having him coordinate any special event you want to have at the hotel.The Dolphin Qwest experience is not to be missed ... regardless of your age. It is educational and fun. Make reservations early because it is so popular.The rooms are being renovated as we speak. My only fear is that they will be too over the top Tommy Bahama in an effort to make you feel like you are in Hawaii. The rooms now are subtle and tasteful. All you have to do is look out your window and you KNOW you are in Hawaii.I have never written a review of a hotel and have been fortunate enough to have stayed in some amazing properties all over the world. The Kahala experience was such the total package I felt the need to share my experience. Take your whole family or spend a romantic week with your significant other. Whatever you do at The Kahala you cannot go wrong.Aloha  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPAussie
<Content>Lovely Honeymoon, but intimidating.. After spending many years visiting Hawaii and staying with my aunt in Hawaii Kai, my honeymoon was my first stay in a hotel, (other than Turtle Bay), in Oahu. It was a lovely experience, beautiful beach, nice room - with comfy king size bed and gorgeous view over the golf course. Plus we were upgraded on arrival due to it being our honeymoon - and knowing our travel agent had connections there!! I was apprehensive about the hotel due to many 'bad reviews' on trip advisor, but i knew the Kahala was set in a gorgeous area and on its own private beach. My fiancee chose the Kahala after learning we could swim with dolphins there..Overall, we loved the hotel - especially the dolphins and the experience of swimming with them - but felt quite intimidated by the restaurant prices, price of hiring equipment, internet etc.... We were treated to our honeymoon accomodation at the Kahala as a gift from family, and felt deserving of the experience, but sometimes felt like we were out of our league due to intimidating prices and patrons. We were thankful to have our car in which we could drive to local restaurants, the Kalaha Mall, and even up to Koko Marina in Hawaii Kai...I also struggled to make it to the lobby by 8:30am for my free cup of tea or coffee! The lack of coffee/tea making facilities in our room was disappointing.All in all we loved our time at the Kahala, and would recommend it.. But as a relaxed, young Aussie couple not wanting to spend hundred's of $$$$$$$$ each day, maybe only spend a night or two here before moving onto another island or resort.. We headed to Turtle Bay and relaxed completely once there...  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>MelissaMcCoy
<Content>Kahala one of my favorites now!       Kahala Duo Dolpin Experience  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sylis
<Content>Wonderful Birthday My husband and I stayed at the Kahala Hotel  Resort for my birthday from May 21 to 26, 2006. We had the time of our lives! Upon arrival we were greeted as if we were Royalty. Check in was a breeze. Our room was beautiful. We had a spectacular view of the property and ocean but the best part was that our rooms balcony was over the Dolphin Lagoon. While sitting and relaxing on our balcony we were able to enjoy watching the Dolphin's. What a treat! We also swam with the Dolphin's. I have to say it was definitely an experience of a lifetime! We will never forget it. Breakfast at Plumeria's was a great start to the day. The service was excellent, food was tasty. Dinner at Hoku's is something that you do not want to miss. Great food, exemplary service. The Hotel staff is very professional and extremely friendly. You don't expect them to remember your names but they do. Makes you feel important. Lounging around the pool was very relaxing, the staff was very attentative to any needs that you might have, from a towel to a drink. Loved the Veranda Lounge. Great way to set the mood to a Romantic Evening... and don't forget the walk on the Beach in the Moonlight! Loved it. You feel like it is your own personal getaway. Looking forward to going back this year in September. If you want the Royal Treatment stay at the Kahala. Stay and Staff an A+.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jycnyc
<Content>Better when it was a Mandarin Oriental My husband, 3 yo son and I stayed at the Kahala in February. Although I've stayed there at least a half dozen times in the past and had my wedding there, I wasn't planning to stay at the Kahala this trip since it has become so overpriced since it switched ownership and management. We stayed at the Halekulani and Turtle Bay Resort for most of our trip, and then decided to try the Kahala for one night. We booked through AmEx's Platinum Travel Service which gave us a room upgrade, free brunch breakfast and guaranteed 4 pm checkout (convenient if your flight leaves in the evening, as most Mainland flights do). That made the room rate (I think $409/night) almost reasonable. The hotel itself has changed little since it was the Kahala Mandarin, although it definitely could use an update. Surprising that they feel they can keep ratcheting up the room rates even though the accommodations are getting shabbier. The service was fine although not quite as polished as before. I waited 45 minutes for the bellhop to bring up my luggage to my room. Surprising since the hotel was not busy at all during our stay. The bathroom amenities were awful, I thought. The soap and shampoo were heavy and unpleasant smelling. They need something lighter, more in keeping with a Hawaiian beach hotel. The kiddie pool was dirty and filled with leaves. I wouldn't let my son go in there. Food at the Plumeria Beach Restaurant was okay. Nothing spectacular, and my strawberry smoothie was awful and overpriced. A minor annoyance was that we were charged for internet access. Both Halekulani and Turtle Bay provided internet service for free. At Kahala's rates, they should likewise be providing internet service for free and stop nickel and diming its guests. Overall, the experience was fine, but nothing special. The place felt like it was a bit depressed and lacking in soul. It didn't feel as aloha as when it was managed by the Mandarin Oriental. I'm hoping that the ownership will soon throw in the towel and sell to Four Seasons. Then the place would be something special again!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>David_Spee
<Content>Lawn Mowers at 5 a.m. We were given a room along the golf course. I woke up at 5 in the morning to the roar of lawn mowers. There must have been 5 of them across the numerous fairways. The wear and tear on the rooms and facilities was obvious. This is a beautiful old hotel that should not call itself anything above 3 stars. Bring your earplugs.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacks1019
<Content>Kahala offers top notch everything I stayed here for my two nights on Oahu as a part of my honeymoon. Everything was top-notch. We were upgraded upon arrival to a top-floor suite. The room clearly was a bit older, but still very nice, and very classy. Service was impeccable, grounds are beautiful. I highly recommend. I believe they're in the process of updating the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CCSFBayArea
<Content>Great Getaway for a couple of days! Stayed from March 26-28 and it was fabulous. Upgraded from a courtyard view with no balcony to a mtn view with a lanai and a view of KoKo Head. Treated very well here, and dinner at Hoku's is a must! Spa was out of this world as well. Found on their website a spring internet special promo offering room and full breakfast for $295.. try to book it soon. The hotel is currently doing 3 floors of renovaton. Our room was very nice and clean, but it does need a decor upgrading.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdilla
<Content>Can't wait to go back! I can't begin to describe how wonderful of a stay my family and I had over Presiden't Day week. From check-in to check-out, we were treated to the best possible service and the accomodations were beyond expectation. We booked the trip late 2006 and decided to go with the standard garden room. Upon arrival and after mention of the celebration of a birthday, we were instantly upgraded to an oceanfront lanai room! Imagine my surprise when after being in the room for less than 10 minutes, a special birthday cake was sent over especially for me. My 5 year old daughter adored the property. From the fun-filled Keiki Club to the DolphinQuest swim to the awesome pool and beach - she was definitely happy! My husband and I spent many leisure days by the beach and/or pool. The environment was very relaxing and calm - a huge difference from our last stau at the Outrigger on the Beach. It felt very private and secluded. There was always an attendant to help us set-up our chairs and towels and the pool-side serice was quick and efficient. Employees referred to us by our names by the 3rd day. The concierge was wonderful. She assisted my husband in planning an unforgettable birthday celebration. Breakfast at Plumeria's was an awesome way to start each day. The buffet had a great selection and the service was friendly and prompt. Dinner at Hoku's was exceptional. The seafood tower is a must! Excellent presentation! I realy enjoyed the Veranda's Lounge in the evening - listening to the piano play - who had an amazing voice. The only disadvatage is that since you are away from Waikiki, it is tough to grab a few snacks and a cheap drink - as there are no ABC stores in the area. Otherwise, I would rate our vacation to the Kahala an A++ and are looking forward to our rip back in December.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>roomsafe
<Content>Hotel has become a Motel 6 with FOUR SEASON PRICES The Hotel has not one redeeming Quality except for the location!Under new ownership returning guests don't want to return! We will return when they sell the hotel to someone else.The people who bought it knew how to ruin a hotel in less than a year. Every restaurant, every service was a disaster. Bad!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>backyardigans
<Content>kahala was just great! We booked our vacation at the Kahala to be away from the hustle of Waikiki and also to skip a connecting flight to an outer island. (Always a plus with 2 children under 5). The rate was surprisingly compairable to Waikiki properties, (the nicer ones). However, after booking we got very worried with reading all the negative reviews on this site. I have to say we were very happy with it. Was it because we were expecting less with all the neg. press? I don't know. I think it was perfect for a family with small children. The beach is like a lagoon...so shallow you could walk all the way to the reef. A nice pool--not huge but just fine because there were not a lot of people at all, and a nice children's pool. All kinds of sea creatures--dolphins, turtles, etc. to check out. We never tried the fine dining but ate daily at the breakfast buffet. It's $28 yes, but if your kids are under 5 at least they eat for free. The room was nice size with a lovely view of the golf course. Super sound proof and a real nice large bathroom. Floors re hardwood, which is a nice feature. The area rug could have used a good cleaning, however. The staff was so very nice. That was on of the best features. We would visit again. By the way, I'm known to be very picky.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>matupatu
<Content>Best option close to honolulu Great resort. Recommended both for families with young kids and for people looking for a place that it is not crowded and that has a high standard of service.Excellent , calm and secluded beach. Big rooms that look a bit old but with all the amenities required.Service is very good and you have superb dining options inside the resort. All rooms have nice views , either to the sea or to golf courses and mountains.You can experience a well managed encounter with dolphins at a special center right by the pool area; it is expensive but worthwile to to do it once in your lifetime, especially for kids.Unless looking to stay in the far away but naturally gorgeous North Shore: this is the best option in the Oahu island.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Queenie99
<Content>Wonderful Experience What a wonderful time we had at The Kahala. We were treated so well and enjoyed every minute of our stay.  We had read some of the other reviews before deciding on this resort. Some were not favorable. I have to wonder if these folks stayed at the same place as us. Yes, there is some updating to do around the grounds and the interior but it hardly detracts from the fabulous service, food and ambiance. In fact, there is charm in the old hollywood style that the age of the property presents.  The guest rooms are some of the biggest and well laid out in all the top rated hotels. The resort is secluded from the very busy Waikiki beach area. It never seemed overcrowded, which made our time there even more relaxing.  Loved the fitness club and spa. Some of our best meals in Oahu were at the restaurants in The Kahala. A particular favorite, Tokyo Tokyo for very creative and tasty Sushi.  You will not be disappointed with your stay at The Kahala. We cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjstokes
<Content>Expensive but it was awesome rooms are exquisite. look for their promotions on their website. ocean lanai rooms above the dolphin lagoon are the best rooms you can get thats not a suit- they are better than the dolphin lagoon rooms cuz those dont give you a view of the private beach and the ocean. which is a must for any honeymooner. ( the lanai is huge!)Their spa is really nice. Unless you got alot of money stick to the straight up massages- the face treatments and baths cost alot. rentals of kayak's and cabanas are a nice treat. make one day a beach/pool and massage day- you won't regret it.Hoku's restaurant attached to the hotel is probably the best food we had in all of oahu and we even went to alan wong's highly hyped but overrated restaurant.Ammeneties and turndown service are top of the line.Tips: check out local food to save money. There is a Zippy's, and a few other restaurants nearby in the Kahala Mall. Save your money for the fancy dinners.nearby Haunamma bay is a protected bay - perfect for great snorkeling.if you have the money- register for dolphin quest. its a once in a lifetime opportunity and it was wonderful.CONS:room service was not as good as we'd like after 10 pmParking is $22 per day ( not including tip)( they have shuttles to waikiki but only run like once a day so unless you want to be kept to a schedule you must rent a car)  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeaJohn
<Content>Loved the Kahala The Kahala is a wonderful hotel! We stayed for 5 days on our honeymoon and enjoyed it very much when it was still the Mandarin Oriental. While not a 5 star hotel, it still lived up to all of our expectations and more. The open and elegant feeling is very unique and we loved every minute of it! We stayed in the Dolphin Lagoon wing, which was very nice. Everything was very clean and while not in new condition still very nice. Our experience with the staff was excellent and they all knew us by name within 1 day. The front desk was especially courteous and the woman who checked us in would actually come out from behind the desk to greet us and make sure everything was to our satisfaction each time we walked by. We had an excellent dinner at Hoku and enjoyed the breakfast buffet at Plumeria every morning. We loved the location of the hotel to the other fine restaurants in the area. Our favorite restaurant of all time, Michelle, is just around the other side of Diamond Head. HIGLY recommend going to this restaurant, though pricey. The concierge was very helpful in booking dinners and was able to get our preferred times/nights for every restaurant even on short notice. The downside is the cost and the Kahala is not a cheap hotel, but most people booking it don expect it to be. Yes it is expensive, but the experience is terrific! The beach is the best, the dolphin lagoon unique, and the hotel it is close enough to enjoy Honolulu when you want to, yet far enough away at the same time. We really enjoyed our stay and hope to return again some time in the near future.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kahuna8899
<Content>These People Live Aloha!!! From first impression of the Valet to checkout...       Kahala Resort and Spa (Photo from Hotel's website.)  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>islandwebfoot
<Content>Bittersweet memories of a glorious past Our recent stay at the Kahala Hotel Resort has confirmed, without doubt, that the resort is sadly riding on its past performance and history as a world class resort. My family used to spend our Christmas holiday here when it was under the command of the Hilton corporation, and it was a glorious hotel that made everyone feel like royalty. Unfortunately, the resort fell into disrepair under the helm of the Mandarin Oriental group, and the current owners/managers cannot seem to put all the broken pieces back together.To its credit, the glorious beachfront location is without fault. The lush, tropical grounds, however, are in dire need of attention. Accomodations are dirty and beyond well-worn, bordering on shabby, without the chic. Carpets and upholstery are stained, and well past their service, and furniture is literally falling apart!The staff here seems to be indifferent to the needs of their guests, acting as though they are being held captive , plotting their long anticipated escape. Simple service requests go unfulfilled, or require multiple calls before any effort is put forth. The overall mood is more like a mausoleum than a tropical resort.Dining at the restaurants is anything but fine. The term hit-or-miss comes to mind, both in terms of quality and value.If price is any indicator of quality, then those who think they are booking a 5 star resort will be sadly disappointed upon checkin.The Kahala needs to be closed for extensive renovation. It has good bones, but it needs an investment team and quality management to help it along.Oh, one last thought...release the dolphins! They should be able to swim free in the ocean . People who want to see dolphins in Hawaii can see them while snorkeling, or visit Sea Life Park.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>elsafe
<Content>It' Not The Kahala It Use To Be the service in the restaurants and the food was not good and the prices were raised 30% higher and the service was 90% lowerHokus was awful they charged a corkage fee that was laughable. The housekeeping services were not good and the hotel guests were all complaining on how the hotel cut back on their ammenities qtips and things cotton balls and things you would get at a 3 star hotel  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flyerno.one
<Content>Wow A great hotel, the staff was A+. The room was very spacious,and comfortable. I am sure that the rooms could use a little TLC at this point, but the other qualities of the hotel far surpass this issue. The location is outside of Honolulu, so it is really quiet and the beach is like a lake (ideal for families). The resturants in the hotel are pricey, but the food is good and the wait staff is attentive.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gdub
<Content>Not worth the $$ My boyfriend and I (and his parents and niece) just spent four nights at the Kahala (after a wonderful 8 days at Kona Village on the Big Island -- but that's for another review...) and were very disappointed with the quality level of the rooms. While our room (9th floor, corner) had beautiful views, the room and the furnishings had clearly seen better days: water damage on the ceiling, stained love seat, mildewy bath and shower curtain, and an odd odor which seemed to emanate from our bed; I thought it smelled like urine; my boyfriend thought it was gasoline. Either way, it was no good. I should have complained, but we'd already been moved once (from a dark, depressing room on the ground floor) and I was afraid we would end up with something even worse. Additionally, a housekeeping cart was parked in the hallway across from our room the entire time we were there, and I don't see that it did much good, as I noticed a wadded-up napkin on the elevator lobby table (on our floor) that was also there the entire four days. We also saw candy wrappers in the elevator. I'm not a super clean freak, and if I'm staying at Motel 6, I adjust my expectations accordingly. But, when one is paying more than $400 per night for a room, I don't think clean, deodorized premises are too much to ask. Next time I stay on Oahu I'll do what I've done several times before: rent a house in Lanikai!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	4	3	

<Author>Trautel
<Content>Not What It Was When the Mandarin Owned It. This was our second stay at the Kahala. The service and food are generally still very good if not consistent.The shocker was the condition of the room and the smell in the hallways and one of the public bathrooms. I must say the smell varied from day to day. One day the putrid odor was there and the next day it wasn't. Not a fun way to arrive in your room.The worst was yet to come. The furnishings in the room were in miserable condition. We had the same room two years ago so we had a basis for comparison. It was on the 8th floor, gorgeous view in the building that overlooks the entrance to the hotel. The couch had caked food on both ends and was generally dirty. The two benches at the foot of the bed needed cleaning. The night stand was so scratched up and worn it made Holiday Inn furniture look great. We had friends on the 9th floor and there was garbage a napkin and a cup lying on the table for three days in the main hallway. Enough said. This hotel will only be able to survive on its reputation for so long. Shame because it is one of the nicest places to stay in Hololulu. Cost for us was very high, breakfast not included and for that you should expect impeccable rooms and facilities.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelnas
<Content>Old elegance The Kahala hotel is the IT hotel in Oahu. Everyone knows about the hotel and everyone kind of says Ahh after you mention you are staying there. It is truly elegant, If you appreciate hotels like the Ritz Carlton you would appreciate the Kahala. The rooms are more traditional but still nice with granite bathroom tops, tub, and shower and Hard wood Floors throughout the room. The beds were very comfortable with expensive bedding. And the dolphins 24/7 was definately a plus. 5stars!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giddylou
<Content>Another mixed review . . .       The view from the ninth floor  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>CubfanET
<Content>Wow...what a place....       Dolphin Quest  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dragonfly8
<Content>Very Nice, a Bit Overpriced We stayed at the Kahala back when it was Oriental Mandarin property in March of 2006.The hotel is very lovely and in a great location. It's close enough that you can take a cab or even bike (they provide bikes) to Waikiki but you are also far away from all the noise and tourists that tend to be in Waikiki.The hotel offers complementary shuttle service to certain areas downtown and to the local malls, if you are interested in those. They do charge a rather high fee each day to keep a car parked on the grounds. What we did was rent a car from the hotel agents just for a day to avoid having to keep one in the lot and pay fees each day. I believe it was 22.00 a day otherwise.When you arrive you are greeted with leis and given a tour of the property. Room check in is very strict so you can't actually get in early. However, they will give you keys to their little Chi center. This is where you can change for the pools or ocean, relax in the sauna and use their showers or excercise equipment. You can watch the dolphins do their show for free or pay a fee to swim with them yourselves. The hotel offers snorkle gear and surf lessons.But beware, if you are even a little late returning it you get socked with a hefty fine. The rooms are very lovely and spacious. We had a corner room which gave us views of the ocean and the mountains. The restaurants on property was very good. Every day we started with the breakfast buffett at the Plumeria Beach House. We also had their lunch buffett and menu items a few times. Casual and right near the beach. You can also order sandwiches and drinks by the pool. As long as you are checked in you can charge your food to your room. At night we would hang out at the Veranda and have drinks outside enjoying the breeze. We also had dinner at Hoku's one night, everything was very good. The staff is very attentive. The only downside to staying here were the prices. There are a few stores inside, but the prices are ridiculous. You're better off taking the shuttle to Waikiki if you want souveniers or suntan lotion. Little things like if you keep the snorkle masks out longer than 30 minutes cost us nearly 25.00 in late charges. We also found the parking fees to be ridiculous. Another thing, that is no fault of the hotel, is that many of the other guests are rather snobby. They are rude and patronizing to both the staff and other guests.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>doggieb
<Content>Perfect for young kids Wonderful hotel if you have young kids, with a great beach, ocean with minimal waves, warm (though smallish) pool, and lagoon at the hotel with dolphins, Rays, fish and others. Very good value kids program, and very helpful staff (mostly). No problems getting charis on the beach or by the pool. One of the most family friendly places I have stayed. We loved the place with our 2 year old son.Rooms are very large (60s building) and while not new in good condition with all the amenities. It is not a fashionista hotel, but good quality.Only downside that the food is expensive for average quality (except breakfast which is great).  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TarHeelEagle
<Content>Paradise!!!!!!!!!!!       Mtn view room, view to the R = downtown waikiki  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Honeymooner77
<Content>Great Time, Not Perfect.       Hotel Front  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Lightfoot1968
<Content>Outstanding Property I returned to the Kahala Hotel after over 25 years, having stayed here with my parents several times when I was a kid in the late 1970's and early 1980's. I have noted that the hotel has received mixed reviews on this website, with some people loving it and other people feeling disappointed.All I can say is that, during my week long stay at the hotel, I found it close to perfect. I am at a loss to understand the negative reviews. As a traveler, I tend to be very exacting with hotels, and I feel the Kahala deserves it top tier rating. The only drawback, and I found it to be very minor, is that the hotel could use some updating in a few areas. But overall, the Kahala is an outstanding property.First of all the location is fantastic, nestled in a suburb, about five miles east of Honolulu, on the other side of Diamond Head. The beach is crowd free and safe, with condos on one side and a golf course on the other. I kayaked all around the property, snorkeled out on the reefs, swam out to the breakers, and stretched out on the beach, all in complete solitude. I prefer this environment to relax in than Wakiki.I had a room on the tenth floor with a balcony overlooking the ocean, with Diamond Head to my right and Koko Head to my left.The view was breathtaking, and sunrises and sunsets were spent on the balcony taking in the incredible views.True, the rooms are not enitrely modernized, as some other hotels. Yet, they are large, quiet and comfortable, and still have many amenities. One review complained that the hallways did not have air conditioning, Well, the room did, and unless you plan to sleep in the hall, who cares? The bathroom had a tub and shower, and was quite large. The bed was fantastic. I had computer access and a TV, which I barely watched. I actually preferred the quaintness of a less modern room. I did not need anything else.The food was also great, but admittedly expensive. In contrast to Wakiki, it is harder at the Kahala to go out and get cheap food. But all hotel food in Honolulu is expensive, and at least it was good when I did eat at the hotel. Hoku's was fantastic.The hotel service is impeccable. Everyone works hard to make sure that your needs are met. Very friendly and helpful.I certainly would not characterize the Kahala as a value. But, you get what you pay for, and I would prefer to spend my vacation at an expensive property as long as it satisfies my need to relax and enjoy myself, so I can return home feeling refreshed. I would reccommend the Kahala.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MJWhite
<Content>We Loved This Beautiful Piece Of Paradise We were really excited and looking forward to staying at this resort but started to get a little apprehensive after reading some of the latest reviews that had been posted on Trip Advisor. Well, we needn't had worried, from the moment we walked into the beautiful, light filled lobby and were warmly met by everyone from the front door man to the desk person until the last minute of our stay when we were saying good-bye to everyone and presented with our leis to take home, our whole stay was just a wonderful experience that we just can't wait to repeat. Our Ridge View room without lanai on the second floor was exactly as pictured and as expected. We had a beautiful view of the hills and of the peaceful green golf course below. The room was spotless and was kept that way every day of our stay by the very friendly and attentive staff. It had two beds as requested since we were traveling with our two daughters, 6 years old and 7 months old. The hotel layout is so well done that no matter where in the hotel you are staying, you are no more than about 5 minutes away from the pool, lagoon, restaurants, spa, shops, or their perfect little beach. The beach was one of the most peaceful places we've ever seen. Due to two breakwaters which are dotted with palm trees on each side of the beach/cove, the water at the beach was always calm, sorry no waves for those of you that may want to do any type of surfing. We were looking for a nice, peaceful getaway with our daughters at the end of the summer and that's exactly what we got. Even our 7 month old enjoyed the ocean in her floatie. The food at the beachside bar was excellent and even though it wasn't inexpensive it wasn't outrageously expensive. The most expensive item on the menu was a Lobster salad at $25.00 which I splurged on our last day at the beach and it was delicious with huge pieces of lobster in it. The rest of the menu items ranged from salads to burgers and hot sandwiches for between $12.00 and $17.00 dollars each, including fries. There was also a kids (or keiki) menu with burgers and large hot dogs for about $10.00 each that also came with fries. Drinks were on the expensive side with most drinks in the $8.50 to $9.50 range. However, the waiters roaming around the pool and beach area are not allowed to bring alcoholic drinks to the beach due to State restrictions only food so, you can either go to the bar and get a drink and bring it back down to the beach yourself or enjoy your drinks by the pool which is a skip and a jump from the beach. You might also opt for bringing a couple of nice bottles of champagne (or your drink of choice) from home or your room and enjoy them at the beach. You may have to do the mixing and/or pouring yourself but the staff will be more than happy to provide you with cups, wine chiller, napkins, etc., as needed, and you save yourself the drink prices - just an option! Please note, the hotel is in a quiet residential area (no other hotels around) so the only shopping and restaurants are at the hotel. This may sound very limiting except for the quality and variety of food at their four restaurants make up for this slight deficiency. They were all excellent. These were however, expensive (entrees between $25.00 and $40.00 each) with options for the children at about half those prices. We enjoyed room service a couple of nights and it was great. Again, the delivery staff was extremely friendly and always going out of their way to be nice to everybody. There is a complementary shuttle service that can take you into Waikiki everyday, throughout the day and night where you can try their abundance of restaurants at varying prices, shopping until collapsing, enjoying the hustle and bustle of the large crowds, and daytime and nightime excitement. We did it once and enjoyed the convenience of this service. Our 6 year old daughter also enjoyed their formal (hawaiian laid-back style) afternoon tea in the beautiful lobby. This was a great, fun experience for her. The server was so nice to our daughter and explained to her all the nuances of having afternoon tea. Also, for the $22.00 charge you get quite a lot of food, you may also get a la carte sandwiches for about $8.00 each which are whole sandwiches (egg salad, cucumber, duck with hoisin sauce) that they then cut into triangles, so you get 4 triangles (a full sandwich) for $8.00. A good, delicious value. We didn't make it to the spa but it looked very nice. The breakfast buffet at the Plumeria Restaurant each morning was excellent (and between the 4 of us we have some picky eaters!). It had everything from the sweetest fruits you ever tasted (pineapple, mango, melon, strawberries, blueberries, oranges, bananas) to yogurts - homemade and store bought, cold and hot cereals, chocolate and regular milks, juices (orange, pineapple, guava) , salads, cheeses, meats, breads, homemade morning pastries, bacon, at least 2 different types of sausages, potatoes, made to order eggs and omelettes and a full Japanese breakfast (my daughter had miso soup every morning and loved it). It was a great way to start the day. The shops are limited to only a couple of boutiques and a small sundries and souveneer shop. For large scale shopping, take the shuttle to Waikiki, you'll be there in about 15 minutes. You can buy Kahala logo wear at the hut by the pool along with any pool item you may have forgotten at home. The pool is average size but perfect, never too crowded and if there happens to be a little too many kids jumping in for your taste, just head to the beach, plenty of chairs there. We opted for a cabana on a couple of days. You should reserve these the day before though if you are interested. They cost $30.00 for the day and it's basically two chaise lounges covered with a yellow canopy which someone comes to setup for you right at the beach, this way you have shade all day, you also get a little cooler brought to you mid-day filled with cold fruits and water. It was private and nice. The days we didn't rent the cabanas we were able to find plenty of room to sit under the trees on the beach by the pool area. I almost forgot the Dolphin Quest entertainment. The hotel hosts Dolphin Quest which provides children and adults with an opportunity to swim and feed the dolphins. The prices are varied (from about $199.00 to over $500) depending on the type of venture you choose and it looked like everyone was having a good time. We decided to just watch on this trip. That was a lot of fun in itself. You can stand on the little bridge leading from the hotel to the lagoon/pool/beach area and watch all day if you want, the trainers and dolphins doing tricks or just swimming around the large lagoon. There are also two stingrays, some turtles and fishes which swim around the lagoon all day. Our daughters both enjoyed watching these. There is a kiddie pool but most kids seem to like using the big pool. Most kids were very well behaved. There were a lot of families staying at the resort when we were there and it created a nice atmosphere FOR US, more than a few were visiting from Japan. We rented a car for one day at the lobby and enjoyed driving around the island (the Dole Pineapple plantation was fun). We were able to return the car that same night at the lobby and save the daily valet parking fee which is between $17 and $24 for those who bring a car. Well, I think I've hit on most everything. We went to the Kahala to have a nice peaceful time and got every penny of our money's worth. If you decide to go - and you should, don't look for warts where there aren't any, just let go and enjoy yourselves, there is NOTHING perfect in this world, but the Kahala sure came close.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sfpals
<Content>We soooo wanted to love this hotel -- but didn't This hotel seemed to have everything going for it: far enough removed from the mess that is Waikiki, but close enough if you want to spend an afternoon or evening there; an idyllic location on a small, but calm and beautiful beach; large rooms with incredible views of the ocean; a legendary reputation for understated elegance and service. This seemed exactly what we were looking for in a hotel for our first visit to Oahu. We have deliberately avoided Oahu over the years, thinking the entire island was a combination of Miami Beach and LA. The North Shore of Kauai (Princeville Hotel) and the Big Island (Four Seasons Hualalai) were our typical choices for islands and resorts over the years. The Kahala seemed a reasonable but similar option for Oahu. I read with concern the mixed reviews on this website about the Kahala, but thought we'd give it a try nonetheless. Besides, the only other option was the Halekulani which sits in the heart of the worst traffic and construction chaos in the Hawaiian islands. It also has a sliver of a beach that disappears in high tide.We desperately wanted to love the Kahala. But, in the end it was a MAJOR disappointment. The service is fabulous -- from check-in to the impossibly quick valets to the incredibly helpful staff. The setting and beach for the hotel are wonderful. But everything else is one big disappointment. You have to remember that this hotel was built in 1964. Hotel designs and guest priorities were completely different then. The design and flow of this resort are completely flawed. I've never seen a hotel whose parking garage sits oceanfront, while the hotel rooms are set back overlooking the porte cochere. You hear mufflers and accelerating cars all night long (not waves crashing against the surf). The hotel rooms are probably 20 years past their prime. Our entire room smelled of such strong mildew, we had to burn incense at night to tolerate the odor. The ceilings are stained with nasty mold near the A/C vent, all the wood furniture is dinged and chipped, the flooring is stained and worn, the mattress was hard and lumpy, etc. etc. etc. I could go on and on, but I think you get the idea. Every negative comment you read on this website about the condition of the hotel is accurate. The best possible solution? Sell the property to the Four Seasons and let them bull-doze the entire resort.You should also know that the hotel is in the middle of major work to its roof (of course you're only notified of this at check-in, not when you make your reservation). Forget about enjoying a quiet morning or afternoon in your room with the balcony door open or sitting at the tiny pool. You should also know that the Kahala area because of its southern-most location on Oahu, gets exposed to far more wind and clouds than other parts of Honolulu, particularly Waikiki. One night we were walking in the warm sun and gentle seabreeze in front of the Hilton Village in Waikiki around 5:00 p.m., only to return to tropical storm-level trade winds and sunshine blocked by buildings or afternoon clouds a few minutes later at the Kahala. This hotel was always windy and felt about 10-15 degrees cooler than Waikiki, especially when the trades kick in during the afternoon. I'm beginning to understand why people choose to stay in Waikiki over other parts of the island. Also know that the hotel hosts probably 3-5 weddings per day, so be prepared for noisy receptions into the night (which you can hear from your room with the slider closed).Having said all this, we didn't find a decent alternative to the Kahala. So I'm not sure where would stay if we ever return to Oahu. We absolutely loved the island -- the eastern shore mountains are incredibly beautiful, the snorkeling at Hanauma Bay is an amazing experience, the drive along the north shore serene and beautiful. Just don't expect anything near a Four Seasons-level resort in Oahu, which is very unfortunate. I'm hoping they'll buy the Kahala someday soon and fix it.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	4	2	

<Author>mfcinla
<Content>wouldn't stay there again rooms need work and the level of service for such an expensive resort was terrible. Definitely not up to their rating. Provided surf lessons and then neglected to provide the right gear resulting in serious injury to one of us.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	-1	2	

<Author>DCinMontclair
<Content>Loved the Kahala If you want a beautiful hotel, great service, great food, friendly staff and a semi-private beach (as private as you can get in Hawaii where all beaches are public) that is minutes away from all the action of Waikiki, then the Kahala is for you. Did I mention the dolphins? True, it's expensive. Plus the daily valet charge and all the taxes hurt. But, if you want to have a nice, relaxing and elegant stay in Honolulu, consider the Kahala. You get what you pay for....We booked our room through American Express Platinum Travel Services and where upgraded to a prime ocean with balcony room. The room was spacious: king size bed, couch, desk, side chairs, etc. Bathroom had tub, shower and 2 sinks and plenty of closet space. The view of the ocean was magnificent. Make sure to ask for a high-floor. Our 10th floor (top floor) room as excellent.Our package included breakfast at Plumeria which was terrific. We were greeted everyday by charming hostesses and sat outside. One day we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Some guests make reservations. We read the paper and waited. Go for the breakfast buffet and enjoy all the fresh fruit, waffles, cereals, baked goodies, breads, meats and made-to-order omlettes. Hokus for dinner was a special event. Way too pricey: Appetizers where $25. Best value was a bottle of wine for $32. Hotel can use a little sprucing up but overall it was a piece of heaven: spacious public rooms, friendly staff and great location for relaxation.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>South_Pacific_Seas
<Content>Excellent Service My wife and I stayed at the Kahala at the end of August. We were promptly greeted and recognized as returning guests. Service was excellent. (Front desk as well as maid service) Our room was not ready (it was 1pm when we arrived) so we to Ala Moana and they called on my cell phone to let me know the room was ready. Our luggage was already taken to the room when we got back.The restaurants are very good, although somewhat pricey (what isn't in Honolulu).The rooms are nicely appointed with very large bathrooms. We had a room with a lanai with a Diamond Head view.The beach is very nice although my only complaint was with the beach service center which was understaffed when I used it.You can spend hours whatching the dolphins and turtles on the property .We have stayed there before and would continue to recommend it for anyone that wants the convenience of being close to Honolulu without the traffic of Waikiki. It costs more than a Waikiki hotel but the quality of the service is worth it.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlanLight
<Content>Pass this one up What ridiculously high room rates for a mediocre property that doesn't yet have its act together. I used to love the Kahala Hilton, and then Kahala Mandarin Oriental. New owners have a long way to go. There's more to running a new property than jacking up the rates and cutting back on service.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Muchotravelo
<Content>Don't Expect Much!!! What a disappointment. When you are paying 600.00 a night for a room you expect Four Seasons quality rooms and hotel. What we got was Quality Inn. When walking down the hall you cannot help but notice the that the halls are not air conditioned. When you walked in our rooms 929 and 927 you were overwhelmed with the smell of mildew. The bathtub ( which you had to walk to the shower to get to) was rusting, peeling wallpaper and the parkay floor was coming up, due to the mold growing underneath it. They obviously have a mold and mildew problem. I cannot believe that this hotel is a Leading Hotels of the World and a part of the American Express Platinum travel program. Someone form the respective companies really needs to go visit this hotel. The only thing would improve this hotel is a bulldozer!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>SinCityChickie
<Content>Dolphin Heaven The Kahala was very nice for Honolulu. You are not by the tall buildings but at a secluded beach. We stayed at the dolphin lagoon room and my 5 year old was in heaven. The rooms are not fancy but the dolphins are so cool and worth every penny to swim with. Justin Timberlake, Cameron Diaz, Conan O Brian, the lead singer of The Killers, and a LAKER player were all at the hotel the week we were there! You have to admit there is a reason they stay there! Hoku was beautiful but the food was average. The staff was very nice. Tokyo Tokyo had better food. The seaside cabanas had wonderful food and incredible views. I did NOT like the tiny pool but the beach was gorgeous and NOT crowded. We loved the beachside sevice- the burgers are so good. The Veranda was classy and the lobby was a great place to spot the celebrities. I will return to the Kahala. We saw the Cirque Hawaii show and loved it. The free shuttle takes you right by it and back. I am from Vegas and have seen La Reve, O, and Ka and Cirque Hawaii was up there! The girl in the show does not have a spine! She can bend like you would not believe. We took a shuttle to Paradise Cove-a luau, and it was awful. It was way too far and the food was yuck. The ambience of the hotel is so serene and relaxing- you will not want to leave.! It was worth the money-expensive but perfect for a family vacation-the dolphins will give you incredible memories! The manager also had a chocolate cake and bottle of house wine for us when we arrived in our room-how sweet! We saw a beach front room for a future visit and we loved that you could alk to the beach and will get that next time but the dolphin room with lanai is great for kids!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Francine246
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! Loved every moment! What an amazing experience!! My husband and I stayed at the Kahala for a week for our anniversary and It was fabulous!! I loved every moment of our time there and I'm so sorry we had to leave. It's an easy trip from the airport and away from noisy, crowded Waikiki. I've stayed in many 5 star hotels and this is one of the best! The staff is incredible and you feel like you are family from the moment you arrive. This is a very romantic hotel so prepare to fall in love again! It sits right on the ocean with views from every restaurant. Speaking of food, start your day at Plumeria with Macadamia nut pancakes and coconut syrup!!! For a special dinner, book one of the cabanas - right on the sand and watch the sunset. We stayed in an ocean view room with a balcony. 180 degree view of the sea. We opened the window and let the breeze and sound of the ocean lull us to sleep! Even the rooms that faced the mountains or dolphin lagoon were beautiful. I had planned to do so many activities at the hotel but I found I couldn't move from my lounge chair. Plenty of beach and ocean space and again, great staff to attend to all of your needs. I can't say enough about the caring staff. I did manage to tear myself away from slothdom and swim with the dolphins which was incredible. It was expensive but so worth it!! I also think this hotel is great whether you are a couple or a family. I found the children to be well behaved and very engaged by all the wonderful activities the hotel plans for them. The room and hotel overall were beautiful and I'm really surprised by any negative reviews I have read. I was told by management that they are planning to upgrade all public spaces and rooms starting in September. This is one of the oldest hotels on the island with great history. If you want marble, crystal and columns, go to Las Vegas. If you want a gorgeous, natural, tropical island, 1st class experience then go to the Kahala where you are treated like royalty! The website is exact so see for yourself how beautiful it is. We already booked our room for next year!! Oh, they just opened the Fendi boutique in the hotel! Goody!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blondie99
<Content>Excellent!       Great room!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel_Hack
<Content>Paradise on earth What an absolutely fantastic hotel! Without doubt the best I have ever stayed in. We stayed here for 6 nights on our honeymoon and the hotel did nothing but exceed expectations day after day.We had a beach front room which was 10 seconds walk from the quiet, secluded and tranquil beach; perfect for a lazy day in the sun or a gentle swim. The room was kept incredibly clean and the bed was very comfortable. The room was very spacious and tasteful.The restaurants on site had incredible food, and we stayed at a time when the main restaurant was being refurbished. All the food and wine were exceptional. The fresh fish was very tasty as was the karubuto(?) pork chop. The waiting staff, particularly in the evening, were unobtrusive when needed but on-hand when you required them and were genuinely happy to help in any way they could. The staff on the main desk were polite, the concierge was very efficient and there was also free internet access in the business centre every day for up to 30 minutes.The hotel also runs a free shuttle to Waikiki if you want to get out(why stay in an overcrowded strip when Kahala is 5 mins drive away?). They also have hire cars if you want to visit any of the local attractions. The Manalua Bay snorkelling is well worth a visit in the morning before it gets too crowded.I can't say enough to praise this hotel. We will definitely return here for special occasions. Brilliant and worth every penny.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>N.Empett
<Content>The Kahala - Perfection by the ocean Having read the negative reports on this hotel I wonder if the writers actually have any experience in fine hotels. I returned to the Kahala for the first time since it was the Kahala Hilton and am at a complete loss to understand the negativity expressed. From the initial contact with the reservation department until my check out at the end of my stay the experience was exactly the way I anticipated and expected it to be - that is as close to perfection as it is possible to get.My plane arrived at 10:30pm meaning a very late arrival at the property, the perfect excuse for even the best hotels to explain why the room you had booked was no longer available. Not so at the Kahala, to make sure my room was exactly as I had requested I had been checked in early thus eliminating any possibility that an error could occur. My greeting at the front desk was warm and genuine, indeed it appeared just by arriving I had made the young ladies day complete. The gentleman who escorted me to my room immediately confirmed to me that I had made the right decision in returning. My room (Ocean View with balcony) was clean, comfortable and well equipped with far more 'things' than I needed or used. Housekeeping was extremely polite and always efficient, nothing was missed and the twice a day service insured I was never in need of anything.Room service, prompt, food hot, perfectly prepared and presented and served with a genuinely pleasant and warm attitude. Plumeria food - excellent, service - warm greeting at the door and caring waiters and waitresses made each meal an extremely pleasant experience. Led by a perfect gentleman Won Bae, who deserves a special mention for his insistance that he should take pictures (which he kindly e mailed to me when I returned home). Afternoon tea served as it should be, in a leisurely manner by extremely kind and pleasant young ladies.Any conversation with any employee, and any request was handled as if it was the most important thing that had happened that day. From the moment I was greeted at the front of the property until the moment I was escorted to my car to depart for the airport I could not have been treated with more warmth and respect than I received on a daily basis. I am thankful that so many fine people have been gathered under one roof to provide the high levels of service that I experienced.The location of course is beautiful and anyone considering visiting Oahu should have no illusions, the Kahala is as beautiful and welcoming as she ever was as the Kahal Hilton.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Raf1966
<Content>Top Service at Top Prices We stayed at the Kahala for 3 nights after 11 nights on Maui in a condo. What a contrast! Hotels with children are always expensive but this was right up there. We took 2 interconnecting ocean view rooms, one with lanai one without. I think the kids got the better value. We were on a corner on the Diamond Head side so had two views but no sofa. The rooms were lovely with the usual marble bathroom you expect at a place like this. We ate at the beach restaurants and the food was good. The beach was lovely and very safe for small children with a reef (old mud wall i'm told) creating lagoon type conditions. The beach wasnt crowded and easy to get sun loungers. The pool was small but mainly used by children. We did the Dolphin Experience which was amazing. We did the family swim with all four of us in the water. It cost a small fortune and was over a bit quick ($1100 for 30mins) but tough to price swimming with a dolphin and stroking its tummy.The Kahala is a very slick operation (recently rebranded as Leading Hotels of the World operation). The service is first class, very slick and always with a big smile. Nothing is too much trouble here. The location is wonderful being away from the madness of Waikiki, which i found very dissappointing. OK the shops are pretty amazing (especially if you live in Christchurch, NZ!) but everything else reeks of touristdom and was simply heaving. The hotel runs regular shuttles into Waikiki and the shopping centres as well. To be honest we are a bit over 5 star hotels but if you want one then this is the place in Honolulu.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnySanClemente
<Content>What a Letdown! For forty years I have heard what a wonderful property this was. From its origins as the Kahala Hilton to its reincarnation as the Kahala Mandarin Oriental, friends and family raved about this hotel, so this year we decided to split our two weeks on Oahu between the Halekulani (our second stay) and the Kahala Resort ?what a mistake. After a perfect week at the Halekulani we checked in at the Kahala with much anticipation. As we were escorted to our room we noticed the halls littered with room service carts and trays, as well as cribs and rollaway beds scattered about. Our room ($630 per night rack rate) had seen better days ?peeling wallpaper, stained sofa and chair, chipped tiles in the bath area, and the patio looking out at the dolphin lagoon was so dirty and unappealing, we never even sat outside. With the exception of Hoku restaurant, the entire property is in dire need of maintenance and refurbishment. Rust, broken wood trim, chipped paint, torn screens, worn carpet and furnishings in the public areas are the norm; if you expect more, youl be disappointed.Housekeeping service was spotty and inconsistent as was the rest of the service. Sometimes we could find someone who would be cordial and accommodating, other times staff and management was preoccupied, inattentive, and downright unresponsive to guests needs. Don be fooled by the advertised ?pm check-out?with the Sunrise Package. Although the hotel was not fully booked and after promises of t shouldn be any problem to accommodate you,?we were told the day of our departure that the only way we could stay is if we paid a half a days room rate, otherwise oul need to be out no later than noon.?The desk clerk was very matter of fact and the front desk manager would not even take time to speak with us. We were not the only disappointed and unhappy guests; while we chose to pack up and check our bags at the bell stand while we stayed for the day at the pool and beach awaiting our late evening flight out, others we spoke with had checked out and had their luggage with them poolside all day!The most consistent part of the Kahala seems to be the food and beverage department. Dinner at Hoku was outstanding and the service was friendly and efficient. The breakfast buffet at Plumeria offered a nice selection (at over $65 for two including tax and gratuity, one would hope so) and the service was adequate. Overall it was a disappointing way to end an otherwise lovely vacation on Oahu. You can be sure that when we visit Oahu in the future wel return to the Halekulani.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaiian Nightmare!! My husband and I went to Hawaii to celebrate our third anniversary. We chose to stay at the Kahala based on its rating and although we read the horrible reviews before we booked the room, we decided to give it a chance anyway. What a mistake!! It was obvious upon entering the hotel that it needed some major updating, it was not exactly what I had expected for $550.00 a night but at that point I still had hope that I would be blown away with the service or perhaps our amazing view, mistake # 2! When we got to our room it smelled of mold and was in desperate need of repair. The wallpaper was peeling from spots on the wall, there were ants in the bathroom and worn paint throughout the room. The canopy that hung over our bed was torn and there were areas of the bathroom that appeared to be filthy. I am not exaggerating. Believe me, I wish I were. We contacted the management, who acknowledged that there had been a deterioration in the property, that they were in the process of getting ideas together for remodeling and offered to move us to another room, sadly, it was under the same conditions, except we had a worse view than our original room. We then asked management if we could move to a newer part of the hotel and they explained to us that we WERE in the newer part, (the Dolphin lagoon area.) Thus began our vacation, which consisted of poor service, (it took 30 minutes to get an umbrella and the same amount of time to get a server poolside, that is IF the pool was open, as it was closed one day.) a dissapointing dinner at Hoku, and service that was far less than five stars. I could go on and on, but the fact is that our stay at the Kahala nearly ruined our vacation. Instead of creating an atmosphere of luxury and and five star service, the Kahala makes you feel as if your in a hotel who's hayday has come and gone, (i.e. the weathered picture of celebrities from the early eighties still proudly dispalyed on the walls) and refuses to acknowledge it. The Kahala is a 3 star hotel AT BEST and it's time for the owner and management to acknowledge this and either close for full remodeling or bite the bullet and change it's prices to reflect it's severe deterioration.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed I booked our reservation back when it was still part of the Mandarin chain and didn't believe that in few months time that that much could change. However, after arriving I felt right away that this was certainly no Mandarin hotel. When you pay as much as you do for these rooms, I'd expect the service to be at least up to Four Seasons standard, but it was far from it. Everyone was friendly and seemed to have good intentions, but any request we had was not carried out by the staff with any sense of urgency - we usually had to call 2-3x before someone would help us. We asked for help with travel plans, they directed us to the business center to take care of it ourselves. Though probably more relaxing than Waikiki, is it worth the extra couple hundred dollars a night when you're not going to get much better service or amenities?  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BigdaddyJules
<Content>Kahala is a Hawaiian word that means"very overrated" Where do I begin to express my disappoinment? Should I start with my dark, out dated, moldy room (which was a $600+ per night suite of the Dolphin Lagoon), or should I begin with the pool which was on a par with a Motel 6? The signature restauraunt, Hoku's, is touted as one of Honolullu's top 5 restaurants. The sushi tasted like it came out of a bait bucket. Kahala is on the list of Leading Hotel's of the World. I've been lucky enough to stay at a number of hotels on this list and can say with a great deal of certainty that Kahala has no place on this list. We stayed at the Four Seasons in Maui prior to arriving at the Kahala. There, we expereinced a true 5 star experience and property. Had I paid $250 a night and had the Kahala been billed as a 3 to 4 star resort, I wouldn't complain. But Kahala seeks to compare itself to those other properties and this is a gross and flagarant misrepresentation. This property needs a complete overhaul, the rooms desperately need updating and the pool (which was closed our last day there) must be redone. The staff tries to do what they can. They are courteous and the service is prompt. But in the final analysis, they cannot ressurect this dying old man of a hotel. Please don't make the same mistake I did and waste your money.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>djgordon
<Content>sad decline i would tend to agree with the recent negative reviews,,this is a beautiful, but slipping, property,,,Overall, the staff seemed distracted and uncertain, in one case, clearly the uncertainty regarded the future plans of management. The pool is in the process of removing cabanas, resulting in the temporary loss of one third the pool space and a lack of shade and umbrellas. I agree with the reviewer who indicated that the Plumeria had declined. In addition to mediocre food, the staff seemed confused, In fact, overall, their seemed to be a lack of management oversight, resulting in confused and somewhat distracted employees, many of whom we remembered from previous trips. The signature restaurant, Hoku, reopened after remodeling, and once again, although the food was quite good the service was confused and distracted ( how can they forget to open the wine?).The rooms are still delightful, but a major upgrade is in order.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Since New Owner, Dissappointing As the Kahala Mandarin Oriental, this was among the top three places to stay and visit on Oahu and my favorite. Since the Mandarin Oriental sold the hotel, however, it has been a disappointment. The location is still prime and the rooms are lovely but the extra amenities that make a hotel superior are disappearing. The staff still tries its best, but seems to be demoralized. The Plumeria Cafe, which was one of the best places to eat in Honolulu (both for hotel guests and others), is now mediocre at best. Gone is the 'legendary' and delicious lunch and dinner buffet which has been replaced by a limited and tasteless menu. You are better off leaving the premises for your meals and going to the Honolulu Academy or any other venue for excellent food. (By the way, Tokyo, Tokyo--another in-hotel restaurant was equally mediocre in taste and service)The spa too is no longer what it used to be--too many changes and uncertainties. Trully disappointing to see what once was one of the best, most beautiful and relaxing hotels on Oahu loose its lustre. The Kahala Mandarin Oriental was worth every penny; the new Legendary Kahala is well overpriced for what it offers. Sorry.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jerseysurf
<Content>paradise lost After 15 years of visiting this property, I have seen it for the last time. It is recently under new ownership and management, and the transition has been anything but seamless. When I arrived, I was not greeted as a return guest, even though I have stayed there 9 times in the last 15 years. Then after checking into my room, the bathroom garbage had not been emptied from the guest before me. The manager was very apologetic, and removed it right away. When I made my way to the pool, I was saddened to see that many of the employees I have become familiar with had not been kept during the transition. More astounding at the pool, was the fact that the kiosk was actually selling pens for $1. This was a 5-star hotel (down-graded to 4-star in Dec. 2005) and know they are selling simple ink pens for $1. These are the same pens that are in the rooms, and that are located throughout the hotel. I can't think of a more nickel-and-dime move. It was clear that the workers at the pool were new, and probably never worked in that setting before. There was constantly a manager or supervisor assisting them, seeming to hold their hand through every kayak rental or snorkel purchase. When I went to the fitness center(which has great equipment) for a Yoga class at 10 A.M., I was told by the girl behind the counter, the instructor did not show up, I'm really sorry but class is cancelled. This was a disappointment, however I just did my own yoga stretches, and felt better about my vacation. The property is so beautiful, and that remains even though they are removing trees it seems like everyday. I just felt like I got to a different hotel when I got there. I traveled over 5000 miles from the East Coast to go to what was my favorite place in the United States. There are more Californians who stay at this hotel that people from the east coast, so I think it is time for my Hawaii experience to move to another island, perhaps the big island of Hawaii or Kauai. If you are a frequent guest of the Kahala Hotel, you will see first hand of what I am writing about. What used to feel like a home in paradise, now feels like a large, unfamiliar space on a beautiful tract of land.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the dolphins The sight of 6 beautiful Dolphins working 8 hrs a day to entertain tourists spoiled the whole experience for me. They are impossible to avoid, in the Hotel grounds .They are photographed kissing tourists and must perform tricks with food as a reward and I dont understand that anyone believes that tourists have a right to entrap and keep captive such wonderful creatures, just because they like to look at them and laugh at their antics. Very depressing .  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>1	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel, unbelievable staff!!! A wonderful resort that surpassed our expectations (which were pretty high, based on other reviews). The restaurants were outstanding, the rooms were spacious, the beach was beautiful (and there was plenty of space for everyone), the dolphins on site were spectacular, the workout area was clean and had super equipment, the grounds were immaculate, and the views were spectacular.However, despite our tremendous impression of the hotel itself, the area that outshone all of that was the incredible staff. Everybody - the front desk personnel, the valets, the bellhops, the restaurant servers, the housekeeping staff - all seemed to always have smiles on their faces and a friendly word whenever they passed by (often calling the guests by name). They went above and beyond on everything. They were anxious to help in any way possible, from printed directions to about anywhere on the island to following up to make sure all was taken care of. There were so many little things that they did that would appear insignificant, but they added so much to the enjoyment of our trip. When we return to Oahu in the future, we would not think of staying anywhere else. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet, relaxed setting but easy access to Waikiki (10 minutes away) and Honolulu. Simply a wonderful resort and overall experience.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel147
<Content>Pleasant stay at the Kahala Memorial Day weekend at the Kahala was very pleasant. The hotel is beautiful with an impressive lobby, lounge, and gardens. It's in an upcale, low key neighborhood that is only a 10 minute drive to Waikiki, but a world away in feel. I was impressed by the room....spacious and well furnished. We had a standard room, but it felt like a jr suite. The minibar was strange.....just filled with water, and if you wanted anything else you had order and pay for it in advance.....which kind of takes away the convenience of the minibar. Housekeeping was excellant. We ate Cabanas, Plumeria, and Honu's....the food ranged from good to excellant. Their signature restaurant, Hoku's was closed for renovations. Service at the Veranda lounge and in pool area was hit or miss, sometimes extremely attentive and other times nonexistant. The front door staff/valet was excellent. The concierge staff was also very good. The hotel has an artificial lagoon with several dolphins, and they were fun to watch. You can pay for an upclose encounter, but I don't know if the dolphins really appreciate that. Overall I would give this hotel four and a half stars.....I think it's the most upscale in Honolulu....I liked it more than the Halekulani....and except for a few service issues, it was a very nice stay.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The room was amazing! My childrenhusband arranged a belated Mother's Day stay at the hotel for mei felt like royalty during my stay. The chocolate was so good that was waiting for me when i entered the room. I had dinner at the Plumeria restaurantdrinks at the cabanas. The room was so beautifuli had a wonderful stayplan on going back again.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MJMikey
<Content>IF you like Luxury Kahala is a wondefully romantic hotel without alot of noise and people. If you love dolphins, baby honu, and stingrays this hotel has them all. The room we had was very pleasant with a fourposter canopied bed and a sunken tub. The service was wonderful. The best we have had in Hawaii since we live here and have visited alot of resorts.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eightydegrees
<Content>What a change for the better We stayed here for five nights in March. We were a bit nervous because of the previous reviews but decided to give it a shot. We are glad we did. We had booked a mountain view with balcony and were happy with it until we had a flooding problem on the lanai. We were there for the torrential rains and it seemed that our lanai had a backwards pitch to it. They came with a wet vac and emptied it twice but it still flooded. The front desk said they didn't have anything until the next day. We were concerned because we had paid for a lanai we couldn't use so we called the general manager. Mr. Tim Lee was so gracious. He found a room right away and we moved our room. It was an ocean view with balcony and it was beautiful.The room was very nice. It was pretty big and in much better shape than our previous room. From then on the hotel couldn't do enough for us. We met and talked with Mr. Lee and most of his staff. They kept asking us if there was anything else they could do for us. How wonderful it was to feel so special. We mostly ate in-room because of the rain. It was perfection. We had te same woman deliver our in room service each night and she was delightful. Her name was Rosemarie. If you ever want a cheery experience when you have in-room delivered ask for her. We wanted to take her home with us.We had one sunny day and decided to do the trolley tour of the coastline. We loved it. They took us to haunama bay, the blowhole, sandy beach and the beach from Here to Eternity. That was one of our highlights. We watched the dolphins in the lagoon at the hotel. The kept us entertained in spite of the rain. We ate at Hoku's at the hotel one night and it turned into a party. We are Hawaii five-O fanatics. Jack Lord and his wife used to eat there all the time so we started asking questons of the staff. We all starting trading what tidbits we knew about the show and Jack Lord. Before we knew it we had almost the whole restaurant staff at our table talking about Hawaii Five-O. It was three hours later when we finally left and went back to our room. That was really fun. We went to Waikiki one day and ate at the cheesecake factory. It was excellent, but we couldn't wait to get back to the hotel. The construction in Waikiki makes it look like a bomb went off down there. Nobody was swimming because of the sewerage that was dumped into the Ali Wai canal and then onto the beaches. Thank --- we didn't swim there!.Overall, the stay was incredible. They have new staff who are so nice and do everything they can to make it a pleasant stay. We wish every Hawaiian hotel had Mr. Tim Lee as their general manager and Rosemarie Tom to serve every meal. The hotel is going under a major renovation very soon. We got that sraight from Tim Lee. It will be even better than it is now. We are a bit soured on Oahu right now because of the construction and the politics involved in dumping all that sewerage, so we don't know if we will go back to Oahu anytime soon, but if and when we do, we will stay at the Kahala Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SmartTraveller
<Content>The Kahala -- a little piece of paradise!       Sitting Area in Room  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!       View from room #101  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My wife and I could stay here forever       View of room from beach  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pleasantpeninsula
<Content>5 stars (in our opinion)       Bedroom area  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Kahala Hotel and Resort I wasn't so impressed with this hotel. Many people thought that this hotel was really good...well, I learned the truth.1) When we checked in, we were supposed to have a dolphin lagoon view TWO DOUBLE BEDS. Well, when we went inside our room, there was only a single king size bed. I was really annoyed because this happened at the Fairmont Orchid, in Big Island, Hawaii as well.2) The noise insulation was very poor. On the day we were going to check out, I was awakened by people next door. They were really loud.3) The layout of the room was horrible and crowded! The TV was just sitting in the middle of nowhere, and the desk was right next to one of the living room chairs.4) The toilet flush was noisy and loud. My kids had to run from the toilet back inside the room because they were scared of it.5) When I looked outside the window, guess what? I couldn't see a dolphin lagoon anywhere!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TXTravelcrazy
<Content>the BEST place to stay on Oahu!       View from a "Ridge View" room - Nice!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dietz
<Content>Very happy with our choice We loved it - the service, attention to detail - it's far from the city madness - I cannot imagine a vacation in Honolulu. Not exatly cheap - but worth every penny in my opinion. Yes, some furniture in the room could use some tune up - but it's so minor compared to the beauty of these place that it' not worth much mentioning.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but pricey My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and the rest of our vacation in Kauai. I must admit it is a very nice hotel, although they need to work on a few things. Like I read in some of the reviews, the rooms could use some improvements, examples: the rugs are kind of dingy and worn, there were some dark smoke looking marks on our ceiling, and it could be a little more modern. Yet, all in all it was a very nice room. It had his/her bathrooms, wood flooring, 4-post bed. We had a ridge-view room overlooking a man-made waterfall, it was nice to leave the sliding door open and listen to it at night. The day after we got there they actually changed the hotel to just The Kahala because of new management. I'm assuming they will spruce up the rooms, (I've heard the hotel has been there since the 60's). The pool yes is very small; we did not go in it, although we felt it and it was heated. The dolphins, turtles, stingrays, and fish were nice to watch, and the beach was very secluded. We ate lunch at the Plumeria, very good. I had the Oriental Chicken salad, and french fries, which were both very yummy lol. Yes, valet parking is $22 a day, which is a little crazy considering the prices you are already paying for the room! but oh-well.. better get used to it, we paid $35 for 7 hours parking at a near by hotel! So... I do recommend this hotel if you have big-bucks to have all the pampering, and eat their food- breakfast/lunch/ and dinner (we for the most part ate else where because of the prices) Although The Kahala is very expensive and needs a few things fixed, it was a nice hotel, and we had a fun experience. (We also saw this hotel on the travel channel while in Kauai).  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not believe the bad experiences Kahala is beautiful Ok I was reading some reviews and was appalled to see others had such a bad experience, when I stayed here it was before a horrid Norwegian cruise. When my wife and I look back this was the highlight right from the walk in we were greeted with leis and given a complimentary drink, as our room was not ready but it was only 11am so it was understandable especially with the comp drinks. My wife and I walked around and checked the hotel out when we got to the spa the lady at the desk asked if we wanted a tour we had time so we accepted she took us through the facilities and we bumped into Sayed from ABC's Lost. She gave us some great tropical fruit flavored water and informed us about classes and available times. By this time our room was ready. We returned to the front desk and the attendant realized I was a DJ and had printed up some directions and information to a show they were having in town later that evening to suggest something to do. I never mentioned I was a DJ but she figured it out and suggested it anyway. We went to the room and it was excellent no problems at all. Nice clean sheets six pillows in the room, a CD player so I did not need to unpack mine and our room patio overlooked the dolphin lagoon. The tub fit both me and my wife. Later that evening we walked from the room and they an employee greeted me and my wife by name even though we never met him that is service. We later had dinner at the cabanas and had a local fish special it was very good only complaint is it had a couple small bones here and there but it was de-boned at the table so it was expected. I ordered an older scotch and they had to run to another bar to get it but it was there so fast they did not have to tell me they had to do so. The next day we sat around at the beach and it was great there were some free recliners for us to sit in and enjoy the sun. We ordered a fruit basket and experienced the best fruit in the world dragon fruit or Pitaya and lychee both new to us and very delicious. The water was calm and felt heated. The service for drinks out on the beach was prompt and well mixed. Overall the service was more professional and courteous than pebble beach in northern ca and by far better than the cruise we went on afterward. I would mention the hotels beauty but you are in Hawaii so compared to most mainland cities you will be in paradise. I would recommend a stay here to anyone as it was five stars excellent.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bubu52
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(23052990, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(22291503, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>namisuki
<Content>   showReview(21395519, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21364997, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saki29
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21364168, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>
<Content>   showReview(21352922, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>norinori5
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(21268714, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>likeaswallow
<Content>       ?/a>  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>?> ?</a> </div>
<Content>The HOTELL       ?/a>  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>eskacci
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(20889204, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>uni2004
<Content>   showReview(20529819, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fadh
<Content>Le meilleur htel d'Oahu   showReview(19910083, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>?> ?</a> </div>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19242024, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19229143, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19914790, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Team777
<Content>Keine 5 Sterne wert   showReview(18548344, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19171117, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19170812, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19168403, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wern01
<Content>Tolles neu renoviertes Zimmer, dezenter Service   showReview(12957379, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19167999, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19167267, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19166803, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19166502, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19163310, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19161357, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19161132, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>10...   showReview(21801066, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19157112, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19155869, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19155608, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19930439, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19930315, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19928285, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19928266, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19927849, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19927078, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>221?..   showReview(19926978, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19926780, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19926193, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19925532, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19923556, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(19922234, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921657, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19921115, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19920169, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19920122, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2?..   showReview(19919158, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(19918089, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917989, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917659, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917547, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19917214, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

