<Author>Herkbert
<Content>Terrific hotel, great location       Bathrroom sink area  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>eap-cruiser
<Content>Great Hotel, excellent location       This is the view from our hotel room balcony! that's the louvre  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Michigan2009
<Content>Loved the Hotel Brighton My sisters and I (from the US) met cousins from Scotland in Paris for a holiday. We searched for the perfect location, wanted 2 triple rooms and wanted something not to small. The ranking of this hotel (57 on Trip Advisor) helped us make a decision.Location was fabulous, near Le Metro, the views spectacular (upgrade and request a room with a view if you can) and the staff was very nice. Our room 310 was very spacious and from the room you can see the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre, and the Tuileries Gardens are directly across the street.Would stay here again in a hearbeat!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>charnwoodfield
<Content>Stay here Have just returned from two nights at the Hotel Brighton. The location is superb and the hotel staff were very friendly and did all that was asked. It was my wife's birthday so I purchased a VIP Welcome pack. It was a bottle of champagne and some of the most lovely flowers that I have ever seen. So lovely that they came home with us on Eurostar and are still blooming in our lounge!!Our room was on the top floor with a small balony that gave fantastic views over Paris. Perhaps some would find the room small by some four star hotel standards and the English language TV channels were limited, but you don't go to Paris to sit in your hotel room and watch TV!! The location, rate and ambience made up for those minor negatives.I would rate our experience here as excellent as we were able to walk to all the major sights and there are plenty of shops, bars and restaurants near by.The downside for we Brits is the shocking state of the pound versus the Euro. It made it quite an expensive stay - but you can't put a price on keeping a lovely wife happy.I would certainly reccomend this hotel. We booked directly with the hotel group via the web and would stay there again without any doubt..  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>motherbored
<Content>Lovely The Hotel Brighton is a lovely, charming hotel perfectly located in the heart of Paris.We booked an apartment that had a modest-size bedroom, full bath, and separate small living room with a pullout couch. There was plenty of room for all of us throughout our entire stay. This room configuration and size were perfect as we were traveling with our college-age daughter. The room had been recently updated; was clean; and quiet (we had an inside courtyard apt). Our room included two flat-screen TVs, a refrigerator, safe, full bath (with two sinks), tub, shower, separate toilet area, hair dryer, and plenty of closet space. WiFi Internet was available in the room using a prepaid internet card purchased at the front desk. Only nits: Shower was weak and took 10 minutes to get any hot water and cable television went down.The staff was wonderfully helpful and welcoming. Anytime we needed anything, they provided it to us in a friendly, expedient manner: restaurant recommendations, taxi, directions, etc.The hotel is located near EVERYTHING: across the street from the Metro, Tuileries Garden, the Louvre, L'orangerie, and Jeu de Paume museums. Walking distance to great restaurants, bateau mouche, and amazing shopping. Tips: Rue Ste. Honore, one street away, has all the couture shopping anyone would ever need. We enjoyed dining casually at the Imperial Cafe one block away. We also loved Le Souffle (fabulous to have appetizers, entrees and desserts prepared as souffles) and Il Cortile (a fine Italian restaurant located in the Hotel Castille).One last tip: Be sure to purchase a museum card, which is a prepaid advance ticket that gets you into almost all Parisian museums. The card can be purchased for a variety of days and is activated (by writing the date on the back) as soon as you use it the first time. We purchased ours on the afternoon we arrived at the Notre Dame Cathedral, because there is barely a line at the ND ticket booth. If you purchase the card at any of the museums, you'll have to wait on a long, serpentine line. The museum card can be also purchased online (takes 10 days to mail), or at the Paris airports. Once you get the card, you enter all museums via a separate entrance on a short line. Be sure to check your coats--you'll roast in the museums.Be sure to have hot chocolate and a pastry at Angelina's Salon du The, which is located four doors down from the Hotel Brighton on Rue Rivoli--It is unbelievably scrumptious! Be sure to go before 3PM, because the place is a zoo afterwards. Last word of advice: I purchased lovely cookies at Angelina's while in Paris; and, like a good citizen, checked YES are you bringing any food item into the US? Well, had I known I would have to stand on an additional customs' line because I had food (cookies). I would have left the yummy treats with the hotel staff. Goodness, Uncle Sam, was that necessary?We really had a great trip, and would go back to Hotel Brighton again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Writer/Director
<Content>Perfect and lovely       view of Musee D'Orsay from window  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LadyDero
<Content>Exactly What We Wanted! This was our first trip to Paris, and we wanted a special hotel with a view of the Eiffel Tower. This is exactly what we got. We booked a Prestige Room and had a spectacular view from our balcony! It couldn't have been more romantic. The room was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was large and had two sinks which was very nice when getting ready in the morning. My only complaint was that the bed didn't have the most comfortable mattress. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, making dinner reservations and arranging for taxis. If (when!) we ever return to Paris, we'll definitely stay at the Hotel Brighton.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PrivateEquity
<Content>Excellent location, very good hotel The hotel is in a great location. Within easy walking distance of 7 of the top 10 attractions in Paris. The hotel is a great value as two hotels nearby were atleast 50% more expensive.We stayed at the hotel twice during our three week trip. The interior view rooms are very quiet but lack screens on the windows (good choice if first arriving and are jet lagged). The exterior view rooms have spectacular views but have some traffic noise from the busy street below even when the windows are closed (great way to finish the trip). Both rooms had recently been remodeled and were fair sized. The staff is generally helpful (except Cynthia who started our trip on a negative note) and their level of knowledge about the area is good. I would avoid the breakfast as numerous alternatives exist on adjacent side streets.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jokero
<Content>Unbeatable Location! Can't recommend this hotel strongly enough. We booked a prestige room as we wanted a view - and a view we got. The room was really big by European standards and bathroom brand new and very comfortable (shower  separate bath). With the balcony doors closed we couldn't hear a peep. The reception staff were extremely helpful and attentive. The location of the hotel is unbeatable.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>FeritCiva
<Content>Don't Miss This One! Ok, I'm used to really small rooms  bathrooms in Paris. This city is really expensive; so normally I rather book some 3* hotel around Chatelet - Les Halles area. This time as I found a good price on Hotel Brighton's own website, I decided to try it. Well it was a perfect choice! Paris had some bad surprises for us as heavy rain on August but even that caused no problem because Louvre Museum was literally across the street, Buddha Bar and other great cafes/restaurants were all around (recommended restaurant: Cafe Roc, a few blocks to Louvre-side). The hotel itself is a basic one (I'd say 3*) but really clean  nice rooms. And most important; the biggest bathroom I've seen in a Paris hotel (we had a superior room). We didn't try the breakfast as it's always pleasure to have your coffee  crossaint on a typical Paris cafe. As an overall experience, this fine hotel is highly recommended for it's unrivaled location, clean  spacey rooms.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>VitaDolce
<Content>Fabulous Experience! I brought a friend to Paris who had never been there before so I was looking for a great location at an affordable price. I had been to Paris before myself and experienced other hotels.Hotel Brighton was a fabulous experience! We stayed in Room 409 which was a prestige room with 2 balconies with a view and a large bathroom.The staff was very helpful and friendly but special kudos to Mohammed! His friendly smile and warm greeting whenever we saw him made us feel known and appreciated. The hotel had a lovely lobby and breakfast room and the rooms and beds were comfortable and clean. The bathroom was spacious! From our balconies we could see the Tuilleries gardens, Eiffel Tower and the Louvre! Every night before we went to sleep we watched the Eiffel Tower sparkle.More importantly, the location was the best! One block from the Metro and in walking distance to museums, shopping and cafes made it easy to get around. It was enjoyable to walk out the door and have so much available to us. For a special treat, a block away is Angelinas - great for breakfast or special desserts and hot chocolate.We also paid a 3 star price for a 4 star hotel. In between a couple of four and five star hotels on that street we got a fabulous experience for an affordable price.I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LondonAmy27
<Content>Not what I was expecting...       The appalling state of the sheets - you can see a couple of the blood spots and holes!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>faceoff84
<Content>This should be a 4* hotel! I recently stayed at the Hotel Brighton for 3 nights and I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay for either location, comfort and service.As I was travelling alone, I was conscience of where I was going to be staying as I didn't want to travel through any quiet side roads making my way back to my hotel and this hotel seemed to be pretty central and when I arrived it was perfect. Situated on one of the busiest roads in Paris (Rue de Rivoli) it was almost in the thick of it! What with the Jardin des Tuileries across the road and the Louvre literally only a 2 minute walk from the hotel.I also chose to walk to some of the other major destinations (as apposed to travelling by taxi or the underground metro) such as the Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower and Notre Dame - although these are bit further out it is still 'do-able' and, in my opinion, the best way to travel through Paris as you won't miss any of the breathtaking sights to be seen.On arrival the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming and couldn't do enough to help. I was shown to my room and was very pleasantly surprised to find a very reasonably sized room, with double bed and decent view of the gardens opposite with double windowed doors. As a single traveller, I wasn't expecting such a decently sized room - let alone a double bed! Although on a busy steeet, the windows are secondry glazed, blocking out the noise from the street below-which I was concerned about after a busy day sightseeing!Everything in the room was immaculate right down from the shower to the carpet and it was cleaned daily.I did notice this is a very eco-friendly hotel, which stands in its favour also. As I exited my room for the first time I was a bit daunted to see that the lights were off in the corrider, only to discover that as I stepped into it the lights turned on....it was an energy saving technique. Reqests for conserving energy are requested throughout the room, and politely requested at that.Breakfast is available at an additional cost and is served between 7am and 11am, which is ideal as I'm sure many couples visiting Paris would appreciate a lie in! Breakfast was in a buffet style and consisted of a variety of bread rolls, pastrys, cheeses, hams, boiled eggs, fruit salad and several jams and fruit juices and coffee/tea/chocolate was served upon seating. Generally, a continental breakfast. Although not a personal favourite of mine, I can not deny that there was certainly enough choice each day for people who do enjoy this type of dining. There is also an option to have your breakfast delivered to your room and at your chosen time too - again, ideal for those couples wanting a lie in.All in all, my experience of the Hotel Brighton, couldn't have been better and I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WearyTraveler-7
<Content>great location and staff First, let me say that this hotel was a direct result of research on tripadvisor.com. The location is unbeatable, the staff very helpful and friendly, the rooms are large and beds comfortable. The metro stop (line 1) is across the street.We went there with our two children and stayed in a courtyard apartment and stayed for four nights. Two big rooms, large bathtub, separate shower and two sinks. The kids loved it and so did we.The staff was very good and responsive to all our queries. We had the breakfast at the hotel and it was inline with what we got at other places. There are a couple of cafes just outside which also serve breakfast and coffee if you need.I would definitely recommend this hotel to all who visit Paris.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jmlparis
<Content>Incredible position - you know you are in Paris! My husband and I lived in Paris for two years, so when we go back we usually stay in apartments. This time, we had only two nights so decided to stay in a hotel. The Brighton has been recommended to me and I had inspected it when I lived in Paris, so knew exactly what to expect.It really is one of the best located hotels in Paris for the price. For more than double you can stay at the Meurice only a few doors up and stay in a much smaller room (though admittedly more luxurious). But, remember, you are in Paris - you won't spend all your time in your room! Having said that, our room was huge - big king size bed, large armoire, plenty of space, two windows and a narrow balcony running the entire length of the large room. The bathroom had twin basins, a separate shower and bath, and a separate toilet. I choose a large room with a balcony on the fourth floor to ensure that we would be high enough to see over the trees of the Tuileries and to enjoy the incredible view. And incredible it is -you are opposite the Tuileries Gardens, with Musee D'Orsay in the background - the Louvre to the left, the Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe on the right. We absolutely loved it and you definitely know you are in the heart of Paris at such a fabulous location. We skipped the hotel breakfast and went over to the gardens to have breakfast from the Paul patisserie cart at the Louvre end. They have tables set up with a coffee machine - superb! The staff were very helpful. We had huge amounts of luggage and the porter was great. All very couteous, friendly and welcoming. No negative experiences at all. But, do ask for a high room with a balcony - so much nicer being about to step outside to feel Paris and well as see it.And did I mention the location???? Opposite the Tuileries metro stop, so if you can't walk somewhere, just jump on a metro. Also, there were always plenty of taxis available.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mvtourist
<Content>Great Hotel in Fabulous Location I saw a review of this hotel in National Geographic and it looked perfect for a short stay in Paris. I was concerned by the number of comments about the unhelpful staff and decided to risk it seeing as our stay was short. However, I wanted to write a review to say that the staff at this hotel were great. My husband and I and our 5 year old daughter had a very large room with a nice bathroom with separate shower (room 202). The room was very clean and tastefully decorated. The location is amazing - we had no problem getting here on the metro from Gare du Nord. The staff let us check in early and were always very helpful when we asked for restaurant recommendations or directions or needed a taxi. A suggestion - at least try and speak French instead of assuming (probably correctly) that everyone can speak English and I am sure your reception will be very friendly. The nearby Rue St Honere is wonderful for shopping and lots of good restaurants nearby - try Angelinas for sure for breakfast or just an afternoon tea.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>abarro
<Content>Great Hotel Our family stayed at the Hotel Brighton for 4 nights in a junior suite on the 3rd floor with a balcony overlooking the Tulierie Gardens. I would highly recommend a room with a balcony as you can walk onto the balcony (though it is very narrow) and see the Louvre (across the street), Eiffel Tower in the distance and as far as the Arc de Triomphe. We had a very large renovated room that had plenty of space for us and all our luggage. Bathrooms are also newly rated. Though you are overlooking a very busy street, the sound proof windows do a good job of muffling the noise down to a dull roar.There is no lobby, per se, just an area with a small reception desk and a reading room just behind reception.The staff are top notch, courteous and extremely helpful with providing directions to all the sights (Metro is across the road). they also sell the Museum Pass which allows you to bypass the ticket purchasing lines at the various attractions - though you must still wait in the ticket holder line up.I would also recommend buying breakfast at the hotel for 10 Euros as you can eat and drink as much as you want versus buying one croissant and a single coffee at a cafe for the same price. Breakfasts were very good.I would highly recommend this hotel for its location and room conditions.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Excitedtraveler17
<Content>A Paris gem This is a small hotel in a fabulous location! It's right on the Rue de Rivoli next to some of the best hotels in Paris. The rooms are very nice recently redone, and the bathrooms have been recently redone as well. The only drawback is that the shower is hand held. The tubs are very nice though and, with a little ingenouity you can shower. We had a small balcony and french doors over looking the Tulierie gardens. The Louvre is only 2 blocks down the street and the other direction 3 blocks or so is the Place de Concorde which leads to the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, and the Champs de Lyse. We were able to walk everywhere, if you don't mind walking a bit. We also had 2 tour bus locations right nearby for easy access.Also, two blocks away is the Place de St. Honore which has about 10 fabulous restaurants, including an Italian one, off by itself in a corner which is very large because there is a downstairs, and has some of the best Italian food we've ever eaten. The whole family loved it here! I would definately stay here again.!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ivanciment
<Content>Excellent Hotel -- The Reviews are on Target I came across this hotel in National Geographic Traveler which cited it as best value in Paris and your other reviewers seconded it. Very happy camper. Hotel is perfectly located and rooms are totally quiet even thought the hotel overlooks a busy street; I took a Junior Suite which was very good. No amenity that I needed wasn't there. I wouldn't mind BBC World on the TV though; they do have CNN. Breakfast is a good deal there and it was excellent. They are tops on service; people went the extra mile for me during my 2 night stay. I needed cash to pay my taxi from the airport; the desk clerk lent me the money till I could get cash later. Concierge sent me a letter with details I needed to know where to buy something. I would definitely want to return but the lack of connecting rooms could be a problem if I come back with wife and kids and don't know where I will fit them since there are no 2 bedroom suites in this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sebx
<Content>Very agreeable central stay       view from the room 2  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sword1
<Content>Simply Brilliant, Brilliantly Simple We (two couples) stayed at the Brighton for 2 nights 20/21st June, last weekend. You cannot fault this gem. The location is perfect, just opposite the Jardin des Tuileries and within 5 minutes walk of The Louvre, Concorde  Place Vendome. In addition the metro across the road will take you very quickly to any other destination in Paris. The hotel is basic in amenities so if you need all the bells and whistles then look elsewhere but in terms of having a very comfortable base from which to explore Paris in the knowledge that on your return you can relax in reasonable comfort then the Brighton is perfect.Reception staff are very friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. The rooms while not massive are of a good size with a fine bathroom (double sink) and good size double bed. Better than average storage space is provided along with a free safe in your room. Our room overlooked the courtyard but as we spend little time in our hotel rooms this made no difference to us - if you insist on a view then perhaps ask for a room to the front. Rooms were made up both days and fresh towels provided. My only minor gripe would be that our shower fitting did not attach to the wall (although our friends one did) but this does not detract from the very pleasant experience we had. I would return no problem and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>janice67
<Content>Perfect for a weekend break My husband and I and another couple stayed here for two nights in March 2008. It's location is second to none. Many of the key attractions are within walking distance (eg. Louvre, Musee D'Orsay) and a well-connected Metro station is 2 minutes walk away. Our room was relatively small (often the case in Paris), but clean, comfortable and well-decorated, with all the facilities we needed. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, but the hotel staff gave us complimentary coffees in the lounge while we waited for it to be made up. We didn't eat in the hotel because there are plenty of places for a cheaper breakfast nearby. We had a standard room with no view. For a longer stay it may have been worth upgrading to a high-floor room at the front of the building, but with just three days to explore we decided to spend our time in Paris, not looking at it!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>chgreen
<Content>Made a good choice in this hotel!       Our Standard 2 twim bed room at Hotel Brighton  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NZHolly
<Content>Awesome location, Comfy Beds, Great Views  This is our second visit to the Hotel Brighton as we liked it so much, our family of 4 (Mum, Dad, 2 daughters) stayed in October 2003 as well. They were renovating then, but have finished now and it is really looking great - lovely reception area and dining room, lovely large room and huge bathroom with everything you could require! The location is fabulous, right across the road from the Tuileries Garden  a metro stop, a few minutes to the Louvre or the Place de la Concorde ... not to mention the beautiful shops, and even a MacDonalds!We found the staff to be very helpful, and we will definitely return there if we go to Paris again - can't beat that view of the Eiffel Tower out of the window!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tammy65
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jcb4
<Content>great location, watch your belongings The view is great (if you have a room facing the Tuileries). But watch your belongings. A significant amount of cash disappeared from my bag while stored for an afternoon in their baggage room. Management was less than helpful. Blamed me for leaving cash in the bag. Did not propvide any assistance - like contacting police. Management seems to think stealing is OK if the opportunity is there.A tripadvisor memberNew York CityMay 5th, 2008  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Burdi3
<Content>Clean room with great views A friend of mine and I recently stayed at this hotel. The hotel is in a great location near the Louvre and the Tuilleries. We were greeted by two hotel desk employees who were very pleasant and helpful. We requested a high floor and two double beds which we received without any problems. The hotel staff was incredibly helpful as they assisted in organizing a private car hire to the Champagne region for the day. The staff made all of the phone calls and even compared prices with a few private car services. My friend and I did a little price investigating out on our own and when we returned back to the hotel for the private car hire search results, the staff was able to secure a car that was much cheaper than we could find with a very knowledgeable driver. We definitely enjoyed the hotel. It was incredibly clean. The beds were firm. The bathroom was a decent size. The views of the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre were amazing.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlondieA
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at this hotel for a week and was very pleased with the location, room, service, and staff. Being located directly across the street from the Tuileries, it is within walking distance of many other attractions including the Place de la Concorde, the Louvre, Opera Garnier, and Place Vendome. In addition, it is just a short walk from the Cityrama office, from which our three tours originated. Many shops and cafes are also nearby, including Angelina (which was excellent). The staff were all very friendly and helpful, even writing down metro directions for us to various places we wanted to visit. We had a courtyard view and paid approximately 172.00 euros per night. The room and bathroom were a nice size (especially by European standards) and were decorated in a style comparable to American hotel chains. The only negative thing I can say about the hotel was the pricey cost of the breakfast buffet. At 16 euros per person, one could do better at Angelina or one of the other nearby restaurants.I recommend this hotel, and I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>snarkyarchy
<Content>Great location, not so great service Our party of three stayed five nights at Hotel Brighton in March 2008 and found the location and room to be great attributes of this hotel, however it was the staff and their service that didn't impress us.It's located on the Rue de Rivoli right across of the Tuileries gardens and in very close proximity to the Louvre and Rue St. Honore. Since we had purchased the 4-day Paris Museum Pass, we could walk to the Louvre and visit a different wing each day and not have to rush through it in one visit. Shopping and eating along Rue St. Honore was convenient and strolling through the Tuileries was a nice respite from touring the sites. A quick walk across the gardens and Seine took you straight to the Musee d'Orsay and the St. Germain district. Also convenient is the Tuileries Metro stop right across the street from the hotel.Our hotel room was beautiful and faced the rear courtyard area. It was a large suite with high ceilings decorated in red and gold. We had two double beds and the couch turned into a bed to accommodate the third person. There was ample wardrobe space, a desk, dining table, and even a small library area with books ranging from travel guides to romance novels. The bathroom was very large with a separate tub and shower, separate toilet, and double vanity with a lot of counter space. Everything was clean and well-kept, even the radiators in the room looked new and were easy to control.Unfortunately the only drawback of this hotel was the staff and the service they provided. Upon our arrival, the front desk attendant was less than welcoming and a bit hostile when I asked if we could get a street side room. Our booking had said courtyard or street side upon availability but he wrote down a number on a piece of paper and said I'd have to pay that amount if I wanted a street side room. Throughout our stay most of the front desk attendants didn't even look up when we entered or exited the hotel or gave a bland bonjour with no smile or interest. A woman attendant wouldn't even mail our postcards and said we'd have to walk to the nearest postal box around the corner.I don't buy the excuse of the stereotypical French attitude because in most of the sites, restaurants and shops we went to, the people were very friendly and helpful. In all of the hotels we stayed in in Italy (where we paid far less) we had wonderful experiences with the staff: in many cases, that is what made the stay so wonderful.To end on a bright spot, the one saving grace of the staff was Kevin who worked the night shift. He was very friendly and helped us book a shuttle ride to the airport. I'd suggest switching him to the day shift.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>paris27
<Content>Fabulous Location!       Eiffel Tower from my room  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Famcruise
<Content>4-star location, 1-star service I booked this hotel for my family based on a recommendation in National Geographic Traveler. I agree that the location is fun and practical if you prefer the Right Bank. The rooms are also adequate and quite roomy by Parisian standards.The service, by contrast, was dreadful. A young blond woman was at the reception when we arrived in the afternoon of March 15; she shoved a form in our face as if she were a bureaucrat in the French Social Security Office. She was equally unfriendly and unhelpful the next day, though she had enough time to snicker and giggle on the phone during what appeared to be a social call with friends.A man named Elio was similarly hostile to us and to other guests.We could barely get anyone at the hotel to make a restaurant reservation. We had no hot water at sporadic points throughout our 4-day stay; although the hotel sent an apology bottle of champagne, they never fixed the problem.Most 4-star hotels in Paris have a concierge, or at least top-notch front-desk staff. This one was a service disaster.I also find the Rue de Rivoli area a bit cold and commercial, though that's of course not the hotel's fault.You can do much better.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>ChrisH3040
<Content>Exceptional service!       The view from our room  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cathersm
<Content>FANTASTIC LOCATION Stayed in this hotel last week. What a fab location!We had a 'tuleries room' over the gardens on the 2nd floor, with panaramic views from the lovre on the left to the eiffel tower on the right. The room had been recently refurbished with huge, immaculate bathroom, massive shower cubicle and seperate bath tub, and double sinks. The room was tastefully french in style with antique furnishings. Could not fault the room and certainly the largest I've stayed in whilst in Paris!The breakfast at 10-16 euro a day was dissapointing, poor choice and not that appetising. For the same money or less we then went a couple of doors down to Angelinas which was the business. The staff were fine - some came across as a little stand offish, but all our needs were met adequately. Would definately stay there again but go out for breakfast!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tric_13
<Content>Couldn't ask for more... Wow - what a great hotel. The location is fantastic, the rooms are beautiful, the staff were friendly, and if you book a room with a balcony (a must) then you have the best views in Paris for a reasonable cost. When standing on our balcony we could see the Louvre to the left, the Jardins de Tuilleries across the road, and the Eiffel Tower would sparkle beautifully every night. It's a great central location on a main road (rue de rivoli), with good access to the Metro. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>IveG0tTheTravelBug
<Content>Great location, comfortable hotel       Right side of room  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jeske
<Content>You can't go wrong Very friendly staff, excellent breakfast buffet, fantastic location, clean, comfortable and spacious room (ours was a 'superior double'). Our room faced the courtyard so it was very quiet and we slept with the window open and didn't hear a noise. If you want great views over the Eiffel Tower and the Jardin Tuileries then ask for a room facing the Rue de Rivoli but it may be a bit noisy if you sleep with the window open. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jastill
<Content>Will definitely recommend to friends! For the tourist this hotel has everything you need - comfortable beds, extremely clean and large (room 316) bathrooms and a terrific location - the Meurice is a few doors up and the Westin just a few more. With metro station Tuileries across the road and Concorde just up the street you can't go wrong. The standard rooms are not large but remember you are in Paris....why stay in your hotel room when there is so much more to do! Try the best hot chocolate ever at Angelina just a few doors up from this great hotel. PS - I really liked the staff who were very helpful with booking our Moulin Rouge tickets and storing our luggage whilst we shopped, shopped, shopped at the SOLDES!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sophieakkg
<Content>Great location, nasty staff I stayed at the Hotel Brighton with my parents, sister, cousin and husband (yes, we were a big party) this summer. The location was perfect, and the rooms were clean and gorgeous. However, the staff was incredibly rude. My husband and I were actually yelled by the front desk clerk at one point when we were having coffee in the lobby because their lobby was not a picnic room. Additionally, even though we told them well in advance how many people there would be, they did not book enough beds. After much trouble, they got my sister a tiny little cot, which barely fit into one of the rooms (did I mention the rooms were a little small?). The breakfast in the morning was terrible. Go to Cafe Angelina a couple west of the hotel instead for heavenly food.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	1	1	

<Author>CaliforniaTraveler19
<Content>Very good hotel in an excellent location This is a very good small hotel in an absolutely excellent location. It is within a short walk of the Louvre, right cross the street from the Toulleries Gardens where you can get very good ice cream and walk around in the late afternoon, and across the street from a Metro station where you can go anywhere in Paris. Some nice restaurants (including Chinese) on the back streets behind the hotel. The staff is very friendly and would do just about anything to help us out, despite not speaking very much English. The breakfast was adequate (the coffee was American style and was very good). The breakfast is not free, though, 10 euros per person. The room was very quiet. It was a junior suite with two flat screen LCD t.v.s on the walls. The bathroom had two sinks and was more than large enough. I would definitely stay here again. The suite gave us the extra room we were needing. This was a once in a lifetime vacation for us, so paying a little extra for the suite was definitely worth it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>CaliforniaElizabeth
<Content>A nice place to stay near the Louvre and Musee d'Orsay My husband and I enjoyed staying at the Hotel Brighton in November 2007. We stayed there our first 2 nights of our first stay in Paris and loved the views of the Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Musee d'Orsay, and Tuilleries from our 4th floor Tuilleries room. The room was large, clean, and comfortable, and we got a discount through the esprit-de-france website. My husband had some trouble sleeping with the constant Rue de Rivoli noise below, but I didn't have trouble since it was more of a low rumble. When we returned to the Brighton at the end of our trip, we stayed in a courtyard room to avoid the noise. The room was smaller but extremely quiet (no views, of course). During our second stay at the end of November, we were surprised to see that the smog would have obscured the Eiffel Tower views from the Tuilleries rooms. I hadn't even thought of that possibility. Since the Louvre, Musee d'Orsay, and Orangerie are all a short walk across the Tuilleries, this place was a great location for us. It was about 20-25 minutes to the amazing Notre Dame and Sainte-Chapelle stained glass, 10 minutes to the Garnier Opera House, and about 45 minutes to the Arc de Triomphe. We would definitely stay here again. Also, the 10 euro continental breakfast was good and not expensive by Paris standards (although I would recommend a trip to Angelina's a few doors down on a splurge for the great hot chocolate and pastries).  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>Great location, a bit on the tatty side.............. Stayed here for its proximity to Tuilieres. Booked direct through the Esprit de France hotel group website which was a relatively painless and easy process. However forgot to expressly request a high floor so got given a 1st floor Tuileres facing room with a pretty limited view..waste of the extra premium paid.The hotel itself is ok by Paris standards, (I'm talking Paris standards here), so the rates are quite good value for the central location (again this is by Paris standards!) Its a very french affair, typical french service standards, clean enough, basic bathroom, average sized room. Our room had high ceilings and nice top to bottom french door windows. The furniture was very old and about to fall apart. Our big antique wardrobe had a broken door and was nailed in, so absolutely useless. Very charming and quirky for the tourists but I want to hang my clothes!Good hotel if you need to stay somewhere central, its dependable and reasonably priced so will probably stay here again. Good shopping to be had at the back on Rue St Honore, nice food at Cafe Ruc, loads of Japanese restaurants a 7 min walk away near the Japan Town towards Opera and a little gem of a restaurant around the corner in Rue Thabon - L'ardroise. Its very popular so book in advance.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJ*HL*S
<Content>Hotel Brighton-Pure Perfection-AGAIN!       Nice size room, very comfy  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yensta
<Content>Great location, lovely hotel Lovely hotel, and located almost directly opposite the Louvre so you can walk everywhere.The staff were friendly and polite, and the room was beautiful.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>har8cin5
<Content>The only place to stay-the view was perfect!       Our room  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>wendydethame
<Content>What a view! Just returned from a long weekend in Paris, where we stayed at the Hotel Brighton. We stayed here because our friends were staying up the road but their hotel was fully booked. This hotel was cheaper and not with the same rating as our friends, but the room was bigger and we had an amazing view. The room was very large, with a lovely modern renovated bathroom. We had a tiny balcony but we could see the Eiffel Tower as well as the Louvre from it. The staff were friendly and spoke very good English, they were able to answer all the questions we had. I would highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again should I return to Paris.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>hobbitsky
<Content>what a gem of a hotel My sister and I found this hotel delightful. We had a room on the top floor overlooking Paris in all its splendour. Wonderful view.The room was quite spacious with two balconies and was clean and serviced well.The staff were courteous if a little stand offish. The breakfast was mediocre and not worth the price.. We were charged E32 for breakfasts we did not have. However, this was refunded immediately once bought to the attention of the manager. Tour bookings could be made a few doors down at the local agencies which was convenientThe hotel is within easy walking distance of most attractions.Restaurants in the Rue de Rivoli are expensive and we found one block away a little grocery store which stocked everything. Restaurants abound aplenty in the area so look around for one that suits you.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Scoobydoo13
<Content>Great location We booked a special balcony package at the Hotel Brighton for the final stage of the Tour de France. The hotel is in an excellent location and the route went right past the front door. It is situated opposite the Jardin de Tuilliere and the Louvre and the views over Paris are amazing. Our room itself was very small with a little balcony just big enough for two of us to stand on. It was on the top floor though which meant spectacular views. The room was clean and we didn't worry about the size as it is just somewhere to sleep and we weren't planning on spending too much time in there. The staff on the front desk were always friendly and helpful and we were able to check in early when we arrived. They were also happy to look after our luggage after we had checked out to save us lugging it round with us.One small complaint would be that the buffet breakfast was not great. Both mornings we were there they had completely run out of orange juice and even though people asked for it, it didn't get re-filled. There was also a fairly limited choice of what to eat and again it seemed that when something from the buffet had run out, it didn't seem to get replaced very quickly so on the first morning there was quite a lack of food. Overall though we enjoyed staying at this hotel as it was right in the centre of Paris and was easy to get to everywhere. It was a really enjoyable weekend.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Skytop82
<Content>A Great Place to Stay My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Brighton. Fortunately, we were able to stay in room 308, a large room with two small balconies overlooking the Tuileries gardens, the Eiffel tower, and the Louvre. The bathroom was spacious with a separate tub, shower, and two sinks. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were especially impressed with Cynthia, Bernard, and Gerhard. We also appreciated the complimentary copies of the International Herald Tribune. As I have read reviews of other hotels in Paris and as we talked with other tourists in Paris and heard their stories about broken toilet seats, no hot water, mysterioius annoying noises, etc., I was all the more grateful for Hotel Brighton. It was a wonderful place to stay. We also enjoyed the Angelina restaurant for lunch which is just a block away. It was a classy place with reasonable prices, and we liked L'Imperial which was also just a short walk up the Rue de Rivoli and seemed a cut above some of the other places on the street. Our experience at these two places was far better than at Cafe de Flore on the Left Bank which turned out to be a disappointment. Another plus of the Hotel Brighton was that Paris Vision and and Gray Line (Cityrama) are just a few doors away which made it convenient for some excursions we wanted to take.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zuzu2050
<Content>A fabulous week in Paris This was a wonderful Hotel on the Right Bank. The rooms and bathrooms had been recently remodeled and were quite comfortable. This was a girlfriend trip, and the location was so convenient and felt quite safe. We were just down from the Hotel Meurice, paid probably a fifth of the price, and still had the same fabulous location. The only thing that I would say that the Hotel is lacking is a good concierge. We were looking for restaurant recommendations and they didn't really have anything that we liked. We did however go to the Westin, and their Concierge were extremly helpful and had wonderful recommendations. Our very favorite was Aux Lyonnaise. Try the pear souffle.... to die for.We had an unbelievabley great time and would go back tomorrow.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kauailover11
<Content>Loved the views, bring an earplug Fabulous location. Does not get better than this. The Louvre to your left, the Tuileries gardens bang in front of you and the sparkling Eiffel tower to your right. Rue Saint Honore and the Vendome is only 2 minutes away. 5 minutes walking to the Opera.Very romantic. Our room had been recently renovated and was spotlessly clean. We loved talking to the smiling and sweet Jean Luc the concierge/breakfast server/ front desk. You would need an earplug to stay in this hotel since it is on one of the busiest roads in Paris, but that is how you get the views. We always bring earplugs on holidays (for the airplanes) so this was not a problem for us. Besides, how many hotels in Paris are that quiet anyway? Come here and reserve the Tuileries rooms and you will not be disappointed. A third of what you'd pay at the Meurice hotel a few steps away. (The lunch at the Le Jardin d'Hiver is magnificent by the way@the Meurice)  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>F1Macca
<Content>Fantastic Location This hotel is in a fantastic location close to all the shops and major tourist attractions, it is clean and of a high standard and we found the staff very friendly. The buffet breakfast was excellent and was served until 11 AM which means you aren't in a rush to get up in the morning if you don't want to. We couldn't fault it at all and wouldn't hesitate to go back or recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DavidBahamas
<Content>Great Locations, Good Price, Room only OK. Spent 3 nights with wife and 2 young children and had a great trip. As mentioned by all reviewers the location is perfect. We booked a suit with view but as the room was on the first floor there really was no view which, as this was my wife's first trip to Paris was a big disapointment. The hotel were willing to move us but the alternative room was only available for one night. We found the staff helpful and friendly but housekeeping was poor. One day we noticed that dirty towels had been hung back up in the bathroom (I just collected new ones from reception). We did not eat in hotel and found area restaurants very good although the ones on the Rue De Rivoli obviously price according to their location but we were never 'ripped of', at least I didn't notice if we were. Paris really is incredible and I would recommend that all visitors don't sweat the small stuff and just savour one of the world's great cities. On our last day we walked back from Left Bank and bumped into Karl Lagerfeld directing a fashion shoot on the bridge. There was only a few people watching and nobody seemed too bothered (nobody except my wife that is). It was a perfect end to our trip.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>NZder
<Content>Brilliant This hotel couldn't have a better location and oh so Paris! You are almost on top of the Louvre and over look the gardens. Near the best shops, restaurants and the Metro (but no need to use that!).We wandered around the best part of Paris and felt like we were right in the middle of it all. Double glazing stops any noise. The furnishings are extravagant and very comfortable. The bathroom was huge as was the room. Friendly staff. Would not bother with breakfast as it is nice to wander to a cafe and get a coffee etc which will be far cheaper.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Sheryll
<Content>Would never stay here again We booked this hotel because of the location (opposite the Jardine des Tuileries and close to the Champs Elysees) and also we had read good reviews on Tripadviser. Big mistake. Whilst the location was fabulous, right opposite the Gardens and only about 15 minutes walk to the start of the Champs Elysees, Arc de Tromphe and the shopping area (Boulevard Haussmann - were all in walking distance)say we would not recommend this hotel to anyone.Upon arrival no one assisted us with our luggage, the desk clerk was surley and the foyer had no atmosphere at all in fact it was a desk to the right of the dining room.The room was neat and tidy but the furniture was old and not in a good way. The bathroom however, had been remodelled and was quite good. The positive was that we had a balcony and could see the Eiffel Tower from our room. Also double glazing of windows made the noise from the traffice non existant.The safe did not work and was repaired once we advised them. We were not shown how to use the air conditioning and subsequently froze on one ocassion until someone came up and told us how to use it.We did not eat at the hotel as the dining room looked very old and tired. The staff were disinterested and to be honest we couldn't wait to get out of there. One other point we bought a 5 euro internet card and then discovered after we had paid our bill that we had been billed for this card when we had paid cash (our mistake for not checking the bill) but just another issues.Tip: Dont go across the road to the Tuileries Gardens for lunch, big rip off in cost, or if you do ensure you say exactly what size coke you want we were charged a ridiculous amount of money for lunch which was inedible, however, the sun was shining and the gardens were great.This is a great spot location wise just don't stay at this hotel, maybe try the Hotel Regina up the road or one of the others. While we were there the Govevenor of California, the Terminator himself was staying a few hotels away - so that made our day seeing him. When I say the Arc de Triomphe, Boulevard Haussman for shopping are within walking distance it means approx 20-30 minutes walking in flat shoes.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>IyerRochester_NY
<Content>Great for a first Paris visit We booked nearly five months ahead. Specifically asked for e renovated room with good views- as advised by others in this forum. We arrived around 10:30 am, really tired. Expected to be told that we could not check in yet, but they asked us to wait in the lounge for 15 minutes while getting the room ready. Offered us coffee. We had a Junior suite on the fourth floor, with a very narrow balcony (single file standing!). Wonderful view- Eiffel tower, Jardin de Toulieres, Louvre, Orsay, National assembly building. That night there were fireworks near Eiffel, we had a balcony seat! Never tired of watching the Eiffel tower at night.Clean room, one queen bed and a sofa bed. Rather thin, but clean carpet. Furniture looked good, not chain hotel type. Some ill fitting drawers. Large bathroom and separate toilet (but no place to wash hands in toilet). A separate shower. Difficult to keep the shower head up properly, the wall fitting was not strong enough. But on the whole, very adequate. Noise from street can be bothersome, but very tolerable if you can use earplugs at night.Hotel staff were courteous. However, they had trouble calling in restaurant reservations- forgot twice! Have to pay for Internet access. This hotel is very convenient for the main tourist attractions and sits near some very expensive hotels. I recommend this hotel for a first time visit to Paris, one can walk to all the attractions. Avoid the nearby cafes, venture out a little. The nearby Marche st-Honore square has a bakery, good cafes, a laundromat.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Beetleman
<Content>Milestone birthday with a view       view #2  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>vegiegirl_7
<Content>A lovely hotel       Fireworks next to the Eiffel Tower - view from window  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gnatty
<Content>The Brighton was one of the best things about our Paris trip!!!       From our Balcony  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PVmomontherun
<Content>Wonderful hotel, Perfect location, Amazing Views       Picture of sink and shower  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hitoharu
<Content>terrible hotel My room was dim in the mezzanine. Stopping the key and the bath was broken. However, they were not mended. There was a day from which the hot water did not come out either. The bath towel used hung to the rack as it was occasionally. It cannot be thought very three Ts-star. It never stays at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lostonline
<Content>View, Price Location, and Service, this is the place to stay!       View from room  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JazzWashington_DC
<Content>Comfortable Stay My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Brighton the last week of May in 2007. Part of the reason for choosing the hotel was our research on TripAdvisor with the many positive reviews. I can report the that the reviews were accurate, and we were glad we chose this hotel for our time in Paris. We made the reservation online directly with the hotel, which provides a discount for booking three or more nights. The hotel also does not charge your credit card until after your stay. We booked a junior suite with a Tuilleries view, which we thought was extremely reasonably priced. We received an email confirmation, and then we called two weeks prior to arrival to confirm our room requests, including an early check-in. When we arrived directly from CDG airport around noon (after traveling overnight from Toronto), we were prepared to wait until the room was available; but we were delighted to learn that the reservaton was in order and that our room was ready. My wife and I are often picky with hotel rooms, asking to see a number of them before settling on one. In this case, we accepted the first room we were shown: the room was enormous by Parisian standards with two step-out balconies facing the garden. And yes, the view is what makes the room. There was also ample closet space, an in-room safe, and a huge bathroom with a separate soaking tub and a glass-doored shower. My wife especially enjoyed soaking in the deep tub at the end of a day after long walks throughout the city. The room was clean and tasteful, with two twin beds joined together as a double, a writing desk, a lighted vanity, and a sofa. The noise from the street is, as other guests have mentioned, noticeable. But my wife, who is a light sleeper, brought along earplugs; and she did not have trouble with the street noise. The heavy curtains also helped to keep the noise out. We thought the view was worth the street noise--and it is all that the others have said: you can step out on your balcony and take in the entire city, from the Eiffel Tower to Notre Dame. The greenery from the garden across the street is especially appealing. As far as the service of the hotel is concerned, we have only good things to report: the desk staff was helpful, especially Bernhard, and the breakfast was fine (we ate the breakfast at the hotel only on the last day, because we found it convenient before heading to the train station). Notably, the staff provided excellent advise on traveling to the train station, collected our bags, hailed a cab in the rain, and loaded our luggage. We have nothing but pleasant memories of our stay at the Hotel Brighton. The Tuilleries metro stop is nearby (featured in the recent movie, Paris, Je T'aime), and we enjoyed going to two nearby restaurants: Angelina Salon de The and Cafe Marly. Angelina's is just a few doors down, which is famous for its dark hot chocolate. It is worth the experience, even if the chocolate is over the top. We found other items on the menu were great for lunch, such as the salads and quiche. If you plan to visit the Louvre, we recommend having breakfast at Cafe Marly, an elegant cafe in easy walking distance, right under the arches of the Louvre. Have a great trip.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mc423
<Content>Walk to Everything Great little hotel in a great central location. We were very happy with our stay there. The hotel is clean and the staff were friendly.With three days, we were able to walk the length of Paris from here . We had a superior room which was roomy, with no view, which was fine with me, since there may be some traffic noise in the front rooms overlooking the Tuilleries Gardens. The area is a little dead at night, since it is a tourist strip, but you can cab to the livelier areas. Some of the Paris tour groups are based down the block which was also convenient. They offer a nice continental breakfast (10 euros) or more for eggs etc. No need for other food with restaurants nearby. Warning...stay away from L'Imperial restaurant down the block. Hotel recommends it, but we were ripped off there for drinks. There's a great Irish pub around the corner which I wish I had went to instead. Can't beat the price for the location.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Mieri
<Content>Fantastic! My husband and I stayed at the hotel Brighton for my 30th birthday in April. It was everything I hoped it would be and more. The views were spectacular. I highly recommend spending a little bit more to have the views, it is beyond worth it. Especially at night when the Louvre gets illuminated like a storybook castle and every hour on the hour the Eiffel Tower sparkles for 10 minutes. You will find yourself mesmerized by the sights over and over again.The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable about the city and we got some great restaurant recommendations from them.Other reviews say that it is in a tourist area and therefore nothing good to eat is around, I highly disagree. All you have to do is walk 1 block away from the gardens and there are a slew of local, small restaurants that are wonderful.The only complaint, although a small one, is that the Do not Disturb sign doesn't get much attention from the housekeeping staff. If you leave it up during the day they will knock and come in anyway. If you do not want your room cleaned, let the front desk know. Otherwise, the housekeepers will go in.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Solibus
<Content>Great Location I stayed at the Brighton from May 5 to May 20.I had a junior suite on the third floor facing le Jardin des Tuileries.The view was great.The location is perfect.The room was clean and quiet with a lot of space.The staff was polite and very helpful.The breakfast was not that great for 16 euros but nothing is perfect. I recommend this hotel at that price.An excellent choice.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>debjen321
<Content>Perfect! Just got back from Paris, we stayed at the Brighton! The location of the hotel is absolutely perfect. Room 314 was a large suite with a balcony. The views were awesome. Metro station close by. People were friendly. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel. We paid 224 euros, what a deal!!! We hope to go back some day!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bostonpie
<Content>Hotel Brighton view? Priceless!       My son found an interesting use of the balcony and the binoculars  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CAJudy
<Content>Great place to stay in Paris This is a great, centrally-located hotel in Paris. I had a Tuileries room with views of the gardens, Eiffel Tower, Louvre and Musee D'Orsay. It was wonderful. If you are a light sleeper, you may prefer a courtyard room, but I would suggest wearing earplugs and having the fantastic view. The room was clean and the bath was exceptionally clean and modern. Nothing luxurious about the room other than the million dollar view, but at the price I wasn't expecting the Taj Mahal. The continental breakfast at 10 euros was a steal and very good. The staff was pleasant and efficient. I definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PNMLAW
<Content>Stunning Views of City of Lights We stayed in Room 408 in March 2007, which had unimaginable views of Paris. We could see the Eiffel Tower from the two (2) small balconies (along with the nightly light show ?a trip highlight), along with the Tuileries Gardens, Louvre, Orsay, Invalides, and a ton of Paris. No kidding ?this is the best view Ie ever had in a hotel. In fact, it was overwhelming. Even my 8 year old son had to appreciate the fantastic view. The hotel was quiet, and the room was nice enough. The room was not luxurious, and neither was the hotel lobby or restaurant. There are small areas of disrepair (the steps look awful), and housekeeping was hit or miss. For instance, despite requests, a lightbulb was not replaced during our entire visit. However, the room was clean. Like most of Paris, there is no A/C, but we did not need it in March with the windows open in the afternoon. At night, the radiator heat was great, along with the towel warmer in the bathroom. The marble bathroom was fantastic and huge. The hotel is centrally located, and within walking distance of two (2) metro stops. Because of its location, not much is open late at night, but you can easily get around town from the hotel. Desk staff was nice, but uninformed and unable to provide really good advice. They were willing, though, to happily run into the street to hail us a cab in the pouring rain. Even with recent renovations, this is an old-ish hotel. However, its quiet, clean, and not expensive. I cannot emphasize this enough: whatever shortcomings this hotel has are grossly overwhelmed by the stunning views of the city. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DaveTravel
<Content>Excellent view       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>More-trips
<Content>Great Room, Bath, Location and Views as promised Our party had rooms 312 looking out on the view and room 102 on the courtyard. Both rooms were junior suites. They were huge by any measure. Double sink baths were extremely nice with separate tub and shower and toilet in different closet. (In 312, the toilet was separate location from rest of bath) Great water pressure in the shower and nice large soaking tub, which can feel great after a long day of walking. The location was superb! The views just as you see on this site from candid photos. The couryard view was just looking out over the tops of some buildings below, but we really were not there that often, so it didn't matter for that room. They have two elevators - one tiny and one very suitable size. Only have two minor complaints: one is that there was no clock in the room, and the other is that the desk staff was not friendly or helpful to us. Unfortunately, Bernard, (who others have mentioned here and who was very helpful in my email communications prior to arrival) was on holiday during our stay. Despite my attempts at being very friendly and trying my best with my limited french, I was disappointed at how unhelpful they were. When we arrived, one of the rooms was not made up for the third person. I called down and the guy brought up sheets, but we had to make the bed ourselves. He explained that he was alone at the desk during that time. We also asked the location of the nearest bank and they couldn't tell us. Maybe we just caught them at an off time. I could certainly recommend this hotel for all the other positives as stated.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>mojoholly
<Content>Great location! This is a fabulous location for an excellent price. It is a simple hotel, but the rooms are large and the views are wonderful. We could see the Louvre, the Eiffel Tower, the Tuilleries Garden, and the Crystal Palace from our window. The only negative is that there is very limited room service, but there are so many wonderful bakeries and cafes within a couple of blocks that that's not a problem. If you need coffee or tea in your room, just be sure to take a little hot pot and tea bags or coffee bags with you. Also, don't trust the front desk to give you correct information. They told us that Versailles closed at 7:00, and gave us wrong directions to the train station. After an hour of walking and riding the train, we arrived at 4:00 to find out that it actually closed at 5:30, and there was a 45 minute wait to enter. Overall, this is a great little place for the money, and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	2	

<Author>Bridgit
<Content>Great Location, Tired Decor I stayed at the Hotel Brighton last November with two friends. While the location was wonderful, our room was not. The room was large but very sparsely furnished (two single beds, a cot, a desk and a mini-fridge with a TV perched on top). The paint was peeling from the walls and the bedspreads looked less than clean. The bathroom had tiles missing, a burned out light bulb and more peeling paint. It was not a room that you would want to spend any time in other than to sleep.The room was extremely noisy at night from the busy street below.The one plus is that the concierge was great. Very friendly and offered good suggestions for restaurants, sites etc.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>leeansku
<Content>Perfect Location       View of Musee Louvre  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>OldKeys
<Content>Spectacular views, beautiful room Unforgettable stay. Can confirm other positive reviews. Stunning view of the Tuilleries and Eiffel Tower. Minutes walk from the Louvre. Very reasonable rates considering the location and views. Very attractive room/decor, beamed ceiling, flat screen TV. Breakfast is not included in the rate so there is no need to take it in the hotel. We tried it one day and it was average but as good as some of the nearby restaurants/cafes. One drawback, no tea or coffee making factilies in the room - have to go out for hot drinks. But overall, highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>LANABrisbane
<Content>brighton hotel best value in area We stayed at the Brighton hotel and had a very spacious room overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre, they were renovating at the time but that was no problem, I have stayed at the Brighton hotel once before and had a lovely room then, when we read the terrible review from the Melbourne family dated the 11th july 2005 I thought they were discribing another hotel The reception people are very helpful and efficent. The person they were refering as a Red Head ........ was very helpful and well mannered when we were there. The hotel is in one the most expensive area's in Paris. Hotels such as The Crillion, The Ritz to name a just a few, most are much more expensive then the Brighton. As for parking, hIring a car in Paris is not a good idea, it is much better to catch a cab, or to use the metro. All I can say is some people find fault with everything, and maybe their attitude has something to do with how other people react to them. I can honestly say a smile and good manners are a great help when travelling or for that matter in life, you only get what you give-out ......all in all the Brighton is a good choice with very spacious rooms, efficent staff and in a very good area. What more do you want for a wonderful stay in Paris  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LiveLondonWorkParis
<Content>Great hotel, recommended               More photos  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>BrightTravelprincess
<Content>Amazing views and lovely staff. Get room 409! I stayed in the Hotel Brighton last weekend and it was faultless. I had asked for a room with THE view and I wasn't disappointed. Francisco, who showed us to our room, explained all the sights out of the window and barring the Sacre Coeur, we had every Parisian landmark in our sights. The hotel is on a great shopping st, rue de Rivoli, which either takes you to Place de la Concorde, or it takes you into the Marais - a pleasure either way. The room (409) was huge with two windows and a small balcony to step out onto. The bathroom has both a bath and a shower and everything is clean. The hotel didn't mind 5 of our friends coming up for coffee on Sunday morning and to have a look at the view and also let us all leave our luggage there whilst we went to the flea markets. They have also very kindly forwarded my phone charger which I left behind and gave me a book from the bedroom which I offered to buy. The only minor complaint is that we were told that there is no Left Luggage at Gare de Nord which is incorrect and the receptionist on arrival was a little bit surly and pointedly, I felt, put away all his papers and cleared his desk before giving us any attention - minor, minor points given the rest! This place is FAB! Sorry I have photos and have tried and failed to load them...  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PadraicMurphy
<Content>Fantastic Views       Louvre in background, Jardin de Tuleries in front  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>irishnz
<Content>Recommend this hotel We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had a deluxe room to ensure the great view and it really was magnificent. To look out over the Tuilleries and to the Eiffel Tower was incredible, both day and night. The room wasn't that big but adequate. Nice flat screen TV, not many English channels but then too much to do in Paris to watch TV. The bathroom was a good size and well designed and sparkling clean. We caught the metro and the stop is just across the road, so very handy. If it is your first time in Paris I would really recommend the hop on/off bus; gives you a great overview of where everything is and how close things are.The hotel is positioned in a very posh area and it is fun to walk around the shops. We discovered a great wee restaurant a few streets away - Le Souffle at 36 rue du Mont - Thabor. Staff are friendly and food and traditional souffles are delicious, especially the sweet ones. Would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again in Paris, would book it immediately.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>BitusEcho
<Content>Magical       View through one of the balconies  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>JCMMexicoCity
<Content>Great Location and Best View in Paris ( Ifel tower, Tulleries, Panteon etc) This Hotel as recommended to us by a French Friend, and is one of the Hidden secrets in Paris.-The Best view in Paris. ( Trust me I Know Paris)-Tiny rooms with a good LCD TV.-Exelent Bathroom-Good Staff Service. ( It was rainning and we were offered an Umbrella)-Subway a few feet from the Hotel.-Great Value 155 ?for ( Rue Rivoli), the two hotels a few steps ( Westin and other) are at least 350 ?-The only dislike is that the Hotel Public Computer did not worked for our stay so we could not cheked our mail.I really recomed this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>15may06
<Content>Central location, shame about the rooms We went on a romantic weekend to Paris. This was a so-so hotel. Great location being next to the Tuileries and a short walk away from the Louvre and the posh shops. The metro was also a stone's throw form the hotel. For a grand facade, the rooms disappoints. We paid for the upgraded room with a view and being on the 1st floor, all we could see was the treetops hence the view of the Tuileries were obscured! The rooms were quite basic however they were clean. It didn't give that luxury feel that was expected. On the bright side, the front desk staff were friendly and helpful (if approached!). Overall, great location, value for money was average in Paris I guess.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Adamos
<Content>Fantastic location, excellent room, helpful Concierge I booked a 'Deluxe ' room and was most satisfied with it- almost a suite. Located in the roof but with a window and small external standing space to view the stunning view of the Louvre to the left ,Tuilieres gardens in front and the Eiffel Tower across to the distance to the right.. The room [ in fact all the rooms apparantly] had been recently renovated with a good quality and tastefully styled interior scheme so all was working and looking good.The Concierge was very helpful in answering all the queries thrown at him and was more than patient if we didnt quite understand his directions.Breakfast is in a charming Salon beside the Reception hall- rather small tables and chairs but adequate- just. Very adequate breakfast- normal sort of fayre and attentive service to clear plates etc.Staying here was a delight. It is about 30 mins walk from Notre Dame, 8 mins to the Louvre , close to the Place Vendome if you wish to heamorrhage your plastic and close to the circuit driven by the red buses that take the tourists around the city- very good for getting an overview of the place. We ate at a very trad French restaurant just south of Notre Dame- Le Petit Pontoise- it is simple, straight forward and totally yum nosh ! Indulge !!! [do book.]  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ally101182
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I stayed in this hotel for our honeymoon for 6 nights. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the Louvre and the Eiffel Tower. The views were amazing! The street below was loud but it was expected and did not bother us at all. The room was small but clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and clean also. The only thing we could find to complain about was the elevators. One is barely big enough for 2 people. The other one is even smaller. You cannot beat the location for the money! We had a great time!!!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>nsff
<Content>would return Great Paris location, clean, would stay there again.Room smallish, but renovation well done so wasn't cramped.Room w/o view quiet, ones with view looked larger but lots of nois on main street facing Tuileries.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>vivela
<Content>Best View of Paris My husband, 3 year old son, and I spent 5 wonderful nights at the Hotel Brighton in June 2006. The service was friendly. The breakfast was very good. The room was the biggest I have ever seen in a Paris hotel. We had a huge room with a pull out sofa and a king size bed. The bathroom was very spacious with a full bath and nice shower. The best part, we had 4 (mini) balconies with the most stunning views of Paris I have ever seen. We were right on top of the Tuileries and the Louvre. From our window we could see Notre Dame, the Orsay, Montparnasse, the Eiffel Tower, Place de la Concorde, and the Arc de Triomphe. The location was great too, especially if you are doing all the big tourist sites. We were right across the street from a metro station.Although the neighborhood is a bit ritzy, we found some charming little restaurants within a couple of blocks (Chez Flottes is a must)  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sylvia M
<Content>Perfect Paris Location A friend and I had recently returned from a trip to London  paris. We spent 3 days at the Hotel Brighton and loved it!! Neither of us had been to Paris and this was as perfect hotel for first time visitors. We had a room with a view of the Tuileries Gardens. When we looked to our left we could see the Louvre and the view to the right was the Eiffel Tower. When the lights came on at night it was spectacular!!! You understood why Paris is called the City of Light.Bernard and his staff were extremely helpful. Benard's recommendations for restaurants in the area were wonderful. Our favorite was L'Imperial. It was a lovely bistro with terrific food and it was very reasonably priced.Our room was clean and tastefully decorated. The carpeting was rather worn in spots. There was some paint damage on the bathroom door. This somewhat distracting, but not enough to distract from the enjoyment of this wonderful city.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JAESK
<Content>Great location, Great value, Great Views I found this hotel by using Trip Advisor becuase it was one of the only hotels that I could find where there were few if any negative things said about it other than some issues with contruction noise (and the construction is done). We stayed on the 2nd floor in a junior suite overlooking the Tuillerie with the Louvre to our left and Eiffel Tower to our distant right. The views were incredible and exceeded expectations. The location is perfect for Paris. We were so close to so much within walking distance and Rue de Rivoli is one of the nicest streets in Paris. In addition, the Metro entrance is accross the street. Our room was very good size for Paris and we had a king sized bed. The room was very clean. The service was good but just make sure you ask for Bernard since he is by far the most helpful (I had heard this in other reviews as well).Just note that the rooms facing the garden have traffic on them and it is a little louder in the rooms. We knew this and were fine with it but you may want to bring a noisemaker to drowned out the sound. You will not find a better hotel with this type of location without spending a lot more and to be honest you may not be able to find a hotel with such a beautiful view in any price range.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>BradBourbon
<Content>Good Location What you would expect. Close to Louvre and Metro. Nothing wrong with this accomodation. Beware if you like to shower, not all/none of the rooms have one. Only baths.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Janeeda
<Content>Bad view and small room We have just returned from a trip to Paris and stayed in the Hotel Brighton, after reading the reviews on here we were shocked at the room we had been given. Our booking details stated that it was a superior twin room and when we got into the room it was a double bed. We were told that the room had been recently renovated and we could not disagree with that as everything looked very new. But the view from the window was awful out into a courtyard where it appeared that all the rubbish was dumped for the neighbourhood. On the second day we went down to breakfast to find that there was very little food, no plates to put food on and no clean tables. We asked for two coffees and after waiting 30 minutes we decided to give up and go to our room. I will not be staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>erichschlaikjer
<Content>Nice stay       Room (messed up!)  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>andy/melanie123
<Content>The Best Views in Paris! This hotel is situated on thr Rue de Rivoli, which is one of the best locations in paris.The views from the rooms are exceptional and the hotel is much cheaper than its neighbours, the Westin, the Lotti and the very very plush Hotel Maurice (which is just a few doors down).Having looked at the other hotels, the Brighton has the BEST views. The rooms are very nice, with large beds, t.v, minibar / fridge, desk and chairs, balcony and the bathrooms have extra luxuries and most have both a bath and a shower. The cleaning is very good and the staff are excellent, especially Bernard, who went ot of his way to help us.You can never get tired of waking up and looking out on your balcony to see the beautiful Jardin de Tullieries in front of you, the louvre just to your left, the eifel tower (twinkling at night) ahead of you and the arc de triomphe to your right..It is very central to most locations and whilst, the hotel does not have its own bar / restaurant, there are lots and lots to choose from along and behind the Rue de Rivoli, one of the best is the Rivoli Park Cafe, which is just 2 doors down!Plus if it did have its own bar / restaurant, it would become over priced like the others and then this little gem would be spoilt.We have stayed here 3 times and would not even look at another location for fear of missing the great views and great location.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>semtravel
<Content>Wonderful Stay We are a family of 5 (kids ranging from 10 month to 13 years). The Hotel Bighton was exceptional. Very clean, beautiful room (we stayed in a junior suite) and most impressive was the location. We walked everywhere except for the Eiffel Tower (short cab ride away), which was quite visible from our balcony. The hotel is directly across from the Jardin Tullieres and the Louvre, which the kids loved. We visited the gardens almost daily. The hotel staff was friendly and went out of their way to assure we had a great stay. We look forward to returning again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Runner2006
<Content>Hotel Brighton Two Thumbs Way Up! I contacted Hotel Brighton after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and asked for a double jr suite with views of the Tuileries for our first trip to Paris. When we arrived I was absolutely thrilled with the room--I believe it was room 308. The room was an extremely large corner room (even by US standards) on the third floor with four small terraces (two facing the Tuileries with spectacular views of the Effiel Tower). The room had a nice sitting area and an extremely comfortable king bed. The bathroom was also quite large with a separate bathtub and shower and one wall of the bathroom featured large glass doors that opened to a small terrace off of the bathroom. The staff at the Brighton spoke English and were quite helpful to us. We were able to check into our room a bit early and were also able to check out late our last day. They also were quite useful with restaurant recommendations in the area. We enjoyed the Imperial (it is just down the street on Ru de Rivoli) as a great lunch place to sit on the terrace and watch people. We especially enjoyed the French onion soup--though while I would strongly recommend this place for a long leisurely lunch, I wouldn't recommend for breakfast (omlets weren't great and the entire breakfast was quite pricey at about 50 euro). We found the location of the hotel to be perfect for shopping in the area (many wonderful boutinques) and for walking to the Champs, Eiffel Tower, and Arc. We found a restaurant just past the Arc called La Grand Armee (on Ave De La Grand Armee) that we really enjoyed--a very large terrace that attracted Parisians rather than the tourist crowd. Food and service were exceptional.Assuming one of the jr suites is available when we travel in the future, we will always return to the Hotel Brighton when we visit Paris.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cinlee
<Content>Fantastic hotel Our family of 4 stayed in a junior suite last week and even though the running rate is EUR255(cheap even for Paris standard), we were charged EUR195 cos of slight broken window. The hotel is just renovated and everything is new and the hotel room has a very nice decor. Trileries Metro station is just across the road where you can get to everywhere and Lourve Musuem and Concorde is less than 50 m away. Rue St Honore is just behind the hotel. There are nice Japanese restaurant 2 blocks away which selll sashimi set for only 13 EUR, a great steal. Mcdonald is also nearby for the kids. I love the conceirge and even the porter, very nice and personable service. I will definitely spread the word that this is THE HOTEL to stay in Paris !  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FLACHICK
<Content>Absolutely loved Hotel Brighton My fiance' and I stayed at the Hotel Brighton from June 9th to June 14th and cannot say enough great things about it. We had a wonderful refurbished room (room 513) that had 2 small balconies, was bigger than the average french hotel room, had a stocked mini-bar/fridge, a desk, closets and had a very comfortable bed. The bathroom had marble countertops, a large tub/shower combo and was very clean (and was stocked with some great bath products). The decor of the room was very pretty. The view was simply amazing. It looked exactly like the pictures the previous reviewers had posted. When you looked out to your left you saw the Louvre, in front of you, Tuleries and Musee D'Orsay and to the right the Eiffel Tower (and everything in between). The staff was very helpful and friendly and helped us get reservations in restaurants. It's in such a great location that we walked everywhere. We did not get breakfast at the hotel (Why spend all that money for breakfast at the hotel when you can get a tasty croissant and cafe' for less than half the price at any of the neighborhood cafes). We will be telling all our friends and family about the Hotel Brighton and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location The Hotel was in an excellent location. We had a balcony which had a great view of some of the sites. The only downside was that there was no bar available in the hotel. However it is near a lot of bars and restuarants so it wasn't a big issue.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bwelsted
<Content>love the Brighton Stayed at the Brighton last week, May 20-24 and loved it. I did read the reviews carefully and made sure I had a renovated room, facing the Tulieries Garden. The room was great (room 211), location is terrific; view of the Eifel Tower, Louvre and Arc from the room. I would highly recommend this room to anyone visiting Paris. The Metro is a block away...great convenience and priced well for the area.One caveat. The buffet breakfast is what I am used to getting included in the room price in Germany; some bread, yogurt, coffee, juice. Nothing special, $3 of food tops. 15 Euro per person at the hotel..expensive start to the day!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Drurolnz
<Content>A Paris Accomodation Secret! This is truly a great location at a very reasonable price for Paris. Our room was recently rennovated (as I believe all of those available currently are) and had the wow view over the Tuilleries Gardens. The ongoing rennovation did not bother us and this should finish within the next few months. Hotel staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. The only negative was the traffic noise of the rue d' Rivoli, but you soon get used to this. I would head back to the Brighton next trip and recommend it to others  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good hotel for 2007 When we booked I made a point of asking if there would be any renovation work going on at the time of our stay. The reception staff said that there would be a little, but there would be no noise audible in our room. It was very disappointing to find that during the day a loud drilling noise which vibrated through the building could often be heard. Having stayed here several times before, the whole point of this hotel is the great rooms which provide an escape from the chaos outside. Until the work is complete we won't be returning, and even then it bothers me that they were less than honest when we booked. The work was due to end this summer (June 2006), but it now looks likely to continue for some months beyond that. Once the work is complete I would certainly recommend this hotel again, as I agreewith most of the comments written below.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mspearl
<Content>Our Home Away from Home!! I just got back from a wonderful trip to Paris. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Brighton and we loved it. We stayed in 101. The room was renovated and VERY VERY clean. The bathroom was a nice size and there was a separate area for the toliet with a door. The room was cleaned everyday very well. I loved that it was sooo clean. Although the room was great, the view from our balcony was HORRIBLE, but it did not ruin our trip. We were not in the room that much anyway. Next time I will request on a room with a view of Tuileries Garden. The staff was excellent.Very kind and helpful. I truly appreciated all of there help. The area around the hotel is Great! Lots of shops and places to eat. Loved it! Metro: Tuileries is right across the street. I do recommend this place to everyone. Very charming hotel. Thank You Hotel Brighton!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KnoxvilleCouples
<Content>Incredible value at the Brighton       Eiffel Tower from our balcony  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TimLewis
<Content>Pretty good hotel With hindsight this is a very good hotel. At the time I thought the area around it was very expensive, but since staying in other regions of Paris since, I realise its actually one of the cheaper areas!The hotel itself is very good for a hotel in Paris (as its relatively new build with modern facilities), and the room was of a high quality. Also the position is outstanding, right next to the Tuilleries gardens and the Louvre. Its also within walking distance to all the other sights.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>catsandroses
<Content>Return trip to the Hotel Brighton I just returned from my second stay at the Hotel Brighton and have been confused with some of it's neutral/negative reviews. This time I was with my mother and sister and we booked a triple room, expressly asking for a rennovated room overlooking the Louvre and Tuileries. We had two large windows opening to a large balcony and the views were some of the best in Paris, especially at 275E a night. The staff was very helpful, as they were during my last visit. They couldn't have been more friendly or helpful with directions, making phone calls for dinner reservations, etc. We usually opted to have breakfast elsewhere but the morning we did, the continental breakfast was fine and the coffee some of the best I had during my stay. There are now 2 elevators, the old, very tiny one and a new larger one. I still think it's fun to take the old one! The location right near the Place Vendome and across from the Tuileries Metro is unbeatable, we walked almost everywhere we needed to go and if not, jumped on the metro or the bus. I would definitely book this hotel again. Please note that it usually shows as dates unavailable if you check the internet travel sites so you may need to contact the hotel directly by email or phone which is what we did. The email I used was (-)  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful! We had a wonderful time here - room 411 with spectacular views over the Louvre, Jardin Tuileries and the Eiffel Tower. Every evening the Eiffel Tower has a light show on the hour and we sat on the balcony of our room watching it with a glass of wine and thought how lucky we are. We booked with the hotel directly on Esprit-de-France and got a special summer rate, staying 4 nights, paying for three, with breakfast included. It was excellent value, especially for such a perfect location. The room itself was well sized with a good bathroom, and well appointed. The breakfast room is gorgeous and the breakfast is perfectly French: croissants, pain au chocolat (divine), yoghurt, fruit, cheese, and coffee. In one of your reviews I read about the tiny elevator. Yes, there is one tiny elevator, but also one regular-sized just down the corridor. The staff were very helpful and gave excellent advice about local restaurants (any in the nearby Marche St Honore are very good). Overall, this is a perfect choice for a visit to Paris, especially if it is your first time and you want to be close to all the main sights. Pay the extra for a room with the Jardin Tuilerie view if you want the Oh la la factor.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tnts
<Content>We loved it We were pleasantly surprised with our experience here. We stayed in 511, which has the most unbelievable view. I doubt you can get a room with a view like anywhere for the price. While I understand that the place was somewhat rickety, our room had to be one of the newer ones, clean and well kept. Certainly not a luxury hotel, but we could've stayed on the balcony all night long. The view was practically a map of all the attractions in Paris. The staff was friendly and helpful with our cab early in the morning. The location is in a tourist area, but if you're looking to do the tourist things then it works wonderfully. If you want to hang with the locals then stay in another area entirely. We were very happy with our stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joan1
<Content>Nice, but pricey for what you get. Location only so so. We ( teenage son and I ) stayed 5 nights at this hotel this last August( 05) . The hotel is clean, with a lovely breakfast room( nice and sunny not a dungeon like some) and a lovely breakfast buffet. The room we stayed in ( room 511) was on the top floor and had incredible views, I mean probaly the best in Paris! Our room had two small balconies and we could see the Effiel Tower and the Lourve lit up at night. The bathroom was large and clean, but the tub had only a hand held shower, which we hate. The towels are clean but not nice , rough and stiff. The beds were comfy although sheets were never changed in 5 nights, I know this as there was a stain that never left! The air conditioning only works if you leave one of your key cards in the room inserted into a electric power slot, so if you need to take both keys out during the day you will return to a warm room, and the air cond . takes awhile to cool down room. Most of the staff were very nice , Bernard at the front desk was extremely helpful answering our constant questions. Most spoke enough english to be very helpful. The waiters spoke little english but were prompt and kind. The elevator was large enough for 4 people, two with luggage. Went right to the top. There is a smaller elevator that only goes to the 4 th floor. Our room was a renovated room, they are still in process of modernization so check when you book to see if you have a  new room.We decided that the main flaw of this hotel was its location. There are no cheap places to eat around there, ( except a Mc Ds) and the Latin Qartier is a 20 minute walk, which we did after two nights of poor dinners that cost too much!The steet ( Rue du Rivoli) is lined with tacky tourist type stores( how many Effiel tower key chains can one buy?) , and althought the Lourve is right across street, we only went there twice so was it worth staying right across from it? Not to us. We will stay in the 5 th next time, we had started our trip with 2 nights in a budget type hotel there( Hotel des Mines) , and really liked it. We just think that although the Hotel Brighton was nice it just wasn't worth the price.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, everything else is disappointing The first thing to beware of with this hotel is the difference between the renovated and unrenovated/dirty rooms. The unrenovated rooms reminded me of a medieval dungeon. The unrenovated rooms have peeling paint, worn carpet and are dark/dreary. I had to ask for a renovated room. Although this was given to me, I had to pay extra for it. The renovated room was much better and well sized for a Paris hotel. However, the sheets had holes in them and some questionable stains. The service in the hotel was...unimpressive (with the exception of the bellboy). I would have switched hotels except that most of the hotels were fully booked (except in the $500 category). The best thing about this hotel is its location. It is close to the metro, the Louvre and Rue St Honore. If you don't mind some discomfort, this is the right hotel for you.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Do not stay at the Brighton!!! My husband and I, and my family, stayed in the Brighton Hotel after reading all the fantastic reviews on tripadvisor.com. I can honestly say I am baffled by this hotels high scores and glowing reviews.We stayed there for 5 nights and were extremely upset arriving at this dump of a hotel. Lift was tiny and totally out of the way. We walked down three long corridors to get to our room (on the other side of the hotel), all of which had the carpet literally peeling away with boards exposed, which felt like walking through an old haunted mansion the boards wobbled so much. We thought we were going to fall through to the level below!The staff, apart from one man (I assume was the boss) were pathetic. Especially at night. One red headed man was so rude and useless we were furious with him the entire time we were there. I've never come across a less helpful and totally rude receptionist. He was useless.The location was handy, but not good. VERY noisy. Don't stay here if you have a car. We were told by the useless receptionist there was parking just around the corner - we ended up parking about 4 blocks away. I could go on with the examples. The whole stay was just awful.Over all I would most definitely NOT recommend this hotel. It was the worst one I have stayed in in all of Europe. Unless they have gutted it it should have been pulled down long ago (and my families room was just as bad, so it wasn't only our floor or our room).If you're happy to use the public transport in Paris (which is easy) then I would stay at Les J'ardins D'Eiffel (unsure of spelling). I stayed there a few years ago. It's a lovely hotel, lovely staff (who also speak English and are handy with directions and suggestions), view of Eiffel Tower from the breakfast room and some bedrooms and delicious breakfasts, great splendid location down a little Parisian alley way a short walk from the Seine and Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DesAlpes
<Content>We'll be back! We had a great stay at the Hotel Brighton for four nights in June and we'll definitely be back.We had a renovated room, but a friend of ours was there at the same time and had an older room but was perfectly happy with it, too. Although breakfast is available in the hotel I can't imagine why one would have that instead of getting out into the streets of Paris. There is a cafe next door on the corner where we had coffee and croissants every morning and watched Paris go by on the street and sidewalks.The staff were very helpful and friendly. I can't remember any names but every single member bent over backwards to help us and they were very patient with my broken French. My companions spoke no French, but that wasn't a problem.Regarding the small elevator. We used the tiny one quite a bit and found it quite cute. But don't think that's all there is. There's a bigger one that will hold several people and their luggage just a few feet away.While the neighborhood isn't the most charming in Paris (nothing wrong with it, just no much charm) it IS very conveniently located. We were within walking distance of so many places, but with the Tuileries Metro station, on the #1 line, just across the street, we could quickly and easily get to anyplace we wanted to go. And Paris Vision is only about four doors down so if you are inclined to do anything with them it is quite convenient.We'll be stopping in Paris for a few days next year at the beginning of a month-long stay in France and I'm pretty sure we'll be staying at the Brighton.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it a lot, once we got a good room!!! Our first room was on the mezzanine level (level E), just above the reception. When we entered the room stank of air freshener. It looked out onto the very busy street UNDER the arches outside , so it was very dark and had NO view. And it needed double windows to keep out the traffic noise - we like to sleep with a window open, but this would have been impossible. Having established we were not having a moment we went down to reception armed with our email requesting a quiet room. Within 5 minutes, we had been reallocated to a renovated room overlooking the courtyard - the room was large, well lit and well ventilated - in fact it seemed like a room of a higher standard. We were very pleased but wondered why we had been assigned to the noisy and dark room initially - maybe because we were two men travelling together.I suggest you confirm that you are getting a quiet room at the back OR a noisy room at the front of the hotel with a view and avoid the mezzanine level. Incidentally, the hotel has the tiniest lift we have ever been in - kinda cute.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fellowtravelersmhl
<Content>Smartest thing we've done The street-view rooms have the best views in Paris!! Out our 3rd floor (309) room we gazed at the Eiffel Tower as it flashed lights each night. We also overlooked the Louvre, just accross the street. There is street noise, but we didn't care.The room was huge, made by combining two original rooms. The bath was bigger than our home's, with both a tub and a walk-in shower. It appeared to be recently remodelled.If you are staying in Paris--do yourself a favor and book the Brighton. It's rates are less than many competitors located on side streets.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andycat17
<Content>A fantastic hotel This hotel is a real find. I have stayed in Paris several times, the last two have been at this hotel ... and i would never consider anywhere else. The location is perfect, really handy if you need to drop off shopping bags half way through the day!You must request a renovated room, these overlook the tuileries gardens and the Eiffel Tower, the view is priceless. The rooms are lovely, clean and some of them very spacious, with beautiful french doors and little balcony's. We booked directly with the hotel by email and they put everything in writing and i had no problems at any stage. The second time i stayed here i took my family and we booked 4 renovated rooms ... they were all wonderful with the exception of the one which was on the 5th floor, it was smaller than the others due to being in the roof. The ceiling was quite low and was not good for my boyfriend who is 6ft 4. We asked to be moved and this was not a problem, they actually showed us 3 or 4 rooms before we committed to change.We found the staff to be very helpful, especially the porters. The only disadvantage is that it doesnt have a bar, however there are plenty on the doorstep, the one next door is great and reasonably priced for snacks and drinks.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>get-what-u-pay-for
<Content>Good and not so good! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in May. Firstly the location and views ( if you get a Tuileries room) is fantastic! However, I must agree with the Trip Advisor from Germany (review 10th May) we had a problem with our booking. I booked through Expidia on 23rd Feb 3 months before we travelled! Yet upon arival, we were also told that the hotel had no notification from Expida about the type of room requested. (a superior Tuileries room at 170 euros) even though I had a print out of the confirmation e-mail with me!The Unpleasant Red-Haired desk clerk said he would let us have the last room available which was a Tuileries room but was not refurbished and the toilet was in a tiny little cupboard that my husband couldn't stand up in! He was also very unpleasant when we checked out, asking if we had used anything from the mini bar that morning. I said we had not yet he looked at me quite secptical and wandered off to talk to a porter who quietly took the room key and went to check!!!!Aside from this I would stay there again, I would not let the desk clerk ruin my holiday and this hotel is an excellent price for it's suberb location and views.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TERRIBLE service and don't take the elevators! I stayed 2 nights at the Hotel Brighton. I should have known after having so many issues booking the rooms (never received a confirmation the first time, and the second time was told the wrong email address to send my info to) that this was NOT a good hotel choice. The hotel is located right along the Rue de Rivoli, very close to the Louvre- a great location. But, the service I received and the quality of some of the rooms were terrible. I would not recommend this hotel unless you are guaranteed a renovated room, otherwise it is not worth it. The unrenovated rooms are old, musty and a vast difference from the renovated rooms. A particular red-headed desk clerk was not at all helpful in upgrading to a renovated room. In fact, he was quite rude and made the experience very unpleasant and difficult. We had requested 2 renovated rooms, but received only one and that's how we knew what a difference in quality the rooms were (but the prices were the same!). On our first night, my fiance and I were trapped in the small closet-like elevator for over an hour. We sounded the alarm and were told that the repairmen would be there in 20 minutes. One hour later, in desperation, we managed to pry open the doors, and the repairmen were still nowhere to be found. We didn't even receive an apology from the staff and they actually questioned the next day whether we were truly stuck. Needless to say, we were very eager to get out of there! Again, don't take the chance on this hotel. Just don't stay there!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Duchess24
<Content>Terrific Location and Value Just returned this weekend. I picked this hotel based on the reviews here and for its location and it was just what we were looking for. The location was dead center to all the sites and the Louvre was just a block  a half. We took a lot of taxi rides (no more than 6-7 euros) to most sites except for Notre Dame (around 13-14 euros) from the hotel. We booked a triple room (on the 4th floor) which was more space than I expected. The bathroom though dated was BIG! I believe the hotel is almost done with its renovation with a few more rooms left to work on. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Yes, you can indeed leave your luggage in the storage when you check out. For how long, I'm not so sure for we only left it there for a few hours. If this is your first trip to Paris and taking a taxi to the hotel, I would highly recommend you keep hotel info handy for the driver. If you are coming from Gard Du Nord, taxi is about 6-7 euros. If you pay 10 or more (as we did the first time), he has taken you on a scenic drive at your pocket's expense.Would I stay in Hotel Brighton again? No doubt!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a Very good hotel for price and location Recently returned from a 10-day stay at this hotel in Paris. I booked it based primarily on the reviews from this website, and due to its terrific, central-Right-Bank location that is a block away from the Tuileries Metro station (line 1). Easy walk to the Louvre, beautiful view of the Tuileries! The multiilingual staff was pleasant (Bernard was the most helpful), and since the hotel has recently finished a complete renovation of all its rooms, everything was truly fantastic - particularly for the price. Rooms on the top floors have views of the Tuileries, and rooms in the back are incredibly quiet (though without any view at all). I booked through Expedia, but I would recommend calling/emailing the hotel directly instead, as the rates are no different and you will get more personalized service booking direct. Given the high prices of nicer hotels in Paris (particularly with our flailing American dollars), this was a great deal. Plenty of space, very comfortable bed/furnishings, and an astonishingly large bathroom for an older European hotel! I would recommend this place highly.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great experience Having been to Paris several times, I've never found a hotel I really liked. This time I did my research and chose the Brighton mainly because of the positive reviews on Tripadvisor. I didn't regret it. As everyone else has said, the location is terrific, central to practically everything. I booked direct with the hotel and was able to choose my room based on the info on this site. We had room 511 on the top floor, with a stunning view over the Tuileries Gardens to the Seine. To the right was the Eiffel Tower and to the left was the Louvre. The staff were helpful and the room was very comfortable and quiet. It was a bit more pricey to have the view, but well worth it. I've finally found a Paris hotel I would recommend and would stay at again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Linda3
<Content>lovely hotel Had a wonderful stay at the Brighton with my college-age son for 6 nights over New Year's in a twin-bedded, unrenovated room facing the Tuileries. We were first given room #418 which had a balcony with a stupendous view, but we woke up the next morning to the sound of bath water that seemed likely, at any moment, to crash through the wall over our heads. Thankfully, the staff at reception were gracious and able to change our room to #319, again twin-bedded with balcony, also unrenovated, but twice the size of the other bedroom with a lovely, huge bathroom also at least twice larger. The configuration of the room and the fact that it was at the end of a hall meant we heard absolutely nothing from any other room or from the hallway. The beds were very comfortable -- but we will forever adore the Brighton for the magnificent New Year's Eve fireworks show we witnessed and recorded from our balcony -- fireworks set off in the Tuileries that were so breathtakingly close we actually recoiled at moments believing sparks would fly into our room. All the staff were very helpful but I must single out Bernard, who was exceptional. I had spoken with him a month before our arrival to plan for New Year's Eve. His suggestion of Le Willi's Wine Bar was perfect, expensive for what I am used to but much less so than most other places that night. All in all a memorable stay, close to all with the Tuileries Metro right across the street and the Louvre literally a couple of blocks down the road -- but at 160EU, considerably less than the Meurice, just one block away in the other direction on the same street! What a value. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous view and location       View of Eiffel Tower from our room window  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sweet... Awesome....i loved it. in the middle of everything i wanted to do. i have only 2 complaints. i had an old room (#214), the bathroom (especially the bathtub) was gross....and i had an old tv with like no channels. just fuzz. other than that, i had a great time staying in that hotel. oh and one other complaint.....the maid service stole one of my favorite sweaters....i was pretty ------ when i eventually realized this. oh and if you are going to stay there and want some great chinese food, there is a liquor/chinese food place. it was like a bodega with lo mein and schnapps. go out the door of the brighton, make a left. go 2 blocks and make a left. go down about a block and its on your left side....really awesome. also, check out the monoprix on rivoli.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sucre
<Content>Great location and value This hotel is a great value and the location can't be beat. Right by the Louvre and the Tulleries as well as easy Metro access. Our room faced a side street so there was very little noise. Bathroom was large as well, which is rather rare. We plan to stay there next time we are in Paris.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room, Great View, Great Location We stayed during Thanksgiving week, 2004- six nights. Our room was 285 euro/night, a junior suite located on the fourth floor corner. It was a very large room with a large bath. The mattress was superior. The views were wonderful and the location of the hotel was ideal. we never heard a noise from any rooms adjacent to ours, nor from the hall way. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The maid service superior. We would recommend this hotel and will stay there again when we return to Paris. As to the negatiave comments I have seen on this web-site, they have all been about the lower cost rooms, and the excellent reviews have with out exception been about the higher costs rooms.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miCann
<Content>Great Location We got a great rate, but paid for it by staying in a sad, noisy room. Other parts of the hotel looked much more attractive. But it's hard to beat the great location on the Rue de Rivoli. The front desk was very helpful about making restaurant reservations. I would stay here again, but maybe upgrade to a recently renovated room.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best kept secret in Paris I love the Brighton. Its staff is wonderful. My mother and I have been going there for years. The concierge at the Brighton always knows the best restaurants in regards to one's budget at preferences. His contacts for entertainment are invaluable. Best of all, the Hotel Brighton is just a two minute walk away from the best hot chocolate in Paris!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A room change and we were good to go! We also booked the economy 119 euro room over the Thanksgiving holiday. We were given room 110, a lovely room with a very nice bath. We would have been satisfied if we has not been kept awake by the constant opening and closing of the automatic door directly below. We requested a move and were given room 307 another lovely room with a tub worthy of saltans. The room was clean and fresh. Plus we had a lovely view of the gardens across the Rue de Rivoli. It was a perfect location with a metro across the street. We did not ask for much advice from the staff but they always welcomed us on our return.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBG8
<Content>Fine for the Price... We stayed at this hotel over Thanksgiving. We booked an economy room for EURO 119. You get what you pay for. The room was not renovated, but clean. The floor was uneven, the mattress was saggy and worst of all the walls were paper thin. We heard everything from people talking/fighting in their rooms to people using the bathroom. I found it difficult to sleep there and we winded up switching hotels. We moved to Le Relais Saint- Honore (which is about 4 blocks from the Brighton) and loved Le Relasi Saint-Honore. It is a very small hotel (probably 13 rooms or so), the hotel looks brand new, the rooms are very attractive (but small compared to U.S. standards) and the staff was incredibly nice and helpful. There is free internet service and a computer for your use in the lobby. Location of both the Brighton and the Le Relais Saint- Honore are perfect for tourists (like us).  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MikeB_NyLon
<Content>Location, location, location.... I stayed at Hotel Brighton for one evening on Fri., November 26th. The location is perfect. We were given an old room on the interior courtyard - absolutely appalling - the worst room I'd ever seen, including hostels I stayed in while backpacking through Europe in college!! I immediately went down to the front desk and complained; I had booked an economy room (119 euro) and this was the only room available. After telling me the hotel was full, 2 min later I was shown a renovated room (decent size, nicely furnished, no view) and a old room (219), well decorated, enormous and with a fantastic view. I would definitely recommend this hotel for its location, but please note what you are getting before you reserve as the quality of the rooms vary considerably.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bugs.... ugh While this hotel is ideally situated, and have a reasonable staff. There is a wide disparity between the newer and older rooms. I was placed in an older room that did not have working cable television, adequate heating, and had a shabby old worn out feel to it. The worst part was when I arrived after a long day in PAris, and was told mt things were moved, because of little bugs. Well, as a result of whatever was in that hotel, I have been covered in very iitchy lesions all over my body. For my discomfort, I was given a newer room in the back rather than the room with the view I had before, free beakfasts, and a discount (which I asked for). The discount they gave me amounted to 1/20th of my hotel stay, and was done with very little grace. I couldnt leave the hotel because I was there with a large group, so their poor treatment was even more pronounced. SCabies really really itch, and are a pain to get rid of. Be careful at this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is A+ everything else is a C We chose the Hotel Brighton following glowing reviews on Trip Advisor... great view, clean etc...Well we got to the Hotel and the location IS spot on; just 2 minutes walk from the Louvre, 2 minutes from Place de la Concorde on Rue de Rivoli and with a super view of the Eiffel Tower (so I hear...).We were a bit dissappointed with the room allocated to us. The concierge informed us that we could have a renovated room so we were imagining a bit of luxury. As it turned out our room was small and functional. It had air-con a tv and a minibar, but that was basically it. The bathroom was small but sufficient with an ok size shower. The room was on the E/S floor (1st floor) meaning it was just below the arches of the Rue de Rivoli so no view at all but plenty of road noise.The Hotel Brighton has no restaurant or bar. They do serve petit-dejeuner on a morning for EURO 8 per person.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The views are just to die for!!! Stayed here for a long week-end, November 4th - 8th, in Room 308 and the views from that room were marvellous, the Louvre, the Musee D'Orsay and the Eiffel Tower and we overlooked the Tuilleries, these views were even better at night when Paris was lit-up!!! The room was comfortable, fantastic bathroom - huge and the bed was one of the most comfy that I have slept in anywhere in the world and the hotel is in a wonderful location. Breakfast is a bit disappointing, the pain au chocolat at the Musee D'Orsay are superb!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Careful - call them directly Stayed here for 4 days during our last trip to Paris in Sept because of the great reviews. I reserved through one of the internet websites and about a week later I called to confirm and there was no booking in my name. The website confirmed they had a reservation but the hotel never did receive a confirmation from the website. This is not the first time this has happened to me.The staff were very helpful and after 4 or 5 calls, they gave us a large room with 3 single beds but we had to pay 24Euros extra and there was no AC. It was noisy outside our window which we had to leave open as it was very warm. The location is perfect (about a block from the louvre) and you can walk to almost everything or take the river Siene ferrys across the main blvd. Don't forget, it is Paris and you will not receive the same amenities as you would in a similar hotel in North America. Overall, it was clean and comfortable (except the AC and noise) and there were no other problems. However, when I go back, I will probably shop around and try to find a small hotel off the beaten path as there are many in this area.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LSUGirl
<Content>Great Location, but be careful... We stayed at the Brighton because a close friend recommended it and the high ratings from this site. The location is fantastic, overlooking the Tuileries Garden and the metro is just a block away. HOWEVER, no one told us about the renovated new rooms v. the old rooms. We were just told to select either Garden or courtyard views. When we arrived, we were given a huge key right out of a medieval storybook. As we made our way down the 4 foot wide hallway to Room 222, I had a sinking feeling and bursted into tears when I saw this old room. The toliet was 3 feet from the bed in a closet while the bathroom was on the other side of the room seperated by the bedroom and dressing area. We were told that the hotel was booked and there was no way we could immediately switch rooms. After a couple of nights (and a huge tip to the front desk), we were able to move into a renovated room. This new room was much more comfortable, except it was right above the automatic front doors, so we heard the door mechanisms all night.WARNING to any future guests: Do not worry about the view as much as you should worry about the type of room. The renovated room is a comfortable Holiday Inn quality, but the old room is a nightmare.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S&S
<Content>Great Location  Just returned from a 5 night stay here. Location is terrific as many reviewers have noted. Easy walking distance to Louvre, Orsay, Tulleries, Pont Neuf, etc. Front desk is helpful at all shifts and speak English. They offered to keep some of our bags for a couple of days to lighten our load for our TGV trip to Burgundy - no charge. And, they were helpful in making a restaurant reservation. We stayed in two different rooms - #21 and #320. Neither were renovated but both were still quaint and charming. Room #21 was tiny, no room to move around, although the bathroom was rather spacious. Room #320 was much larger but also more expensive. Both were on the courtyard with no view. If a view is important, make it a priority to request it upon reservation. Both were quiet and had no street noise. However, as also noted by other reviewers, the walls between the rooms are often quite thin and you may hear your neighbors. A couple of details may be missed here and there (one room had no hair dryer and the one in the other room didn't work, TV reception comes in and out at times, faulty light fixtures.) But, this is more than made up for by many other nice touches (front desk holds you room key each time you leave and remembers you when you return, consistent and very fine maid service.) Bottom line, in my research, you can't find a nicer room for the price in the 1st arrondisement.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scott&mary
<Content>Great location  We just returned from Paris, having spent 3 nights at Hotel Brighton. We stayed in an unrenovated room, which was adequate for these few nights, but the beautiful view we had made up for anything lacking in the room. From our balcony we could see the Eiffel Tower, Louvre, etc. A metro stop is across the street, the Louvre is a 5 minute walk away  there are plenty of nice restaurants within a 5 minute walk. This hotel's strength is in its great location! Continental breakfast at 8 Euros was okay, staff, particularly Bernard, was friendly  helpful. Spend the 19 Euros a person  take their hotel shuttle to the airport. It's quick  fast! We would definitely stay in this hotel again but probably in a renovated room next time. Only criticism: They forgot our wake-up call the morning our flight left. Thankfully, we woke up on our own.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top-value hotel on the right bank Just returned from a short break in Paris where I stayed at two hotels, the second being the Brighton. Had no choice of room; only one left as it was the weekend of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamps and Paris was swamped with the British racing fraternity! Stayed in Room 305 which is on the side of the hotel and therefore doesn't have a panoramic view like the rooms fronting on to the Rue de Rivoli, but still has a view over the Tuilleries and is a bit quieter. The room was massive by Parisian standards (junior suite 198 euros) and had a bathroom as big as those at the Savoy in London. Excellently renovated and equipped.As it is a couple of doors down from the Meurice you could lunch or dine there, use their facilities, but only pay a third of the price for your accommodation at the Brighton.Great location, great value.However if you want bacon and eggs for breakfast English style ask for oeufs sur le plat and for your bacon to be served whole. Otherwise you will get (badly) scrambled eggs with bits of bacon in them.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay again We recently had two rooms at the Brighton Hotel which is on Rue De Rivoli opposite the Tuilleries Gardens. Exceptionally well located in the centre of Paris with wonderful gardens across the road. Each room was 162 Euro per night per double with breakfast included. It is a little on the pricey side but still good value. The rooms we had were renovated and one of them was quite spacious. Even the smaller one was a reasonable size. The staff were very helpful. You have a trade off to make on room location. If you overlook the Gardens or close too them with a partial view, Rue De Rivoli is very busy and noisy. If you overlook the inner part of the building you loose the majestic views but its very quiet. I would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel, wonderful location The Hotel Brighton had great amenities and the bed was so comfortable! I loved the view from my window and how it was only ever a short walk to where I wanted to go. I also liked how I wasn't staying at an American hotel abroad. I wanted the full Parisian experience and I got it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite hotel in the world We stayed at the Brighton for two weeks in June and for 8 nights in August 2004. We loved every second of it. The location is perfect, within walking distance of all the major attractions and the view from the room was breathtaking. Each night we could see the Eiffel tower sparkling on the hour every hour from our bed! The staff were beautiful people. They kept our two hand luggages for over 8 weeks while we travelled through Italy, and did not charge a cent! The junior suite is the best value hotel room in Paris. You will save literally hundreds of dollars if you stay at the Brighton, rather than the Meurice down the road. Take advantage of the airport transfer service, it is excellent value, compared to taking a taxi.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - But.... Great Location but?br/>We recently stayed at the Hotel Brighton for 3 nights and generally a great time.The Hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Tuileries metro (the RER B train from Charles De Gaulle stops at Chatelet and then hop on to the La Defense Metro for a quick 3 mt ride to the Tuileries Metro station ?do note that the stations on this line are not all equipped with escalators/elevators ?using the train to get to the hotel from the airport with heavy luggage could be a concern). The Concorde Metro Station is a 5-10 mt walk. With regards to sightseeing, the Louvre was a 5 mts walk, the Placa Concorde with the Obelisk a 5-10 mt walk, the Plaza Vendome a 5-10 mt walk ?you get the point. The bottomline - the hotel location is just perfect for sightseeing, for transfers from the airport and even shopping ?if you want something quieter and less ouristy? I would suggest looking elsewhere.The Hotel staff were polite, friendly and recognized the fact that several tourists/visitors had access to the Internet and a negative/positive review would vastly influence the hotel's prospects.Now comes the ut?part ?we had a smaller room facing the courtyard side of the hotel ?the room size like many other Parisian hotels was small but adequate ?bathroom was great. The only point of inconvenience were the xtremely thin?walls ?No AC meant keeping the window open which only amplified the issue. The walls seemed so thin that one could hear almost anything from adjoining rooms/floors ?I would summarize the issue by We are glad that I didn bring our 10 year old along ?explaining the nature of the sound/noise would have required a great deal of imagination.All in all ?a very nice hotel ?would definitely go back with the aforementioned caveat  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GrinneM
<Content>Absolutely wonderful-will go back Had trawled through tripadvisor and a pile of paris hotel websites before eventually choosing the Brighton. I was thrilled with my choice. My friend and I were in Paris for three days with the intention of seeing the major tourist spots and having a relaxing break. I genuinely feel that staying in the Brighton turned this from a good holiday into a truly memorable one.We stayed in a junior suite (no.309) which had the most fantastic view. Two french windows opened onto a long balcony which overlooked the Jardins des Tuileries. To the left was the Louvre and to the right Place de la Concorde and the Eiffel Tower. It was tempting to just stand staring all day instead of leaving the hotel! When we did leave though we found that it was possible to walk almost everywhere. Champs Elyse is around 10mins away, Louvre is 5mins, Notre Dame approx 15-20mins. The room was large with 2 single/twin beds, a writing desk, dressing table, sofa, armchair, minibar and safe. Multichannel TV meant mainly French channels, CNN, NBC and German MTV. So we're now far more educated re the stock exchange etc!The bathroom was fabulous with bath, separate shower (good power) and double sink.My only gripe was that we never figured out how to work the air-conditioning...Staff were pleasant without being overbearing and had very good English. They booked Moulin Rouge for us and were on hand for taxis etc. Also got shuttle bus which was ?9 each-we thought it was worth it to avoid dragging bags etc to airport (although hotel is almost directly opposite Tuileries metro station)Overall would highly recommend and plan to return as soon as I can afford another holiday!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and location A wonderfully convenient location and excellent value. My son and I stayed three nights at Hotel Brighton in March 2003. I had discovered it when I shared breakfast there with a friend who was staying at another hotel nearby. Ryan and I had a second story room facing the street...the view is second to none in Paris! On the far left was the Louvre, in front of us was the Tulleries Gardens and to our right the Eiffel Tower. The tower is really lovely at night. (Please note: you might have to stay on a higher floor to have the same view later in the year when the trees are in full foliage.) We enjoyed each morning in the beautiful breakfast area and could not have asked for better service. A helpful staff member scheduled a fixed-price private shuttle to take us to the airport, so we could save money over taking a taxi. I hope to return. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved this hotel Just returned from staying 4 nights at the Brighton mid-June 2004. I selected this hotel after reading comments from Trip Advisor. I booked a junior suite for 3 people (my husband, myself and teenage son). We stayed in room 308 a corner room on the 3rd floor with 3 sets of french doors. We had a king bed and a fold-out couch. The room was extremely large, nicely decorated and the bathroom ran the length of the room (separate tub and shower). The location was great for walking to see the sites. The nightime view of the Eiffle Tower was spectacular. Rennovations at this time were in the front of the hotel in the lobby and did not affect our stay. There are actually two elevators, one is larger and newer than the other. I would definitely stay at the Brighton again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brab
<Content>Great Hotel Big Big Rooms This hotel is directly across from Tuileries Gardens right on Rue Rivoli. Only 1 block from the Louvre. We had a large unrenovated but totally charming room to start with, but the creaky floor, no shower and no english TV encouraged us to move (though the night time view of the Eiffel Tower was hard to give up). Our renovated room was huge and the extra large bathroom came complete with a separate shower stall. As others have stated, this hotel is in constant renovation and our stay was no exception but it did not affect us at all. We rather liked using the old tiny tiny elevator and the uneven floors added some extra charm. We would definetly stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel . It was a pleasure.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best!!!!! April, 2004 Location, Location, Location. My sister and I just returned from Paris and this was our first visit. We had a great room with a view of the tullerie gardens and the hotel is just a block from the Louve. The staff are very friendly and they were just finishing up their remodeling. My favorite....The towel warmer in the bathroom. Very great hotel for the price, location and hospitality. I will certainly stay at the Hotel Brighton on our next return to Paris. If you choose breakfast, you won't be disappointed. For about 9 eruos you get juice, cofee and an assortments of breads.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the view Stayed at the Brighton from April 7-12, 2004. The renovations continue. We were in a junior suite overlooking the garden. It was an incredible view. The Louvre, Musee dOrsay, the Eiffel Tower were all in view. The location was central, we could walk everywhere. We will stay at this hotel whenever we are in Paris. It was a great value for the location.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gravesco
<Content>Great Hotel My daughter and I spent 1 night in March 2004 at the Brighton Hotel and were very pleased with the hotel. The hotel had been recommended to us by friends who had also stayed there. We had a double room (two twin beds) on the 3rd floor with a view of the gardens. It was one of the renovated rooms and quite nice. The best part of the room was the incredible view from our window and balcony - amazing at night! The bathroom was very nice (although the hand-held shower setup did take some effort to avoid putting water all over the floor - the glass shower partion only covered 1/2 of the tub space; I had the same setup in my hotel in London). The front desk staff were very helpful in suggesting restaurants and even calling to see if we needed to make reservations for dinner; they were also quite helpful in making sure that we could get a taxi to take us to the train station during the Paris rush hour. We would definately stay there again - the location (across the garden from Lourve) can not be beat. It is also right across the Rue du Rivoli from a metro stop (although we walked everwhere and did not use it).  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great find We were very fortunate to have found Hotel Brighton. Having never been to Paris we were very happy with the hotel. It was a great location close to the Metro. We took the Air France bus from the airport to town. The Metor stop is right there and an easy trip to the Metro stop across from the hotel. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brighton Renovation   showReview(1497856, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>soso   showReview(1419703, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel!!   showReview(1401114, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect respite   showReview(1346820, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect Paris   showReview(1273310, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible View at Brighton!!   showReview(1219769, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved This Hotel   showReview(1213120, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All of Paris from your Balcony!   showReview(1027018, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Brighton   showReview(932705, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing View   showReview(832936, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(22855655, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Escamerla
<Content>Excelente en todo!!!   showReview(20914101, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(21744585, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Urlaubsreise
<Content>Super Hotel Super Zimmeraussicht   showReview(19422415, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>saraurbini
<Content>Un piccolo gioiello nel cuore di Parigi!   showReview(12206701, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19163368, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Lage - netter Service   showReview(11434089, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(21802004, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19157768, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?!   showReview(19157749, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>   showReview(19155890, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19929501, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?..   showReview(19927040, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>15000?..   showReview(19926384, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit-prix...   showReview(12871354, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

