<Author>Moojie
<Content>Fantastic Holiday!!!! We go to Bali every year but this is the first time we have gone the apartment style accommodation. It was so wonderful to have so much room. We have 3 children and we stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment. The apartment was lovely and clean and extremely spacious. It contained everything we needed for a great holiday. The hotel itself is not as large as others we have stayed in over in Bali. The staff were fantastic. I hardly saw my kids (ages 4  6) as they wanted to spend every waking minute in the kids club. The staff at the Kids Club were absolutely lovely!! The pool area was really nice. It is located quite close to the kids club so I still felt like I was near the kids while they were not interested in me!!!The gym is fully equipped and modern. The whole hotel is new looking.I can not comment on the breakfasts as my husband cooked mine every morning in our fully contained kitchen in the the apartment. The hotel has an awesome bakery called the Pause Cafe!!! Every afternoon it was cake time. The most amazing cakes costing anything from $0.70 to $2.00AUD!!!Although the hotel is not on the beach it is a 10 minute walk thru a beautiful golf course. Alternatively you can catch a bus compliments of the hotel which takes 2 minutes. We will definately be back!!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>orson_y
<Content>best value for money in nusa dua i booked a room with a king sized bed. when i checked in, i was pleasantly surprised how big the toilet is. i've seen the bathtub that opens up to the bedroom. but to appreciate the hugeness of the room, you'll have to see it yourself as most of the pictures do not show the whole bathroom. i think you can comfortably put a queen size bed in it.anyway, the place was good, the atmosphere was homey. i think the condos in singapore copied the building layout from this place. i was surprised how they have people wade through the swimming pool to remove the flowers that drop every morning. the staff are generally helpful and efficient.i did not really expect so much of this place, as it is one of the lower priced hotels in nusa dua. but i guarantee you this place is excellent value for money, the place is so quiet, that in the middle of the night, when other guest go back to their room, you can't help but hear every step they make. you'll also be awakened by the birds and dove cooing in the morning. its quite a different experience from the city life.now for the needs improvement part. they give only 2 bottles of water per room. i know this is a standard practice, but if you want to be extra special, i suggest you double that number. c'mon bali is a tropical country so expect people to drink more than the usual bottle of water.the breaskfast in square room was a mix bag for me. i loved the fresh breads located on the farthest corner that i almost missed it. they have limited japanese sushi and rolls for breakfast - i think this is an odd one as i think even the japanese do not each sushi for breakfast. the meat selection was limited to crispy bacon and chicken sausage. the fresh fruits was also okay. as well as the drinks and cereal variety. i wished they have the egg white only option in their egg station. they have some local dishes as well, like vegetable curry , sweet and sour fish, congee, and others that i've forgotten. i was disappointed with the bee hoon, which looked like it was purposely broken into pieces rather than kept long. remember that it is important for chinese to have their noodles long as it signifies long life. in this case the bee hoon noodles here were like purposely cut to 1 inch long. the other fare in the breakfast buffet were a bit disappointing like the fried noodles and fried rice. one of the major let down is that they didn't seem to notice how the customers were sweating. i wished they could have offered some cold towels. and since this is an open air restaurant, you end up with unwanted guests - flies are ready to swoop in if you leave your food unattended. i'am not sure if it is effective, but some restaurants in indonesia leaves a lighted candle to ward off the flies. this is actually one reason why i was hesitant to touch the sushi and the cheese plate, as i know this is be one of the main target of the flies.now on to the gym, i think it was a nice and complete. i was just worried if the water cooler is using the tap as its water source as i do not see any plastic container that one usually see for spring water. i had this suspicion because the water taste slightly salty. another wierd setup was the jacuzzi, i do not know why it was filled to the brim. once you turn it on, it will automatically overflow. there are electircal lights just beside it, so i did not dare enter into the tub as it would just add to the overflow and i do not want to tempt fate and risk being electricuted.i'am not sure why ice seem to be a premium in bali in general. you have to ask for it in restaurants. otherwise you won't get it with your drinks. the welcome drink i got while checking in was a teeny tiny bit of uber sweet fruit juice - again no ice. actually that welcome drink made me afraid of what else will come as i knew i booked a hotel that is on the affordable side. but that apprehension was immediately removed when i saw my room.they also have free wifi in my room and in the lobby, which was a nice touch. and the staffs are helpful if you want to get a metered taxi. the hotel also offers free shuttle service to bali collection as well as its own private beach.i hope you don't dwell on the negatives of this review as i've said at the start - this place is great value for money. i guess this might be the reason why those little tiny things are not dealt with. i am just being fuzzy in this review because i think this can be done without too much affecting the hotel's bottomline.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RikkiT
<Content>Great Resort, all you need Once we arrived at the right hotel (the taxi driver took us to the novotel in Benoa first which looked amazing!!!) my partner and I were so please to find that we actually had a self contained apartment as our accommodation at the Novotel. It was very spacious and the balcony overlooked the beautiful gardens and pool area.The novotel has everything you need in a resort: - A great pool area which is very clean, never any problems with getting a sun bed- Fantastic selection of food for breakfast in the restaurant - Free shuttle to private beach- Yummy, cheap food for room service (by the pool)- Happy hour every night- Fabulous gym with a fitness trainer always present to help out if needed- Beautiful Day SpaWe stayed for 4 nights before moving to Ubud, this was the perfect amount of time as there's not too much to do in Nusa Dua other than relax. If it's lying by the pool drinking cocktails that you're after, then this will suit you.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>moorandmoor
<Content>Fantastic Hotel. Highly Recomended for Families!       The Restaurant- Great Buffet Breakfast  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IndonesiaLongTerm
<Content>Very nice We enjoyed our stay in this hotel.Our children enjoyed riding bicycles and playing in the pool. The kids club was quite nice also.We had a one-bedroom apartment which was very nice for our family. More space than a regular hotel room. The room and the grounds were very clean.The breakfast buffet was very nice also.The staff is quite friendly.The evening buffet was a bit expensive, so we went to the Novotel Tanjung Benoa for their evening buffet (it's a bit less expensive). We enjoy the Novotel food all over Indonesia.This location has a bit different feel than the other Novotel resorts in Indonesia, since it has apartments. It's a bit less ethnic / exotic in its feeling and atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>eagertofly
<Content>Excellent breakfast but awfully long dinner       Novotel Nusa Dua Lobby  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>anneeliza
<Content>great rooms on the golf corse and by the beach lovely, big apartment style rooms around a very nice pool and restaurant. Great service and great location in the middle of the Bali golf club and right by a lovely quiet beach, complete with beach club just a short buggy ride or 2 minute stroll along the side of the 17th fairway. Also short stroll to wide range of excellent restaurants and shopping.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarkTas
<Content>Very Nice Our family of 4 (kids 8 and 5) stayed for a week. We had a very enjoyable stay using most of the facilities on offer. A few points to note:Kids club - although the room is basic the staff do an excellent job to entertain the kids with a variety of activies in and outside the room - our kids were always wanting to go back - and we didn't have a problem with that.Pool and gardens were well presented and the water temperature was perfectly acceptable. There was not a lot of people around the pool at any point even though I was told the hotel was 90% occupied.We had a two bedroom unit with its own pool which although we did not use provided a nice ambience to the unit. The unit was very modern and the level of cleanliness was good. The only comment I would make was on the odd occassion there was an odour in the bathroom which I think stemmed from the water - I didn't make any comment to the hotel but simply lit some incenseto hide the smell. The business/cafe area was a bit limiting in that there was only 1 computer to access internet (so bring your own if need be).The beach is not that far away but far enough away not to bother with - especially if you are not a beach person - even if the beach was on the doorstep we would only use it proabably 10% compared to 90% poolside.We spoke to a couple that had a room nearby where some building works were underway - they indicated the works continued until about 10 at night - I walked past the construction site one night and what a racquet - angle grinders, jack hammers. If booking a room stay clear of the work site.Overall we had a great time - Nusa Dua is a nice part of Bali to holiday in. The staff are very friendly and attentive and we would have no hesitation returning again (which we are intending to)  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>eatingoutSydney
<Content>Great for families Initially I was a little hesitant to stay at the Novotel Nusa Dua because it is not on the beach. The beach is closer than I had thought after reading about this hotel on the internet, in fact, it is only across the road.As we were travelling with our 2 small children, the issue of the beachfront dissappeared. The kids were running around and enjoying the pool area and kids club and I thought how much safer it actually is NOT being beachside with young children.So for families, I strongly recommend this hotel... for a relaxing holiday for parents.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sparvar
<Content>Great value, fab hotel Loved Bali, the hotel was excellent, not the best is Nusa Dua but it is 4* and half the price of the others, very very good value for money and I would definitely stay here if I went back again.It was a good hotel. At first we couldn't work out why it was 4 * (and not 5) but I think this is due to the facilities, the pool was lovely and there was a gym, massage area, etc but there weren't too many sunbeds, etc. Although to be fair this wasn't a problem. Some of the grounds in the 5* hotels were better but to fair I felt we really got the best value for money here.The other guests were very nice, they were mainly Japanese.We stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment with a private swimming pool which was excellent and so cheap, we ordered loads of room service and it worked out at less than 拢100 a night. The room had a kitchen, 2 big plasma TV's (with DVD/cable), 2 bathrooms, fabulous baths and showers, the rooms were very tastefully decorated, aircon, etc. Everything was very good, I think they only finished building it in April 2007. The pool was freezing though! The 5* hotels in the area were more than this for a tiny room so I was glad we stayed here.The staff were very polite and friendly but their English wasn't fabulous (but as I can't speak their language I can't complain!)The action area the hotel is in is Nusa Dua which literally just has hotels and not much else, you will need a taxi to go out anywhere. Bali is fabulous, I would advise if you stay not to order the breakfast from the buffet, it is much cheaper just to ordr room service, it was 拢5 for 2 of us each day for a huge breakfast.Make sure you book a car for the day if you stay and they will drive you to see all the sights on Bali for around 拢25 for a 10 hour day which you can't really complain at (you can book drivers through the hotel, our driver was called Budi who I would highly recommend, I am sure he won't mind you ringing him directly on 081 558 139 595 to book).Please also remember if you're going to stay in Indonesia that the people are very poor and live off around $50 USD a month - please tip where you can and don't be too angry if people try to sell you things, they are just trying to feed their families.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Familytravellers005
<Content>Great family holiday       Tropical flowers everywhere  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JaktownFamilyJakarta
<Content>Terrific for Families We stayed in a beautifully decorated two bedroom apartment at the Novotel in Nusa Dua, Bali for ten days in March 2008 and enjoyed every minute of our stay. Importantly, it was a fun stay for our almost three year old son and almost one year old daughter. The pool was well shaded and the kid's club was terrific. The staff well trained and the equipment new. Our stay took in the Easter period and our son enjoyed the easter egg painting event. One of the many seasonal events staged throughout the year at the kid's club. My husband enjoyed the well-appointed fitness club and the wireless internet. Be sure to pack the laptop. We also enjoyed the hotel's Blue Bar at night. Especially the cocktails and dessert. The breakfast buffet was extensive and the kid's menu served by room service was cost effective for tired little guests. The hotel is near a good selection of local restaurants and tourist markets as well as a well priced local laundry to handle the large wash generated by a busy family on holiday. The management were wonderful and when my three year old asked where we could see elephants they advised us to travel to the newly opened Taman Safari Park. We travelled by private car as we needed one with a baby seat. Our day there started with an elephant ride, broke for lunch at a restaurant overlooking the lions, followed by a trip through the jungle in a new safari tram to see the animals and ended with a stop at the brand new water park that was perfect for toddlers and adults alike. A great day out!Our only minor criiticisms of the hotel are that the apartment kitchen could have included a microwave and the hotel could have a mini-market. We wouldn't hesitate to return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ruthndul
<Content>Very large Pool,       at the beach  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mecar
<Content>fabulous holiday Stayed at the hotel in a two bedroom apartment with my son,daughter-in-law and their 10 month old son. We all had the best holiday, the staff were fantastic, friendly, helpful and a delight. No complaints at all, the apartment was well serviced, room service was very good, all in all, would and have recommended this hotel, we are keen to come back. Am planning to re visit Bali and will most definately stay at the Novotel in Nusa Dua on my next visit, hopefully will aim for the same apartment, ended up feeling like home. Great Place.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Defenders
<Content>Won't Return We stayed at Novotel Nusa Dua for three nights (Feb 7-10th). We had a two bedroom suite which was tastefully decorated with wood flooring and very modern bathrooms. The suite was comfortable and quiet. The hotel is small compared to other hotels in the area. The hotel needs to do better with housekeeping. They don't clean well and I found more dust than I can take. For this type of hotel, I was surprised to find cheap towels. We were very disappointed with the breakfast buffet. Their coffee is terrible, and they need help making better eggs. Their food is not good so I wouldn't bother with room service. Service at Novotel pales compared to many places we stayed at in Bali. We were there during the Chinese New Year and the hotel was nearly full. Unfortunately, we had to endure many rude visitors who were demanding and did not know how to line up and wait their turn.The Spa is okay. I'm used to really great spas so I wouldn't bother going back. It's too noisy and they provide no robes or sarongs before your treatment. I wouldn't recommend the two therapists treatment . While staying at the Novotel, I had a spa treatment at Mandara Spa at the Nikko and that was worth the taxi ride and the price difference.Staff at the Kid's Club were nice and welcoming. We go to Bali once a year and we won't be staying at Novotel again. The beautiful rooms are simply not enough.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Priangan
<Content>A lot of room for improvement The staffs were friendly, but they were inefficient. The French GM and the French chef tend to treat foreigners well, but they don't seem to value feedback from Indonesians.Very, very disappointing when it comes to customer service.Held a company meeting there. Strange that the left over refreshment were not allowed to be packed to be given away to the needy families who live near by the hotel instead of disposing them. Made a request to their HR Manager and the Dy GM about it, the next day they even tightened the rule. Other hotels usually always ask if we want to pack the left over food from the buffet and refreshment that we order. Great staffs (IMelda  Dewi) at the Kid's Club though.Don't recommend to stay here if you are local  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leanne1812
<Content>Good value but lacking amenities Hello fellow tripadvisors,Having recently returned from a 5 night stay at the Novotel here is my opinion of this resort. Firstly 8 members of my family stayed here. 5 of us in a 3 bed unit and 3 in a 2 bed with private pool. The pool unit was fantastic and well worth the extra paid. There were no 3 bed available with pool when we booked and when we saw it we were even more disappointed. All in all for the price we paid, 拢23 pppn I can't complain about the accomodation.On arrival at 2.45pm only the 2 bed unit was ready so we all made our way there and surveyed the unit. It was clean, spacious and of course the pool area was wonderful. After leaving our cases we went to the hotel restaurant for a snack. The menu was pretty good but unfortunately despite there only being 1 other table with 6 diners we waited about 30 minutes for our food to arrive and it was, at best, mediocre. Needless to say that was the last time we used the restaurant. We booked a room only package and thought we would check out the breakfast on offer before committing. My husband went over the next morning and said not to bother, at 拢9 a head it just wasn't worth it. There are plenty of little restaurants less than a 5 minute walk with an abundance of choice. At the resort it just seemed to lack a holiday atmosphere, it was very quiet, probably due to the inflated prices. The beach was lovely and it was a very short shuttle ride which was frequent and you could have a drink or some lovely fresh fruit baskets which were very refreshing. Again it was quiet which was probably a good thing as i could imagine a shortage of loungers if it was busy.My sister stayed at the Melia on her last visit to Bali and we did use their facilities one day. It was definately a much superior resort and what a difference it makes being right on the beach, this hotel was busy, had a very good lunch menu with prompt service and there was a good selection of watersports available on site. We also had dinner here one night, it was a spanish buffet with a fantastic selection including champagne with plentiful refills at 拢12 a head.To conclude, the novotel accomodation itself was great but the facilities and proximity from the beach let the resort down. Next time i'll pay more and stay at a beach resort.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>arsw1
<Content>Terrible Service I stayed in Novotel Nusa Dua during my Christmas vacation as well as to attend a wedding in Nusa Dua.There are things that I think the hotel can definitely improve on in terms of customer service. A few examples on what they missed:- Room service is a hit and miss. Sometimes they attend to you right away, but other times they just didn't do anything. One very particular thing, I am a local tourist - it seems they provide better service when I used English to request room service!- The room cleaning is not very thorough - they missed things and some of the times they didn't furnish back all of the toiletries.- The way they treat the customers in the restaurant is not very professional at times. Once I asked for coffee, after waiting about 10 minutes, I asked the same waiter again. He answered in a heightened tone and with a not very pleasant reply...The hotel itself is nice since it is new. We stayed in one of their apartment units with our own pool. The unit is also quite well equipped with appliances that might come handy if you are staying for a longer term (e.g. stoves, fridges, etc.).In terms of facilities, they have pool, children club, spa, and cafe, but no gym or nearby beach. Their private beach, which is real nice, is a 2-minute shuttle ride or about 10 minutes walk.All in all, I might have to find other place to stay if I were to go to Nusa Dua again..  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Richy27
<Content>Very good compromise We stayed 8 days in this very nice new hotel, with 2 kids and what a good surprise..Appartments are so nice, with typical decoration and such a nice ambiance. Kids club is well equipped, beach and swimming pools also.Hotel staff are well trained and here for all your needs.We will, for sure, stay again in this so relaxing place.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Papuacragrat
<Content>Great stay Thoroughly enjoyed stay at Novotel Nusa Dua although it rained 3 straight days over Christmas. Not a good time to enjoy the pool. My 8 yr old thoroughly enjoyed the Kids Club. The staff were good with the kids. A very international clientale. Frustratingly the pool towels were always out when we did go to the pool - which is a great one for kids.The one bedroom suite was fine for us - it took a while to explain to front desk folks on checkin that we did not want 2 single beds in the bedroom but one large bed and that we needed bedding for the couch for our daughter. Loved the spaciousness of the unit and decor. Great to have TVs - one in the bedroom and one in the LR. Being right at the south gate, we were able to walk out to find other eateries - less than half a dozen choices. Nothing fancy and definitely not like staying at Kuta. If you're looking for night life, this area is not for you! Not being right on the beach wasn't a drawback. The Beach Club with 2.28 minute ride was quick and convenient.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Graystea
<Content>Not bad, not great We stayed at this hotel in mid November 2007, our first trip to Bali. Our main reason for choosing the Novotel was on recommendation from our travel agent, as we have 2 young children.First impressions were good - the 2 bedroom apartment was big, complete with decent sized kitchen. The hotel has a great kids club and the pool is huge and has a nice tropical feel to it. I must also echo all the positive comments made about the staff by the other reviewers - they could not have been more helpful or polite. Overall we did enjoy our stay, and there really is nothing wrong with this hotel, however it just lacked a certain something, that polished edge that would make it deserving of its 4 star status. The main downside (though nothing can be done about it) is the distance from the beach. The hotel does everything it can to help in this regard (ie regular shuttles) and it's not a bad walk. The lifeguards at the each were also extremely helpful, including playing with the children in the sea, etc. However if you feel the sudden urge to wander down to the beach in the evening for a stroll or for the kids to play in the sand, it becomes a little impractical.Other points: the rooms were not as clean as I was expecting for a new hotel. Superficially yes, but you didn't have to look hard to see where corners had been cut (eg bathroom floor in our case). Free wireless internet was great. The food was OK, sometimes good, sometimes not. Also on a couple of nights they seemed to run out of white wine. The hotel also seems to cater for a lot of corporate days for local businesses - no problem with that - however when we were there it did mean there were various team building games at the beach, complete with (very) loud speakers, music, etc that detracted from the experience a little.All these points are relatively minor and as mentioned we did enjoy our stay, however next time I would spend a little (or even a lot) more to stay in a 5 star place on the beach.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>radjaff
<Content>Terrible staff!! I had a free certificate from a friend who is a member of Accor Privilege Card, and tried to use it in Novotel Nusadua. I have no problem booking through Accor hotline service, and reconfirmed the booking 4 days prior to our intended stay directly to the hotel. Again, the staff at Novotel Nusa Dua confirmed the booking and told me to show the certificate when I checked in.We checked in on 11 November only to find that our certificate was rejected because the front desk staff said that the certificate is for Accor Privilege Card member only, and I have to show the copy of member card (I'm not a member so I don't have one!) although it is clearly stated in the certificate that it is fully transferable and it doesn't said anything about having to be a member to use the certificate.I was very angry and dissapointed so I moved to Harris Resort - which is the best decision I ever made!!!I would not recommend Novotel Nusa Dua at all, and if you have any of these certificate, be very careful before you check in.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>cabincrew
<Content>Overall a good stay.       Beach Club  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>TrishMcCoy
<Content>Fantastic Resort, Fantastic Staff - Had a fantastic time We stayed for two weeks in this beautiful resort and were very sad when our holiday had finished. The resort was still quite new, with minor constructions still underway, but looking down on the grounds from our lovely room the huge lakeshaped pool and gardens that surrounded the restaurant, bar, gym and kid's club were spectacular. Despite this amazing loud display of sparkling water and brilliant colours from the gardens, the resort had a peaceful, relaxing ambience. But the main reason we had such a good time was the extreme friendliness of the staff. We have stayed in many resorts over the past years, but have never found the staff as willing to help and make our holiday so enjoyable as those at the Novotel in Nusa Dua. They always greeted us with a smile and were very patient with our very bad attempts to learn their language. At all times we felt confident to approach them with any small problems we may have had. Their information guided us to all the amazing sites Bali has to offer. At the end of our holiday we felt like part of their family and we can't wait to return their in 2008 Regards Trish and Tony McCoy  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mattjenna
<Content>Great staff, rooms, facilities AND buffet breakfast My wife and our three young children (3, 6 and 8) stayed at the hotel for 6 nights. I have been going to Bali since an 8 year old in 1972 and am very familiar with the island and speak Bahasa Indonesia. I usually stay with friends when n Bali but this time wanted to treat the family to some rest and relaxation in a resort like hotel. We researched a number of hotels and their prices, facilities and attitudes to 3 young children staying in the same room as their parents. We mainly chose the Novotel due to those three criteria.We we not at all disappointed. The rooms were large and lovely (we stayed in a 1 bedroom suite), the pools were beautifully designed and maintained, staff (as are most Indonesians) were friendly, helpful and engaging. The hotel is new and the grounds are now getting established and were looking lovely, the breakfast buffet which was included in the room was worth mentioning as the food was of a particularly high standard and well restocked as the breakfast sitting progressed. We took our three young girls to the kid's club for an afternoon and one full day (their idea) and it was FREE and the staff were lovely and caring. The hotel is not overly large and imposing however the facilities are sufficient without being overdone.The beach is some 5 mins walk or a few minutes by buggy-however we really stayed around the pool-being surfers we prefer to surf at the beach rather than lie around-so the pool is a treat for us.Overall I was particularly impressed-I would give the experience 90/100.Matt  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mopps6
<Content>paradise found We arrived early so staff took us all to the pool bar for a complimentry drink and refreshing towels. When we were shown to our room, we couldn,t believe our eyes! A three bedroom appartment, all with king size beds and their own bathroom. We had our own private splash pool and a cushioned gazeebo in our own personal back yard. The rooms were spacious, clean and well airconditioned and tastefully decorated. The restaurant was open air, which overlooked the huge hotel pool. The menu comprised of mainly local and asian flavours (I'm not too keen on spicey food) but breakfast had a huge selection of east and western food, and kids ate for free. We also have the Accor Gold Card which saved us 50% on all hotel meals, drinks and services, except room service. Hotel staff were extremely gracious and, after a couple of days, were greeting us by name. They also found out it was my husbands birthday and left a birthday cake in our fridge with a card signed by some of the staff. Very touching. The security was efficient at the hotel gate and also all around Nusa Dua and shopping and restaurants were only a ten minute walk, or you could take the shuttle bus to the Bali Collection which left about every hour till late. The only thing I could suggest, would be to perhaps accomodate more for kids ages 7 and up, as the kids club seemed more in mind for the littlies. As for everything else, we found it faultless, and the Balinese to be beautiful gentle people. We are already planning our return vacation and will definately be staying at Novatel Nusa Dua.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>putrinyale
<Content>revised comment from the previous one My second visit I found out that what I had praise previously is not really applicable anymore. It seemed they don't have standard services  most of all no management control. When I arrived late at night, the pillow are not there (we have 2 bedroom aptmt), no cushion pillows and they tell me that it was not suposed to be any in the sitting room (of course they don't know I have been there before  know that it was not true)  they had to put a sofa  garbage can inside. The next day when we got back to the hotel in the afternoon we found out that the plates, glass  utensil has not been cleaned up. Instead of saying they will clean it up... the housekipping said its not their job (wow... ) When I asked the reception whether its the hotel policy that the hotel didn't provide that service...welll....similar answer .... No in very impolite tone. So, I asked if I could speak with duty manager.... well she didnt give the phone to the DM but instead first speak to somebody in the background and then tell me in impolite tone that the DM said the hotel service doesn't include cleaning plates  glass. So I tell her that if that the case, you should stated that in your add  to help other tourists in the future I will write this in the net so that other will know what to expect when choosing this hotel . The funny thing is she seems lost of words  said sorry ...they will send someone to clean up.... well I still don't know what is their real policy on cleaning up ..... but I 'm not going to find out  give myself a headache cause I'm not going there anymore there're lots of better hotels with staff in great attitude in Nusa Dua area, Trust me on this.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>LucyManchester
<Content>Fantastic Vaule We spent 6 nights in this hotel at the end of our holiday in Bali. We had a 3 bed roomed apartment with a pool. This was fantastic with2 teenage children. The staff were very friendly. The main pool was out of this world and well staffed with life guards.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>Chantiklook
<Content>Loved it. I had been to the Novotel in Nusa Dua in January when it was in it's final stages of completion and had been looking forward to going back once it was open. What can i say, it was wonderful. Staff greet you by name after a couple of days and nothing is too much trouble for them. We had a 2bedroom apartment with plunge pool and my teenage sons loved the extra space of having a lounge and dining room and their own bathroom. The tv has all the satellite channels and also a dvd player. The only minor problem was the pool fountain which was lovely but the continual noise all night drove me crazy. Next morning we were shown the button that turns it off. Beds were super comfy and hotel safe was big enough for a laptop which if you have bring along as there is free WiFi throughout the resort. Breakfast was plentiful, make sure you get to the french pastries they were replenishing them continually and they were warm and melted in your mouth. The restaurant was good and you could request simple things that weren't on the menu and they would make them for you. Prices similar to restaurants outside.( At Bali Collection Coco Bistro and Tropical were really good and well priced).They were just starting on a cafe/bakery which will have coffee, bakery items and light snacks. The beach club was a couple minutes walk or you could get the buggy which took about a minute. The beach was spotless with lovely new rattan beach chairs. They were in the final stages of finishing the Beach grill restaurant which we were told will have steaks and seafood grilled in front of you along with the usual snacks. One thing that really stood out was their security. There are cameras embedded in the concrete of the driveway which allows them to inspect the underneath of cars and also 3 guards who salute you and then proceed to check the inside of the car before allowing you through. We did notice cameras everywhere and when asked were told the whole resort is covered from every angle by cctv . Also there were security guards walking around the resort continually. The pool is huge and never looked crowded and they had 3 lifeguards around the pool at all time. The beach also had lifeguards. Though my kids are older i did have a look in the kids club and it was very good, lots of activities and games and there is also a kids pool and ping pong and bikes for both little kids and adults. We were told that they are setting up an ice cream hut by the pool and even though they have an inhouse spa they will be offering massages by the pool.We were so impressed we have now booked to stay for 10nights over Christmas/New Year.Housekeeping came daily to our room but i did notice that the next door room didn't seem to be cleaned even though it was occupied so i asked housekeeping and was told that the privately owned apartments are only serviced once a week.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paulieuk
<Content>Great new property, nice rooms, great service       the main pool area  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>RowanWebb
<Content>Had a great time This is for the young families out there. In June this year we stayed for 11 nights at the Novatel Nusa Dua. Having stayed in Bali many times(over 15) in both Nusa Dua and on the Seminyak side this was our first trip with 2 young children. I am used to 4-5 stars so it was a challenge for us to come up with a holiday at this level without the $$$.The hotel itself is located at the end of that main road in Nusa Dua  not on the beach. 5 Minutes walk to the beach. But for us this was not a problem as the beach section down this end is not great, it gets hot and all we really wanted to do was hang by a pool with the kids. So we wanted a safe pool. I guess, for us our mindset was 2 week break, including everything (even with $500 for fakes) for $6/6.5K. Oh and we didn't want to all sleep in the same room. And at the other end we didn't want 3 star. So this is how we came to the Novatel Nusa Dua. The price of the 3 bedrooom apartment was a reel selling point for us.This is a new hotel, and I read that it wasn't quite finished. It was finsihed when we where there. No probs. The rooms are contempoary decor. Australian Architects I think with a typical and light Balinese influence. When we stayed there for the first week there was only 20% occupancy and the second week upto 90% on a few days. Still no problem. Breakfast Buffet was a little busy but all fine. Good breakfasts....The Novatel has a great 2 levelled pool and the photos on the website really don't really do it justice. There is a seperate little pool for the kiddies. Has 3 pool attendents during the day and they keep a good eye on the kids. Plenty of lounge chairs and towels. And you dont have to fight for the chairs.The hotel grounds were fine. Tree lined, nice and shaded. We had a 3 bedroom apartment on the ground floor which had a balcony out to the garden and was to be frank we really felt is was inexpensive for what is was.  I thought there might have been a catch but no. The apartment was huge. 3 bedroom  3 bathroom  lounge room/kitchen. This was Ideal for us with a baby and 3 year old as we all could have our own rooms. Had a DVD player and TV's in both the loungeroom and master bedroom with cable. I was in heaven!They only have 1 restaurant in the hotel which we used for breakfast (good buffet) and the food was generally well above average. Typical burgers for lunch and you could order dinner to the room for the kids. which we did so we could get them to bed early. No extra charge for room service. This was a real plus. On average for us around $80 a day for meals for the 4 of us including eating outside However, if you get bored with the hotel food, 10 minutes walk up the road is the bali collection, Nuda Dua's shopping mall, and there is plenty of restaurants up there which are resonably priced and also a convenience store. There is also small village shopping strip 5 minutes up the road with 3-4 retaurants as well and all AOK.Oh the apartment and each room are fully airconditioned. If you look under the surface of the apartment, it is new and we did notice a couple of very minor imperfections in the finishing, which I'm sure they will iron out over time. and certainly not enough to deter us from going again. We would go back for sure. The hotel is Wifi and its free. Took my laptop for news and skype and could call back home for next to nothing. Suited granny! Hotel services (laundry) like most are expensive so top up with goodies at the convenience store and there is a laundry in the local village round the corner. 1/4 the price.Look your not in the thick of Kuta or Seminyak but it is quiet and really your only a 15 minute drive in the taxi which costs around $15 return AUS. Also only 10 minutes to the restaurants at Jimbyran Bay. we had dinner there twice and it was just wonderful sitting on the beach. What is good about this hotel and what I recommend is the 23 Bedroom apartments especially for the price and expecially for families. You won't be sorry. Heres a little tip buy an accor card for AUS $250 I think you get 15% of best rate immedialty and then things like partner eats for free, and discounts off massage, laundry etc. Very handy. Just note, partner discounts not applicable for room service ordering. However the card more than paid for itself on this trip alone.We had a baby sitter, organised through the hotel for a few nights. Cost I think around $5 hr. Police checked. Unreal! Off we went. We went iout for dinner and into Kuta a shopon a few nights on our own which was great. We had a local sim card which we brought at the convenience store and the baby sitter rang once night when one of our little ones woke up and wouldnt settle and we were home in 15 minutes. All AOKMy wife had a massage in the hotel and said was amazing. The staff are all really friendly and loved the kids. There is a kids club which is great and I think was included. Not for babies. 2 Years olus I think. Our older one loved it.It is Bali and sometimes attention to detail can run ammiss with service, but thats OK and you just ask again. Would I recommend the hotel. Yeh absolutley if you have a young family and your on a budget and want a bit of space rather than been cramped into 1 or two rooms. Would I stay there as a couple. Look yes but I reckon you could get good deal from one of the bigger 5 start hotels. Its definalty the apartment which made the holiday for us. Oh we flew Garuda, and no probelms at all, Domestic no. But Internationally I reckon there a little better than XXXXstar! Our plane both ways was half full. Take some rid or alike for the moquitos which love the kids.Is Bali safe? Look at no stage did we feel unsafe  the Balinese are really such lovely people. Nusa Dua now has securtity check points at the entrance and even at the hotel they checked our taxi eah time. My wife was a little nervousat first but she was most impressed with this and felt immediatly safe.Although probably out of season there were hardly any Australians while we were there. Especially in Kuta. Certainly no- where to what I remember it to be like..  It is a great holiday and the kids loved it. I did a lot of reserch on the net for accomodation and really for what we paid and what we got I would easily go back to the Novatel Nusa Dua next time. Al the best Rowan  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arturo74
<Content>Great hotel Just got back from a great stay at the Novotel Nusa Dua. Not too many other guests which suited us. The pool was really nice. We stayed in a 1 bed apartment which had cooking facilities (if you need them). Would definitely recomment this hotel - get a great rate on accor website.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>panglionel
<Content>Loved the brand-new Novotel Nusa Dua Just returned from Novotel Nusa Dua - fantastic hotel  had a wonderful stay there. The hotel is designed like a lake  the rooms are simply beautiful! Although parts of the hotel is still under construction, the rooms assigned are far away from the buildings/rooms still under construction. Great  well-trained service staff too  lots of security staff around, making you feel really safe. The wide array of TV channels also allow you to relax comfortably in your room or just laze around in the balcony watching the world go by as you enjoy your cuppa of tea or sip your glass of wine :) Definitely exceeded expectations! The only thing amiss is the beach - though they have a private beach club coming up, it is stil not ready yet. However, this is more than compensated by the lovely pool! The hotel also offers complimentary transfer to the Bali Collection (BC)and Kuta town - both worth a visit to explore a more happening part of Bali or just to hang around leisurely at the BC. Just a short stroll away and you will also reach a stretch of restaurants and shops offering you alternative food choices. Overall, lovely hotel  fabulous stay :) Cheers  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mon-chan
<Content>閬庛仈銇椼倓銇欍亜瀹ゅ唴   showReview(23369595, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>tirom9
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix       balcon  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偢銉ャ偄銉儶銈俱兗銉堛仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(22855581, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儨銉嗐儷銉屻偟銉夈偉銈儛銉?#x201d;   showReview(21744806, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>micpic
<Content>Excellent exp茅rience   showReview(19843763, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>keke237
<Content>h么tel trop calme   showReview(18592645, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>sasha017
<Content>Hotel fait pour la famille   showReview(16934466, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儨銉嗐儷銆€銉屻偟銉夈偉銈€€銉愩儶   showReview(19914074, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thierrydelyon
<Content>Superbe h么tel et plage fantastique       La chambre du Novotel Nusa Dua  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NOVOTEL NUSA DUA   showReview(19913901, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sma-hamza
<Content>tr猫s tr猫s tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(14547471, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鈽呫儙銉溿儐銉?銉屻偟銉夈偉銈?銉愩儶鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19913592, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儨銉嗐儷銉汇儗銈点儔銈ャ偄   showReview(19913470, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mea29
<Content>Pas mal pour Nusa Dua   showReview(8679351, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

