<Author>bella_oes1
<Content>Excellent location  Great hotel right in the centre of Singapore city (corner Scotts  Orchard Road) so you can walk to all the shops or public transport. You are also only a 5-8 min cab ride from Clarke Quay which has some great restaurants/nightspots.The hotel is set up like a typical Hyatt - catering to the mass tourist market, with a particular focus on business travellers. But it does this very well. The service is always good, rooms clean and well maintained (albeit the decor is a little generic and uninspiring). The room sizes (including Club Exec) are excellent and I have also stayed intheir smallest Suite which is ridiculously big, so whichever room you select, you will never have an issue with size.The hotel gym is absolutely fantastic. There are issues with internet connection in the room at times (I have had others in the group within which I was travelling say the same thing).  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Suitdude32
<Content>Great location, fabulous Spa! Stayed at Grand Hyatt Singapore Nov 6-12. Liked:1. The newly-built Damai Spa with serene treatment rooms, each with granite-floored/walled ensuite bathrooms, and surrounded by a bubbling stream and overlooking Japanese-style gardens.2. Room ready for my early morning arrival3. Helpful, courteous and professional staff all round4. Spacious Grand Deluxe rooms in the Grand Wing; the standard rooms are situated in the adjacent Terrace Wing, expect to pay S$80-$100 more per night for Grand Wing accommodation, whose rooms are actually suites of approximately 600 square feet.5. Central location, within 10 minutes walk of all major shopping and transportation, dining of Scotts and Orchard Roads. Orchard MRT station (underground train system) is less than 5 minutes walk.6. Well-equipped gym Disliked:1. Bathroom toiletries which felt and smelt like dishwashing detergent - certainly not becoming of a 5-star Hyatt2. Very limited breakfast spread in the Club lounge, which is strictly continental, and a far cry from the expansive offerings of sister Hyatt properties, particularly those in Asia, and certainly far short of the Club/Executive lounge breakfast buffets at Mandarin Oriental and Ritz-Carlton and Shangri-la properties. 3. Shabby stained carpet in both rooms in which I stayed (see point 5 below)4. Poor sound from the TV, which was esp. surprising given that it was a Bang  Olufsen unit.5. Construction noise from adjacent building site (the Ascott Apartments and Scotts Plaza have been demolished to make way for a new high-end residential tower) - I requested, and was given, an alternative room facing the far quieter hotel gardens and pool. Beware! Noisy room was 1305.I do not believe that it is worth paying extra for the Club floor, given the lousy breakfast spread. Far better to go buy yourself some breakfast provisions from the nearby food courts or supermarkets on Orchard Road. Afternoon tea and evening drinks were also very limited. Ate dinner at Straits Kitchen on one occasion, and its actually high-end hawker food at high-end prices. You need to be pretty darn hungry to do the buffet justice. Would prefer to visit a food court and eat all that I want and only spend a fraction of the bSK buffet price.Overall, I highly recommend the Grand Hyatt, mainly for its location and its design.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jd11Denver_CO
<Content>Caveat Emptor I won't bore you with the restaurant and room descriptions; Suffice to say it is a swanky place overall, and the staff, to a person, are friendly and courteous. But be aware of one caveat: After arriving late at night, and settling in to our non-smoking room, on a non-smoking floor, I was awakened to a great deal of noise from the room next door. Stepping into the hall, I noted a sign for a Son's 21st birthday party on the room door, with people coming and going, and cigarette smoke billowing from the room, along with numerous cigarette butts on the floor. Taking a trip downstairs to bring this to the attention of the night manager, I was assured that they would do something if it got out of hand and it was really just a small family event. Three hours later, around 3 AM, they must have finally gotten around to doing something about it, as the noise subsided, and the family, (remarkable in having so many young girls with a nearly identical preference for skimpy clothing, high heels and excess make-up), finally stopped their traffic in and out of the hotel room. Later conversations with workers in the hotel yielded the real data: it is not at all uncommon for the hotel to allow parties in rooms designated for sleeping, even if the room winds up trashed. Apparently, money talks. Since I don't know the specifics of the franchise business model for the Hyatt in Singapore, I can't say whom the fault for the questionable policy of allowing parties in hotel rooms next to those used for sleeping lies with: the hotel manager, the franchise owner, or the Hyatt company themselves. But I do know if you are expecting a quiet nights sleep, or a relatively smoke free room in this hotel, buyer beware.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>BornVoyagerBangalore
<Content>Loved the Spa Grand Hyatt Singapore has been one of the amazing hotels I have stayed at, and its my top favourite, for following reasons - 1. Attractive room pricing2. Hotel staff is very helpful3. Food is very good, especially at Straits Kitchen one of its restaurant. They server regional, chinese, thai and Indian food. Its a must visit and don't forget to enjoy the Satays (Singaporean kababs). Also for adventerous one try the Durian Ice Cream, its pretty cool4. Its spa - DAMAC, its just amazing and very refreshing. Its free for hotel guests, so do vists. Tip - Don't ferget to take a dip in the cold pool after sauna,its amazing, and also relax at the comfy rooms.5. Its right on the most popular area in Singapore - ORachard Road  Scotts Road, hence makes shopping very easy. Just shop, drop the bags at your room and then go back.Have a nice time.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kthongkong
<Content>Disappointed My previous stay at the Grand Hyatt Singapore was very good and based on this I decided to stay again during my last business trip. Surprisingly I was disappointed. Check in was slow, to their credit they were quite busy, but when it came to my turn a woman who had not been waiting rushed up to the desk and was helped first. Not a big deal but after being made to wait I felt it could have been handled better. Once I got my room key I was really surprised by the size of the room, I now think I must have been upgraded during my last stay because there was no comparison in room size. While efficient and clean the room was very small, and the bathroom even smaller. There was only a shower, the toilet crammed between that and the tiny sink. This is compared with my last stay where the room was very spacious. Overall the rooms are kept very clean but are showing their age and need to be refreshed. The rate paid was certainly not worth the room when there are so many other options in Singapore. We ate at the Straights Kitchen the first night which is a unique take on the standard hotel buffet. I'm not a buffet person but the various areas all featuring a different Singaporean cuisine (Malay, Chinese, Indeian etc) was very well done. The hotel bar was also very pleasant and the service was great. The hotel also has a night club in the basement that seemed to be a prime pick up spot and prositute hang out, we left after seeing it. We saw quite a few guests taking women up to their rooms which was not really meshing with the image of a 5 star hotel.All in all not a terrible stay, but it could be so much better. In future I'll be looking for other options before staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>cokerbud
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel This is a great hotel in an excellent location. Walking distance to the MRT and to the best shopping in Singapore. Also within walking distance of The HardRock Cafe and Orchard Towers.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>afxdes
<Content>Qucik Break Just a quick break in transit from Tokyo to Melbourne. The hotel is as efficient as is the city in general. Well Positioned with a great breakfast restaurant. Grand King Room on an Executive Floor - well appointed.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bo94114
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed 2 nights in a Grand King room. Early check in was granted and was appreciated. Bellmen, check in was great. Bags delivered quickly.Room was large, big bathroom, very comfy bed. There is some construction going on between the hotel and the Marriott and the noise was noticeable at times but not disruptive. Good safe and desk. Restaurants were good; location was great for shopping at Tang鈥檚 and DFS. Pool was going through a refurb but was not here long enough to fret over it.Granted my request to delay check out and quick check out. This hotel met all my needs and then some.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>aussie_h
<Content>great hotel We stayed here for two nights in May 2008 using Hyatt points. We found the room to be excellent. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large.The hotel is on the upper end of Orchard Road (the main shopping street). For food nearby try Modestos Pizza (on the left as you exit the hotel) or Newton Circus (about a 10 minute walk along Orchard then up Scotts or one stop on the MRT). The hotel also has guest chefs in sometimes for specialty menus.Our flight out wasn't until late at night and the hotel stored our bags for us, then we were able to take a shower and get changed at the fitness centre at the end of the day which was extremely nice.Overall a very nice hotel experience.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gggggggggggggg
<Content>Great services, location, rooms, food all in one hotel i have stayed in this hotel many times for the last two years. it was one visit that kept me coming back again. i stayed in the ritz carlton and the shangri-la but the Grand Hyatt gave me that diferent feel i was looking for. its the feel of belonging and easyness. itst hat simple relaxtion with a bustling life next to you if wish to change. like singapore it gives that sofisticated and ultra modern life with a simple asian twist. the hotel is great from all aspect and close to the heart of this great city Orchard rd. renovation have taken this hotel to the next level and some noise was noticed in the allowed timing (9am-6pm) but hey isint this for the best services to us.staf are really great in this hotel and rromes are large and clean. beds are very comfy while toilets are very larg and smartly designed. best rooms are the grand room. elegant and uncrowded lounge. nice resturant but next to you great choices out ther. try the Tetarek (singapore tea with milk speciality) at the strait kichen returant ground floor it probably one of the best you could tast in singapore.just injoy this hotes and it services in a great location.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Junglejuice30
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Loved this hotel! We booked a Grand King room and were not supposed to be able to check in until 2pm. However, as our flight from the UK arrived in Singapore at 6.45am we decided to leave our luggage at the hotel and wander down Orchard Road until we could check in. On our arrival at the hotel, the Receptionist obviously took pity on us (we did look shattered and had a three year old with us) and not only checked us in straight away but also upgraded our room to a Junior Suite free of charge!! The room was fantastic, every amenity you could wish for and then some. The staff were wonderful and were on hand to help us with anything we needed. The location could not have been better - about 2 minute walk from Orchard Road.The only downside was the view of a building site from our room - however, as we had our crane mad three year old with us, it kept him entertained! He spent ages looking out of the window and giving us a running commentary on what the diggers were up to!All in all, a brilliant hotel and if we ever go back to Sinapore (which I hope we will), we will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>splatnz
<Content>Nice new club longe and rooms Having seen the recent reviews we were a little hesitant to book here but we use Hyatt Passport so went with it. We requested a newly renovated club room so review is based on this.Likes- Good size room- Great decor in the Club Lounge (with free WiFi)- Location- StraitsKitchen!Dislikes- Maintenance issues in the bathroom (door handles and plug both broken) nb they were quickly repaired- Limited food range for breakfast and cocktail hour in the Club Lounge; especially when compared with other Hyatt's (eg Taipei)Overall- A pricey hotel, if you get a new room then is probably worth the money.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>sjcsfooak
<Content>Needs to be refreshed. I stayed here mainly for the location, which is great. Near shopping and subway. However, for an expensive 5 star property, my room (on the exec floors) was shabby. It was well kept, but its age showed. The toilet did not flush properly. I could hear neighbors on either side of me. That room was certainly due for a renovation.I did have a great dinner at the mezza9 restaurant. Great selection of Western and Asian dishes from one menu.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jet-Setter-SF
<Content>Good for long layover I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a long over-night lay-over on my way back to the states, so I really only spent less than 16 hours at the hotel. The lobby and public areas were great and the room was big and well-designed. Nice firm bed and a cool work area with windows looking out. (The construction project mentioned by other reviewers was still going on outside my window, but it didn't interrupt my brief stay.) I was in the new tower, so I can't comment on the older rooms.The room decor was great and the mini bar well-stocked and not too expensive. WiFi service (once it was working) was good.Check-in process was slow and delayed due to a computer problem. The lack of working computers meant that my in-room internet was inoperative and a bell boy tried to deliver someone else's luggage to my room. (The internet problem was only solved after two phone calls over 30 minutes to the support line.)Location was great (apart from the construction zone). It's right off the main shopping strip. Some reviewers have complained about cold or indifferent service. I got only a slight sense of that, but every time I needed help and asked for it, I got it (concierge, bell boy, turn-down service, etc.)All in all, I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ghtraveller
<Content>Good Hotel This hotel is large and it appears suited to the business traveller. We booked a Grand Club room and this included breakfast and evening drinks. This was very good value and the Club Lounge has a nice ambience. The staff here were quite friendly. The breakfast was continental and exactly the same each morning. There was also a service desk so accounts could be settled in peacful surroundings. Internet access was free in the club lounge so checking emails was easy.Our room overlooked Scotts Road. It was very spacious as we had a bedroom, bathroom and a spacious lounge with a nice area for working. The furnishings in the lounge were begining to look tired and the carpet required cleaning. The room was serviced twice daily which was nice. The bathroom had two showers the hand held and the rain shower which was lovley. Also great mirrors. I am never sure who uses the bathroom scales but I guess it is a nice touch if you are weight consious. The toilet was seperate so that was good.Two Tvs and 49 channels if you can't find anything better to do. This hotel had the best security I have ever experienced in a hotel. No chance here of intruders getting near your room. The Oasis by the pool was a good place to have lunch and a drink . The gardens around the Oasis were quite beautiful and it difficult to imagine that I was still in Singapore. Mezza9 gets rave reviews and whilst the food is excellent the service and atmostphere were lacking. it was like eating in a giant cafeteria. However it was very popular so I guess it is all a matter of taste.Scotts Bar was lovley for an evening drink. Brix the nightclub was also OK .I visit Singapore regularly and I usually stay at the Marina or City Hall district. I must say I prefer this area to Scotts Road which is too frenetic for me. I also prefer the Ritz Carlton becuase of their more personal service and rooms to die for. However if you are a shopper two minutes from the door of the Hyatt is Tangs and the rest of Orchard road. It is also in a great location for the MRT.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	5	4	5	

<Author>takincare-of-busines
<Content>Top class hotel Their are a lot of great hotels in singapore but this is one of the best...great size rooms, in house massage is excellent as well  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>UKUK-Traveller
<Content>Perfect Location What a fab hotel this was, with its grand entrance, excellent staff, spacious suites and great restaurants. Just a perfect location within the city of Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itsbart
<Content>Great hotel!       Grand King bed  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sailorboy4real
<Content>Sound Choice Singapore first time in 1985 for 2 months. My first stay at this hotel was 1998, I had a suite both times that was in the main building. There is another wing in the back which appears to be a long walk with more standard rooms.Okay, bad first: I like to smoke cigars; Singapore is not a smoker friendly place. The only place to smoke within the hotel was in a small room adjacent to the Martini Bar (the leper zone). No smoking at the outdoor pool either. There is a very good Cigar shop in the lobby, such a waste.Location: Perfect for all types of travelers whether it is for tourism or business. MRT: is a short walk to Orchard Road.Rooms: I loved the Grand Suite, it was big and more than well appointed. Favorite thing: was the Nescafe Expresso Machine; worked like a champ.Disappointments: The Pool; mentioned the no smoking but also it was dreary. It was just closing for a renovation so I will surely check it out soon when completed. I did walk over to the Shangri la and check out their pool, it is way larger and you can smoke in designated areas.Food: Have absolutely no complaints; ZERO. The Sunday Brunch was top of the line; Champaign, Lobster, local and international fare. Had the largest Alaskan King Crab legs grilled, best ever had and fresh. I love Singapore, there are many places you can stay, the Hyatt is a safe and sound choice.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LynchLondon
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in the Grand Hyatt on the way back from Sydney. We had booked our accomodation 6 months in advance and on checking in we were placed adjacent to a building site. The property next door to the hotel is being developed (as it most buildings in Singapore) so make sure you stress to the hotel you would prefer a garden view! However, the hotel staff were polite and did upgrade us to a lovely room. They could not have been more helpful, especially when my child became ill and we had to change our flights. I would recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>S3CR3T3X3C
<Content>Wonderful business hotel -- great experience The Singapore Grand Hyatt is wonderful. It's an oasis of calm in the middle of it all (Scotts Road). I loved the renovated rooms, the super comfortable bed, the immaculate and beautiful showers, the sumptuous breakfast and many, many other things. It's a hotel I'd find a way to stay at if I were you. Hyatt should be proud to have this wonderful hotel in its family. The only small issue I would have is that the service is not all that warm, especially if you compare to Bangkok but compared to 98% of the rest of the world, it rocks.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pommie01
<Content>Good overall hotel - maybe lacking a bit of soul.       King size bed  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mbgandco
<Content>Good but not great Staed in a Grand Duplex Suite which is on 2 floors. The room itself was very good with an excellent bathroon with seperate shower and downstairs kitchen and guest wc.The room also gives access to the lounge with complimentary wi fi, continental breakfast and snacks between 6 - 8pm. One gripe is that the lounge charges for a third person.The location is by the junction of Scotts Road and Orchard Road and very close to an MRT station. It is great for tourists but a taxi ride away from the business district.Within walking distance is the Newton Circus Food Centre one of the more famous hawker centres which is well worth trying out before going to some of the less touristy ones.The hotel is very comfortable and there is nothing wrong with it but it does lack a little spark that you find in the best hotels in Asia.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Dan_n_Zora
<Content>Enjoyed the Hyatt Stayed here for 3 or 4 nights back in July, in a Grand Deluxe King room, which is equivalent to 1 bedroom suite (bedroom is separate from the lounge/living area).The rooms were nice, clean and comfortable. The room looked exactly like the photos on the website. Modern decor, nice bathroom and the bed was incredibly comfortable, so we slept well.We had breakfast at the hotel in Straits Kitchen. It was good, no complaints. We also had dinner in Straits Kitchen. Dinner is a buffet of international Asian cuisine (Malaysian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Thai, Singaporean, etc). It was very good. My husband's opinion is that it is the best buffet we have been to. Apparently the buffet is well known and popular with non guests and becomes fully booked every night, so make a reservation early if you want to eat here.Other reviews have stated that the location is not great. It is a GREAT location for shopping. If you are not going to Singapore to SHOP, perhaps the waterfront area would be better. Where you stay depends on what you want to do in Singapore, but, even still, the public transportation is so cheap and efficient to use, just stay wherever you want. I have stayed in this location twice and loved it both times, but was there for shopping. We are visiting Singapore again in 3 weeks and will staying at the Ritz Carlton for a change (will write a review after the visit).The hotel is great for business. I had to bring my laptop along as we left our companies to operate without us for several weeks while on holiday/vacation and needed to remain in contact regularly. If I remember correctly, there was no charge for wi-fi which was great.We enjoyed the room and our stay here and I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schnoopzmq
<Content>Warm and friendly service       Straits Kitchen  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChaunceyGardiner
<Content>One of the top business hotels in the world... Had two nights here in late November, third stay in the last three years at this property, and it remains one of my favorite places in Singapore, and one of my top business hotels in the world.Check-in is always crisp, even at 1am. I鈥檝e stayed in both the Grand Wing and the Terraces Wing. Grand Wing is all two-room (living room/bedroom) Grand Rooms, which are similar to the Dusit Thani in Bangkok, except very, very clean/modern. Lot of blonde wood and stainless steel. This trip was in Terraces Wing, which is regular single rooms. The room has a large wall-mounted LG flatscreen (I think the Grand Wing rooms are Bang  Olufsen). Bed is in the new Hyatt bedding, which is really nice. Hardwood floors with carpet, marble in the desk area by the window and the bathroom. Desk area is spacious, and is tucked in by the window, with a very nice array of power and plugs and stuff, and large desk surface. Bathroom has separate tub/shower, and has generic toiletries. The shower has a large 鈥渞ain鈥?style showerhead in the ceiling. Very clean.The Club lounge in Terraces Wing is not as large as the one in the Grand Wing, but the folks there were just as friendly, helpful and crisp as over there. This is one place where the Hyatt stands-out鈥?their people are really well-trained. Breakfast has a very broad spread, and eggs can be cooked to order. Evenings they have drinks and light munchies. Concierge services were well executed鈥?I needed help with ground transit in both KL and Bangkok, and they arranged both for me within minutes.Ate at Pete鈥檚 Place, an Italian restaurant in the basement; very good, and having an Italian waiter (!) made choosing something different great fun. Have eaten before in Mezza9, and the food was good. Straits Kitchen, their main dining room, is not only an outstanding place compared to other Hyatts, but one of the better places in Singapore. I鈥檝e taken employees and guests here, and it never ceases to impress them. The location here is a 50:50 proposition. The good news is that it sits at the intersection of Scotts and Orchard, in the middle of some of the best shopping anywhere in the world. Marriott next door, Sheraton Towers down the street, Hilton and Hard Rock around the corner. If you鈥檙e not here for shopping, though, it is NOT in either of the business districts.It does sit within 200 feet of the Orchard Road MRT station, which is a quick, clean and safe subway shot to either downtown, Raffles City, or Bugis areas. Taxi rank is as good as any in Singapore. Once the new circle line is completed to Suntec, it鈥檒l be helpful. I stay here because it's a terrific hotel, and when downtown/Suntec/Marina hotel rates get outrageous (more and more common), this is a reasonably priced refuge.I would, and have, stayed here on my own money. Another terrific stay here, and I will be looking forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KBLA
<Content>What one expect of a business hotel Hyatt Singapore is a very good business hotel!stayed there a few times and the location is great! Stayed this time at the new renowated wing, the room were good and spacious, however the toilet was old and should have been shifted when remodelling and put so much energy in the renovation.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Browns77449
<Content>Very Zen       Grand Hyatt Flower Arrangement in Entrance  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dragek
<Content>Nice hotel, clean and polite Brief summary here, nice large spacious hotel, very clean and staff polite, as you would expect in Singapore! I stayed on the 20th floor, club floor and the rooms were large, airy, well stocked, clean and had a nice decor. I used the gym which was well maintained and outside the pool looked nice, although I didnt use it... Well worth staying at.. (but dont expect any food service after 12 midnight.)  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ColonelParker
<Content>Screwy The location is great, right near Orchard and a 3 minute walk to the MRT. The remodel is screwy, though. Our first room had a busted tub drain and the closet light wouldn't go out (troublesome given the glass closet door. The room is tricky to walk around too. We were given another room, essentially identical, but the Muslim room, so plus prayer mat and minus booze. It's great they are so accomodating but kind of an odd room to give an Irish guy. Had to prop a bag on the closet door to keep the light out there too. The aggravating part is that it was virtually impossible to reach the front desk. Phone rings and rings, then the operator promises a call back which never comes. Then we go down, and presto, people all over the place (who don't seem THAT busy that they can't at least answer the phone. Screwy.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>Stephen_Lloyd
<Content>THere location is not without problems.... Reading the reviews of the hotel two thingsstood out - location and club lounge. I only rated it as 4 here because those two let it down. I stayed in a Club King - and it is an excellent room. The windows are on the corner but used cleverly to create a working space that's effective. The photo on the web site is exactly how it looks in the flesh. Comfortable and very well equipped, light wood tones. The check is in smooth and the entry to the hotel uses a clever use of glass and lights because for the ground floor resaturant and bar there is virtually no natural light. THe feeling is spacious, chic and very modern. However, whilst the club lounge hasa good range of drinks on tap, breakfast is limited somewhat. More to the point despite being on the higher floors it is darker than some nightclubs. Little natural light and dark wood on the walls makes it feel small. There are better club lounges than this in Asia, including the Plaza and Conrad's in Singapore if that's what you look for. As for location, it depends greatly on what you want. A couple can happily shop in the area and lots of eating places. However, the cross the road from the hotel and walk toward the THai Embassy and the atmosphere changes - Singapore's Orchard towers and strreetwalkers of all genders inhabit that part after dark. It lets the location down. Better here than the Hilton directly facing Orchard Towers though. Of course if that's what you seek it's a perfect location, otherwise leave the hotel and stick to that side of Scotts and you will be ok. Much as though I thought the room was good if choices occur in future I'll be in the City Hall/Marina area rather than here.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ZAK12003
<Content>Loved the Grand Hyatt Singapore I have just returned from staying at the Grand Hyatt Singapore. I was there with my wife and one year old baby girl. The location of the hotel was perfect right off of Orchard Rd. It is situated in the center of the shopping district. There are also some good open air bars around this area. The hotel itself has great restaurants. Pete's Place and Mezza 9 both have to be visited at least once. Try the brick oven pizza at Pete's Place and the steak at Mezza 9. The room had a 鈥渘ew鈥?feel to it. We were staying in one of the junior suites which are very spacious and clean. The cleaning staff paid good attention to detail. Also there was direct access to the club lounge where they had complimentary continental breakfast and evening drinks. Internet was complimentary through wi -fi which in my opinion is a big plus. Derek Tan at the concierge desk was extremely helpful. We had a few special requests which he happily did for us. We have never received such great service from a concierge before. He went out of his way to accommodate us. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>iwishiwasonvacation
<Content>A Great Hotel with an excellent location This hotel has been one of my favorites since the early 1990s. I have always stayed on the Club Floor providing access to the lounge facilities including free internet, breakfast and cocktails. I suggest potential guests at this hotel upgrade to the club floor. Location:The location is excellent as it is at the the Scotts and Orchard crossroad. This is where most of the nicer shops are located. Taxis are abundant, giving you easy access to anywhere in Singapore.Rooms:I cannot say much about the regular rooms, but the grand deluxe rooms which is a Jr Suite is an excellent place to stay if you want extra space or a family tagging along. The bed linen and towels are very plush!Service:The front desk attendants were very polite and helpful. They even called up to check if the room was alright. That is good service! Little things matter a lot. Also, parking is free which is a great plus! Food:Food was good, but there are so many restaurants outside, that I'd suggest you try them rather than the hotel outlets. The lounge breakfast is great, although it is not an American Breakfast.Conclusion:If you are short on time and would like to shop and do business, this is the perfect place to be. If you bring your kids along, upgrade. They'll enjoy the extra facilities. *ahem* Just tell JR to go easy on the free alcohol in the lounge.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>j889814672
<Content>Nice room, Spotty service, good food Stayed 8 nights in October 07 at the Hyatt. My room was a grand deluxe twin which had separate living room and bedroom, a large bathroom and a large and very convenient walk in wardrobe. Check in was smooth but it took 40 minutes for my bag to arrive at my room. Room was not equipped with a guest directory but did have high speed (wired) internet. Overall the room was nice and well equipped. The TV failed twice during my stay but was quickly repaired both times. The only major problem with the room was no hot water. At all - for the first 4 days. I complained several times about this but it didn't get fixed by the hotel... it seems that it was only resolved when the rooms above and below me were occupied (I could hear people in them after day 4) and their water usage plus mine must have drawn enough that we eventually got hot water. The other alternative was to leave the shower running for 30+ minutes before getting in... and sometimes that didn't work either.The health club was too hot. Temp in it was kept at 25C-26C and despite discussing this with the staff (who also admitted that they had never worked at any other health club that was this hot) and despite their efforts to resolve, nothing changed through the week. The equipment was relatively new lifefitness elliptical, treadmill and bicycles as well as a full complement of free weights, dumbells and circuit training machines. Most of the cardio equipment was equipped with personal TV's and about 75% of those worked. Food at the Straits Kitchen was excellent. Service there was also very good. The spotty service comment comes from the following - newspaper delivery was sporadic... several days none was provided. Bottled water was only provided to the room occasionally, and turndown service was also provide only about 3 or 4 nights out of 8. One can get better value for money and better service at other hotels in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>psycherub
<Content>Expect the best I was very pleased with our accommodations at the Hyatt. We had a regular room but it had all the conveniences we needed for a pleasant 3 night stay. It was roomy and had provisions for businessmen like internet connection.. etc. The bathroom was impressive with its separate shower, bathtub and toilet areas. The hotel is located on Orchard road, so all the shopping malls were close by. It's very easy to get around in this area.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Deadsy
<Content>Great Rooms - Great Hotel. The GH has two towers, and I've had rooms in both of them. In the first tower I had a 3 room (living/bed/bath) at 290S$/night. In the other tower I had a 2 room (bed/bath) at 230S$/night. Both setups are very good - and if your value minded and won't use the living room, by all means save the money. I can't really find fault with the rooms. They are well organized, the ergonomics are good and the showers are great (overhead + normal - and none of this low flow stuff). The hotel location is also very good for pedestrian activities down to Orchard Road and the various attractions there. If you are of a mind you could arrive at Changi airport, catch the MRT to the Orchard MRT station and then walk to the hotel- so long as rolling your bags 300m down the street doesn't bother you. I took my breakfast at the Straits Kitchen on the lobby floor. This offers a bit of everything for most ethnicities- and all of its is good. The buffet was 41S$. All in all - a very good hotel, not overpriced, but not inexpensive. If I was spending my own money I would have stayed at a less expensive place, but if its on the corporate tab by all means go for it.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nanaanddaddad
<Content>Luxury in Singapore! I had a two night stay in the Hyatt on my way back from Australia. The hotel is just fab, the staff are great and they all seem to be really happy working there. Great comradarie between them.The restaurants are as described and the food is excellent.Met some really friendly staff at the martini bar.I felt I was in complete luxoury.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Denise15
<Content>First class I can highly recommend this hotel, the service was second to none. I was travelling with a young child and the staff were extremely helpful. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DohaRgb
<Content>Not so grand After the renovation a few years ago, the property no longer has any human feel to it. High prices in comparison to very near high class hotels. The staff take care only of FAMOUS PEOPLE. So watch out in the restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>cumi
<Content>Excellent hotel, highly recommended My family and I stayed at The Grand Hyatt between July 27th.-July 29th.We had the Grand Deluxe King room, with a separate living room. Excellent. Room as described, large comfortable king sized bed, 2 TVs and a lovely big bathroom with rain-shower.Especially liked the YOGA on-demand channel on TV . Room came with a yoga mat and I could do yoga anytime in the privacy and comfort of my room. Brilliant idea!I would strongly advise guests to make reservations if they wish to dine at any of the restaurants within the hotel, esp. The Straits Kitchen. We were turned away for lunch as they were fully booked. Not very pleasant if you have 2 little boys (plus my husband!} who were VERY hungry. However, the restaurant staff assured us that we could order room service and it would be no problem. So we did that. It is a wonderful restaurant. Exactly as described by other reviewers. Delicious food. Managed to have lunch there the next day and the buffet spread was AMAZING. Hotel staff were courteous, polite and very friendly.Definately the best hotel I've stayed at.Location-wise, it's great bcos it's right near Orchard Road. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sxa93
<Content>Grand, but impersonal The Grand Hyatt would seem to have a lot going for it. It has a great location (minutes away from the wonderful shopping district on Orchard road), excellent facilities, great rooms...So whats missing? The personal touch. While the staff is professional enough, the whole experience seemd to lack the warmth one has come to expect from good hotel chains. Sure, your work gets done, in much the same way as a robot would do it!But let me not take away the pluses. The location is fantastic. The premises are clean and well decorated. The breakfast at Straitskitchen is quite a spread. Sure its repititive, but the spread can make up for that. The metro station is a stone's throw away, and taxis are easy to come by.All in all, an above average hotel. But still needs some warmth to make it to the top rung.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Nana2804
<Content>Grand Stay! I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt during the Indonesian school break and my family had a thoroughly enjoyable stay. It was truly grand and the rooms that we had was a junior suite in the front building.The room was spacious and the connecting room was sufficient for the kids. What I like about the hotel is that they do not discriminate the fact that I had kids with me, like some hotels do.My only complaint , well it started as a complaint, was the Straitskitchen was full during one of the nights. I had heard so much about it and wanted to try. The manager on duty on hearing that I was checking-out the next day went through great lengths to rearrange the seatings so that my family can try the restaurant!Straitskitchen did not dissappoint, great design and concept. I love the noodle and Indian section. Truly recommendable.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>alok
<Content>fantastic hotel great location,yummy breakfast.good sized room,my daughter loved the plasma!didn;t try the restaurants but they seemed to be really popular'will definetly return!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ms_Singer
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We stayed in this hotel for two nights. It was a very good stay. their pool is large and beautifully decorated. Hotel is clean and staff are freindly. Hotel is located close to Orchard Rd ..... plenty of shopping. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>silver 57
<Content>Hyatt Not So Grand We booked on the Hyatt website, a grand deluxe suite for a week of relaxation in Singapore. Booking conditions included charging your credit card by 2pm. I advised the hotel of our late arrival. However,when we arrived the only suite they had left was on the 6th floor overlooking a building site and were warned of the noise. For $S510+++ per night! We were offered a club room at the same rate but declined and after 45 minutes were shown to a grand suite. The suite was slightly shabby, overlooking Orchard Rd with two bathrooms, living room, kitchenette etc and LIGHTFITTINGS HANGING FROM WIRES DANGLING FROM THE CEILING.By this stage it was 3am so we unpacked for the night with the knowledge that the next day we were to transfer to the room type booked.Later that morning we were shown to the room of the type we had chosen and packed our bags. It was just like the pictures on the website.We returned to the hotel later that night to find our room not so cool, but were really tired so I showered and turned back the sheets to find them soiled !My husband screamed from the shower as he couldn't regulate the temperature. I called the duty manager and demanded he came to our room with maintenance and housekeeping. We waited an hour for the faults to be rectified and received many appologies. However it was our second room and our second night of disrupted sleep in the hotel. We asked to see the general manager in the morning.We saw a senior manager who was also very appologetic, offered us various incentives to stay, credited our bill for one night's accomodation and provided a hotel car to transfer us to the Shangri La [the hotel we booked that morning which was subline]. I was not willing to pack AGAIN and try a third night in a third room at the Hyatt.At the price we expected better. Why wasn't our room allocated if it was guarranteed by our credit card? Why was the hotel in such disrepair?  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	3	3	

<Author>rboarman
<Content>Great with caveats My wife and I are on day four of a six day stay here at the Grand Hyatt. Over-all I agree with all the reviews so far. I do have some comments to add however.Room service, while fast, is of very mediocre quality and expensive. The breakfast buffet is very good but has exactly the same items every day. No variation whatsoever. Here are some examples of room service prices. Subtract 35% for USD. Add in about 30% in taxes and fees.Continental breakfast: S$28 (~US$17)American breakfast S$38Breakfast buffet: S$35 ($48 with taxes and fees)Hamburger:  fries: S$25 (tasted good but was VERY undercooked, basically raw even though I asked for well done)Ham and cheese ciabiatta: S$22 (terrible sandwich, avoid)Australian rib-eye steak: S$98Tuna filet: S$35Side dishes: S$11 鈥?S$13Bowl of penne (no meat): S$27Soda (can): S$8We had some laundry done. The prices are about S$12 per item. Our five items cost $60. Dry cleaning runs from S$12 to S$25 a piece. If they pick up by 10:00 am they have it back by 6:00 the same day. Add 50% for rush items.The pillows are hard and thick. If this is an issue for you, they say they have additional pillows of different types available.The internet connection is fairly fast but somewhat unstable. It costs S$25 a day.When you check in be sure to ask for a room away from the construction next door which is VERY noisy. The work starts early in the morning and runs into early evening.The location is awesome but you pay a price. Literally. Everything is expensive. For example, lunch that cost us S$60 would cost S$12 not six blocks away from the Orchard area. Over all we love the area and the hotel is great as long as you can afford the exorbitant markup on everything.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	1	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>psifactor
<Content>No Tipping?? We stay 4 nights at this hotel, and everything is a 5 star except tipping issue. We've read several times that tipping anywhere is discouraged in Singapore, and that's what we did. First incident when we arrived with just 1 luggage, and the porter deliver it to us, he gave me the confused look while looking at my empty hand. Second incident when the giant dark skin porter with long coat put our luggage to the taxi as we're leaving, he looked really pissed not getting any tip and slam the trunk with a fist. Hyatt will be a 5 star experience if not for these 2 untrained unprofessional porters.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnivan521
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Grand Hyatt!!!!       Main Room / Living Room  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Great hotel and great location!!!!! It was a bit strange looking for the reception desk at the Hyatt as it is tucked in behind a room but a quick question to the doorman pointed me to right direction. I was quickly checked in despite arriving early again (10 AM) and was in my deluxe king room a few minutes later.The room is a large size with a contemporary decor and furniture. The nicest point of the room is little balcony like room at the corner with chairs and a table. Perfect for having a afternoon tea or watching the busy street below. The bed is very comfortable with plenty of down pillows. The sheets is as white as they can be. Just a great place to jump in and have a nap after a long flight.The walk-in marble bathroom with separate bathtub and shower is the larger than either the Pan Pacific and the Marina Oriental. Amenities are well stocked with quality shampoo, conditioner and lotions.The service is attentive and security seems to be less stringent than the hotels in the Marina locations. The lobby seems to be pretty busy all the time. The breakfast buffet is quite good although they are not a good value as there is a hawker center near by.The location of the Hyatt is great, right in the action of the Orchard road, yet just far enough from the MRT entrances to have some quietness if you need it. A nice hotel in an excellent location.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HolidayHoliday86
<Content>The Best Hotel In Singapore FANTASTIC HOTEL amazing rooms, plasma tv's huge bathroom, massive beds, clean. room service quick effieient and friendly.pool is amazingoverall this hotel exceeded all my expectationsdont stay anywhere else... ive been to singapore many times and hyatt is my favourite. perfect stay  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>enrico-Italia
<Content>not grand hyatt at all I have stayed for two nights at GH singapore early march in a Club King deluxe room .I checked in quite early in the morning and the first room I got was stinky, placed in a hidden corner overlooking a backyard, noisy (soundprofing does not exist there) as the door was open. So I asked to change room and I got another one a little better located but nothing special at all. Interior is minimalist in a cheap way and remind of some Novotel.Service is something comparable to soundproof, to get something or just to get a reply it takes a long time.Club lounge very small at least in my tower wing , but service there is okay. Breakfast (beware if you take it in in the lobby they charge you in full even if you as club member you are entitled of continental)offers a wide selection but also there staff need more training as they are quick only in bringing you the bill .Scott's bar okay, attentive service .Altogether this structure is old with nothing special , nothing Grand Hyatt .I have been travelling several times to Singapore but this was my worst experience.If you can avoid it ,do it.On the positive side the location,,but that's still too little in Singapore  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Lousy Service, Not Worth it Had a short stay in Singapore and I booked this hotel. This hotel is pricey but looking at their website, the room looks attractive and location is convenient, right at the centre of Orchard Road. The 鈥淕rand Deluxe鈥?room is actually a junior suite with a separate bedroom and living area with sofa. On first look, the room does looks nice, stylish and spacious actually, charming in its own sort of way but a bit too minimalist for my taste. It has a separate sitting area with sofa and a working desk. But on closer inspection, the hotel really cheap out on a lot of things. The sofa is kind of Ikea type, the TV yes it is a Band  Olufsen but it is not flat screen, it is a CRT tube TV, no more than 30鈥?and not even widescreen. There is also no DVD player, no sound system. Bathroom is black marble with rainforest and a deep tub. But the rainforest shower head is very small ( size of a small plate ) and the water pressure is definitely not adequate. Also it is very difficult to control the shower temperature as it can fluctuate from cold to suddenly very hot before it stablised. For a 鈥淕rand Deluxe鈥?room and with the rate they charge, the hotel only provide a miserable 2 bottles of no-brand mineral water. Sound-proof is not adequate. I can clearly hear people talking at the corridor outside. Also, there are a lot of strange noises in the hotel room at night, mainly from the aircon and the bathroom ( water flowing underneath in the pipes ). No view from my room, just buildings. The room faced the Far East plaza building.  Now to the biggest complain 鈥?Service! The service here is really sub-par for 5-star hotel. When my taxi arrived, no bellboy was in sight to pickup my luggage. A hotel staff was standing right next to where my taxi stopped but did nothing. Surely if I came to their hotel by taxi and have luggage in the taxi, then I am their hotel guests! My taxi driver has to literally went into the lobby to call the bellboy to collect my luggage. Even a 3-star hotel has better service.  Check-in took 25mins, including 10mins of waiting in a queue and another 15 mins waiting for the checkin staff as she type furiously on the computer trying to locate and assign me a room. Moreover her first form got it wrong and printed another guest name instead. This is really unncessary and unacceptable. They already should have my reservation under confirmed status and I did inform them of my arrival time so they should already be expecting me and have my room ready. After room keys were given, no 鈥渢hanks for staying with us鈥?or 鈥渆njoy your stay鈥? And of course, no escort to the room. There is also no welcome letter in the room. The concierge is not helpful either. I ask him where can I buy some artwork near the hotel in Orchard Road . He refers me to Tanglin mall, a good 20 mins walk from the hotel at the corner of Orchard Road . Actually it is avaliable within 5 mins walk at Takashimaya and Paragon. The casual answer showed me that he really can鈥檛 be bothered.  Breakfast is included in my room rate and food generally OK but I definitely won鈥檛 pay S$40/= for it because they cheap out by serving local food like chaw kway tiao, nasi padang, rotti platta which can be bought outside for one fraction of the price and properbly of better taste too. Service during breakfast is good though ( the only time when I got good service from this hotel ) and the caf茅 staff are much more attentive, at least they greet me! Internet is very expensive at S$25/= ++ a day. Another service hipcup occur during checkout. I waited almost 30mins for the bellboy to come up to collect my luggage. And this is after 3 phone calls to chase and also after I intercept a passing staff along the corridor to help me locate the bellboy. Then after I checkout and paid, they misplaced my luggage and took them another 15 mins to locate them while I wait and wait and wait.This is definitely not worthly of the hotel鈥檚 鈥?-star鈥?status.  Overall, for the room quality and the 2-star service, it is way overpriced and poor value for money. I definitely won鈥檛 stay there again, at least not at those rates they charged me. If location is crucial, the nearby Marriott will most likely be a better choice.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	2	1	2	

<Author>dutchkiwi
<Content>Superb business hotel I recently had the opportunity to stay at this great hotel. Opportunity I should say as some-one else offered to pay. As a self employed business man, budget is always a concern, so when the offer came in, I could not refuse.The rate of S$ 530.00 (Euro 265.00) per night is not something I lightly overlook when making accommodation decisions. I must add, this rate gave me access to a Club room overlooking Scotts Road and access to the lounge for breakfast (excellent) free all day coffee and tea and afternoon cocktails and snacks.The location of the Grand Hyatt is equally excellent within reach of all major shopping malls and convenient for business.One evening I dined at Mezzanine, possibly one of the most interesting and unusual restaurants I have been to, with a large variety of food choices and great service. It is in essence a six star food court and an absolute must should you get to stay at this hotel, or if you choose to stay at another hotel, pop in, you will not be disappointed.The guest room I stayed in had a bed room and lounge area with a large bathroom. The lounge boosts a BO tv set, a good work desk with power adaptors built in and broadband internet access. The latter is expensive and hotels in Asia still need to catch up with the USA on free internet. Not a big ask I would say, if you pay Euro 265.00 for the room, internet could be thrown in.The staff is very good, friendly and helpful. it is also good to see that expat management acknowledge you (Mezzanine manager and the Exec Chef). it makes you feel welcome, even if it is a nod, a smile and a prego.I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel and should I make enough sales, I will become a regular.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Very good stay, wonderful location I was here on business, so in part I chose the hotel on its location.The rooms are spacious with sleek modern decor, all the high-tech gizmos and wi-fi you need, rainbath shower heads in the marble/stone bathrooms, and spotless housekeeping. It was useful that the in-room safe can store a laptop, and the room had an ironing board and coffee-maker. My club king room included a very good breakfast of fruits, cereals and breads, hot breakfast items, etc. The public rooms are beautiful with a lively-but-classy bar scene at the martini bar. The on-site gym is clean and well-appointed. Very good location for interesting shops and cafes nearby.While I got a good deal on a corporate rate, I think similar rates are available on the internet, etc. I'd gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JourneyWife
<Content>Clean and Comfortable       Hyatt Terrace  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wacka
<Content>My new favorite in Singapore... Regardless of cost! I am in Singapore frequently and have never stayed at the Hyatt... Until now! What was I waiting for?? Great location, excellent FB (which I had enjoyed numerous times before) and a new wing with fantastic rooms. Great new design with rain shower, plasma, and great linen. Awesome!The price is great too. I used to stick my nose up at Hyatt properties (except Park Hyatt) and I have to say, this place is among my favorites anywhere.Service outstanding too. I will not stay anywhere else for a while (that is until the newness wears off!)Very happy...  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>closetconundrums
<Content>No Complaints Here...One of the best hotels on Orchard       Bathroom - Grand Deluxe Room  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>alan9
<Content>fantastic I have stayed at the Grand Hyatt a couple of times and each time was fantastic. The ground staff was helpful and friendly, the hotel was clean not to mention its perfect location for shopping ( orchard road ) . Though due to singapore's new law on smoking.. it has become a haven for non smokers. For me it is oxygen and having to stand at the entrance ( corner ) to smoke is a no no. I loved the rooms with their great flat tv and lots of channels to choose from,, also I wont miss my EPL .  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IvyRoberts
<Content>Location, ambience and overall We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in the first week of October 2006. The room was in one of the wings at the back. I enjoyed my stay. The location was excellent. Surrounding shops and eateries were numerous and access to hotels across the road and around the area was terrific.Our room was magnificent, the bed was magic, the TV was a large flat one and provided all Foxtel channels. I would recommend this hotel. Wish I could go again soon.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Linus6jul
<Content>Renovated Rooms I stayed at Grand Hyatt Singapore twice, latest being in March 2006. Lobby area is big and leads to 2 wings. I stayed at wing further in from the main road. The room seems newly renovated and had a flat panel TV. Though the room is oddly shaped with a writing area that juts into something like a corridor, the room was reasonably big. The corridor leads to a floor to ceiling window that overlook some great looking plants. The hotel is also pretty well-located, next to Scotts Shopping Centre and Tangs. Reasonably courteous staff. I wish they could be forthcoming in volunteering information about affiliated point accumulation programs though.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>BrianChiTown
<Content>Great Hotel! What a great hotel! I stayed in Singapore prior to my meetings in Vietnam. The hotel staff was great. The rooms were very nice and spacious. I highly recomend paying for the upgrade to an Executive Suite and adding in the Grand Club.I've been in many hotels over the years, and this hotel had the best concierge floor! The food was great but the service was even better! Great location for prime shopping and entertainment. Bring light clothes as Singapore can get quite hot!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pinkapricot
<Content>My favourite hotel in Singapore! I usually stay at another hotel but when that hotel was fully booked, we decided to stay at the Grand Hyatt hotel and that was a decision I certainly do not regret making!The rooms are so comfortable and very modern. There's a huge flat screen tv, a long writing desk, a super comfortable bed and a really nice bathroom. The bathroom has separate cubicles for the toilet and the shower, with a bath tub in the middle. The wardrobe opens both ways so you can get your clothes out from inside the bathroom.The second time I stayed there, my bathroom had a shower instead of a bath tub but I had a lounge and a walk in wardrobe! All this for almost the same price as the hotel we used to stay at! The food at the restaurant downstairs called Straits Kitchen is really good too. It's always packed during lunch and dinner. The restaurant is very well decorated and food is served buffet style at different counters. A great place to try Asian food!10/10!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ATraveller11
<Content>excellent but expensive I really liked this hotel. I stayed in one of the newly refurbished rooms. It was equipped with very modern accessories, like the wall mounted flat screen TV and DVD player.One corner of the room had these floor to ceiling windows angled towards the corner. The workspace area was in this corner, which made it quite inviting, and I imagine would be great to use if you were here on business and had to take work back to your hotel room. In fact, it would have made my old days of working in hotel rooms very pleasant. The bed was huge and the bedside tables had a very user friendly control panel that controlled the lights/TV etc.My favourite thing about the room was the bathroom. The bathtub was huge, and even had a waterproof pillow at the head of the tub to use if you were soaking. The walk in shower had one of those huge ceiling mounted rain shower-heads that were the size of a dinner plate. The toiletries came in a black box. There was a nice vanity table and chair in the bathroom that was separate from the sink area. This was so comfortable to use when putting your make-up on, and ideal if you have numerous cosmetics and toiletries. I was a regular guest at this hotel about 10 years ago, and it has changed so much.The hotel bar is good as well, and has a large variety of interesting cocktails. The restaurant mezza9 looked very inviting, which is why I went. The d茅cor, atmosphere and service was good, but the food just average. It was fun for people watching though. The tables were so closely placed together that you could very easily eavesdrop on the conversation taking place at the tables next to you. The only downside is that the rooms are very expensive.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>deal8
<Content>great location Location is great, near corner of Orchard and Scotts. Club lounge is nice, although no hot offering at breakfast, which although ok for my wife, expect a hot offering at Grand Hyatt Grand Clubs (best is in HK). Stayed in a junior suite with wife and two kids (combo business and holiday). Great room, plenty of space, although bed is very firm (westin heavenly beds are clearly superior). Would stay again  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	4	

<Author>JDERV
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I stayed at the GH Singapore in August and have to say it was one of the best hotel experiences I've had. Of the many positives, location very near Orchard Road and overall quality/condition of the rooms are the most significant. Orchard Road is a 1/2 block walk from the front door of the GH. There are numerous shops, restaurants, malls all within 5 minutes walking - fantastic location. The rooms appear to have been recently renovated - as the decor is very modern/contemporary with fresh, clean, minimal design and such features as a flat panel plasma tv, wireless internet and plenty of room - large by comparison to other hotels.The fitness center and spa at the GH is also very nice by comparable hotel standards. All equipment is new, clean and would be appropriate for any fitness center. The spa facilities are also very nice with sauna, steam, whirlpool and roomy changing areas.Generally speaking, the service I experienced from the front desk staff upon check-in, to wait staff for room service, to fitness center attendees to my massage therapists was of upmost courteousness and professionalism. The staff really went out of their way to ensure my comfort.The only negatives to mention are the rather long taxi queue in the morning - at the front of the hotel. After a 20 minute wait on my first morning, I learned that hotel guests can prebook taxis the previous day - this information would have been nice to know. If you need a morning taxi then best to prebook with the bell staff. The second slightly less negative experience was with the checkout which was longer than usual - maybe 10 minutes due to a shortage of staff at the counter.The positives of my stay so far outweigh the 2 minor negatives that I will definitely stay at the GH Singapore on future visits.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jessica819
<Content>LOVED IT!!!       our toilet, with separate shower and bath  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>la10_travel
<Content>Fantastic Location, Much Improved Hotel       Club - Living Room  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maximilien
<Content>Great rooms! Stayed at the hyatt for 4 days and I was really surprised to enter my standard room after reading the reviews. The room was large, very modern with many amenities (toothbrush, rasor, computer plug-in, etc...) and a superb flat-screen TV. The pool is not so nice and close to a generator that makes a constant annoying noise. But going back to these beautiful rooms was always a pleasure. It seems that there are two building so I dont know if all rooms are alike.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnDay
<Content>A fresh new Product makes the difference I have check in to the Hotel 1 year ago at the Terrace Wing Rooms. At that time the rooms looked old but now to my surprise the rooms are new. I also had my breakfast at the Straits Kitchen. Its unique in Singapore where Malay, Indian and Chinese cuisine were serve under 1 restaurant. Other fascinating facilities includes the Mezza nine restaurant. One exception is the level of service at front door needs further improvement. In general, an excellent place to stay and dine.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	3	3	

<Author>ApplesInMyBra
<Content>The Not So Grand Hyatt Ok, so the loction of this hotel is great - very near Orchard road and MRTs and bus stations. The problem is that the minute you step out the front door, you are jostled and shoved by huge crowds of pedestrians (on their way to Orchard road and the MRT). Immediately you feel engulfed by the city - a bit overwhelming. Sometimes you get pushed along with the masses that you can't get out of the steam to go into the hotel!!The restaurants in the hotel are overpriced completely. For the breakfast buffet at Straits Kitchen they rip you SG$40, but when you go for a second plate of food or more juice (to get value for all that money), you get dirty looks and snide comments from the waitresses/waiters. Wait a minute! I paid for this, I can damn well eat all I want!! Oh no, the serving staff treat you like dirt, and bring you the bill to sign immediately, before you are evven done.Pete's Place is a more casual restaurant downstairs. The ambience and decor tells you it must be authentic italian food. Heck no!! My husband ordered lasagne and it looked and tasted exactly like Dinty Moore's beef stew. It was so disgusting and tasteless, we were pretty miffed at paying SG$36 for that rubbish.The housekeepers at this hotel are very rude. They knock on your door even if you have the Do not disturb sign on! One time, the maid knocked on the door and I told her to wait 2 minutes while I gather my stuff so that I can leave while she was cleaning, and she started tapping her foot and snapping her fingers at me!!! (---)!Be sure to get a whole lot of nothing for an exorbitant price if you stay at the Grand Hyatt. Not so Grand in my opinion.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Rustycycle1
<Content>Overrated Hotel Stayed there for 4 days in July 2006. Booked a room on the club floor, only to find out on arrival that they don't have a club floor but rather a club lounge. Lounge was on the 15th floor and our room was on the 13th floor. All rooms were the same so there was no benefit in payingan extra $150 a night for a club room which didn't exist. Only extras was a cold buffet breakfast of poor qaulity. Soft drinks and water also free during the day. Rude staff as I was asked to leave a bar because I was wearing dress shorts as was my wife, but she was allowed to stay. I find this discrimination disappointing for a 5 star hotel. Ripped off on checking out when hotel refused to honour my booked room rate which was made by my travel agent. Charged an extra $40 per night. When these matters were raised with the manager he was quite rude in refusing to do anything about the problems. In a city like Singapore where there are so many excellent hotels, my advise is go elsewhere. There is no excuse for poor service and rip offs like I experienced.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>John999
<Content>Definitely NOT perfect! Far from it! I'll try to make this as neutral and unbiased as possible. We stayed there for three nights.GOOD THINGS ABOUT THE GRAND HYATT SINGAPORE- upgraded our two rooms to Grand Deluxe - very friendly and efficient reception staff- large rooms, good toiletries and towels- very good buffet breakfast selection - with very attentive staff- porterage and concierge service efficient- hotel guests have priority for taxis - the queues can get quite long at peak hours- we were charged for a phone call and minibar consumption that we never made - once this was raised the staff erased the record immediately. how the charges occured is a mystery to me!- the gym  sauna was well equipped and cleanBAD THINGS ABOUT THE GRAND HYATT SINGAPORE- our cordless phone didn't work - this was reported on the first day but the phone remained non-functional for all 4 days (and 3 nights) of our trip. it kept on flashing and the buttons didn't work!- the pillow covers had holes .... not on the edges/sides but right in the middle!- the showerhead was cracked and basically non-functional - water was dribbling out .... again this was raised but nothing was doneCONCLUSION- definitely not the best hotel we've stayed in - but still quite good considering the price paid and the room upgrade. - the staff are great - it appears that it's the hardware that needs work done (the phone, shower, pillowcases).  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GRAND Hyatt?? I don't think so! A disorganized staff coupled with wonky fixtures in the rooms make this hotel a comical addition to the Hyatt's Grand class. Someone needs to get in there and teach them how to run a hotel of the 5 star calibre.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Rude Staff The hotel is OK - nothing to write home about for the price. Reason for my upset is when we were waiting outside the hotel in a taxi rank, waited about 15 minutes until it was our turn for a taxi. Just about to get into the taxi when the doorman pushed us out of the way and let in another couple who was not in the queue. I comfronted him about this and he just told us to go away and not bother him! Spoke to management about this - all they could say was he most likely did not know we were guests of the hotel.....hhmmmmm  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rindradjaja
<Content>Very nice hotel We have stayed at this hotel twice, once for our honeymoon in 2002, and the second time was in 2005.We stayed in the garden wing of the hotel, and the room was large. The bathroom was nice and large too.The buffet breakfast in the Straits Kitchen was exceptionally nice. The food selection was very good, they have almost anything that you possibly want for breakfast, whether it's an omelette, indian food, chinese fried kwayteow, fruit juices, etc.And finally, the location is superb, just few minutes away (well within walking distance) from the famous Orchard Road.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shinypearl
<Content>Stayed here the third time, excellent service n location This is the third time I stay in Hyatt. Found it very very satisfying. At the front desk: the lady was very nice. Since I was with my kids only. I was asked if I need extra key. I said I need only one key, but still the lady smiled and gave me 2 keys. The concierge was also very helpful when I needed tools to pack my thingsThe room was amazingly clean ALL the time, House keeping is very toughtful to even fold our clothes and several times clean my room which was very messy, because of the kids. There are two types of shower in your shower box. I like showering with the shower handle. While the kids like the shower rain. Everyday they played rain when they took a bath. And bathroom was very very messy with water all over the floor. So everyday I leave the room in condition like that. BUT!! Everytime I go back to the room (The room was already tidied up once earlier that day and I didn't put on the 'make up room' sign); it always become very very clean and tidy with extra amenities added. WOW!!! The amenities was greatly complete, from ironing board to shoe spoon and even weighing scale is in your room. A newspaper is prepared for you every morning and in the afternoon fruits will be delivered.The breakfast which included in my rate was terrific as usual. Many choices.I have been to Singapore for many times. Spending times with many hotels. Bravo to Hyatt!!! It's really worth the money. Definitely would stay here, never will think of another place.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>Just ok..... I stayed here for 8 nights from 15th March to 23rd March 2006. I don't usually stay at 5 star hotels but decided to treat myself and booked a Deluxe Room through Qantas Holidays. When i arrived i was checked in pretty quickly and proceeded to my room. it was really nice and on the 14th floor in the back tower.I will say i was a little dissapointed in the pool, it was not very deep (Came up to my shoulders in the deep part and i'm only 511) and some of the other facilities (E.G. Badminton courts etc) you had to pay for. Not what i'd expect of a 5 star resort (Maybe i'm wrong in thinking it should all be included)Room service charge $8 Singaporean for a glass of Coca Cola which seemed a little steep!. Apart from that most staff were friendly enough and the actual location is 5 minutes walk from Orchard MRT and Orchard Road.I don't think if i'm ever back in Singapore i'd stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>two trees
<Content>I wish I'd listened On 22 September 2005, I reserved a Club Junior Suite for 3 nights from 13th January 2006. On 10th January 2006 I confirmed our arrival time and asked for a hotel car to meet us at the airport. This was all confirmed by Hyatt reservations.We arrived at Changi Airport Singapore direct from London and were met as requested and whisked by chauffeur-driven Mercedes to the Grand Hyatt...Fine so far....until we tried to check in at the Club desk.We were told that our room had been prepared and was just being inspected. The clerk invited us to wait for 10 minutes in the Club Lounge and have a drink. This was 7.15 pm. They stopped serving drinks in the Club Lounge at 8 pm, so having consumed a Diet Coke each, my wife and I returned to the Club desk in search of some information, or better still, a room. It was only after pleading tiredness, exhaustion and Hyatt Gold Passport membership that we were eventually allocated a room at 8.15 pm.After that things improved slightly. The room was OK but somewhat minimalist, the Club lounge was rather reminiscent of an up-market cafeteria, but the continental breakfast served there was fine. Mezza9 restaurant served good but overpriced food.When we came to check out I queried the fact that they had not charged me for the hotel limousine which was about to take us to the airport. This caused some consternation because the clerk at the Club desk with whom I had placed the order the previous day had apparently not actioned it and, it now being Monday morning, there were no cars available at short notice.Fortunately one was found and we we eventually taken to Changi.This was not a last-minute or cheap rate reservation. I had booked it months in advance. There was no excuse whatsoever for not havong a room ready for us at 7.15 pm. (and not even a word of apology)The general problem at the Grand Hyatt seems to be one of attitude, with untrained and uncaring staff left to their own devices to deal with the punters.It is not acceptable to be treated in a generally off hand manner, especially when there are so many other excellent hotels available, one of which I shall be staying at next time I visit Singapore.I wish I'd paid more attention to the earlier comments of some of the other Tripadvisor members!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Philipat
<Content>Attitude Problems My wife and I have stayed in this hotel many times over the last 10 years, partly because I have a Hyatt Diamond Passport which is supposed to entitle me to some special priviledges. However, each time we stay at this property, we have the same negative experiences upon check-in and have to fight for what should be automatic room upgrades. The staff seem to have a real attitude problem and are most unpleasant and snooty.There are only 2 Grand Hyatts in the world that we positively dislike staying in for similar reasons, these being Singapore and New York.After this last stay, we decided that enough was enough and that we would never stay here again. There are many very good hotels in Singapore and we stay also in Raffles, Fullerton, Four Seasons etc. However, when we visit Singapore from Bali for just a few days without any business component, we do really like the location at the junction of Scotts and Orchard. So when we returned to Singapore just last week, we decided to try the Royal Plaza Hotel, just opposite the Hyatt and were very impressed. It's not 5-star but the location is just the same as Hyatt, the rooms are perfectly adequate, the soft drinks and beer in the mini-bar are free (That's very creative and unusual?) and the room rate was about HALF of the Special Diamond Passport rate at Hyatt.I would particularly commend Ibrahim, the Head Concierge at the Royal Plaza. He is superb and one of the best I have come across in any hotel anywhere in the world. Nothing was too much trouble.What is interesting is that both hotels, it seems, have a common owner, the Sultan of Brunei.So we really do not understand why there are such differences in the attitude and service orientation of the staff in these 2 properties? The Hyatt staff seem to believe that they are superior beings with the right to treat customers accordingly. Frankly, even after all the improvements made over the last several years, this property is still fairly ordinary and poor value for money by world standard and also in terms of the market in Singapore. SO we just do not understand why the attitude problem which we have found consistently over many years at this property.We will NEVER be back but will most definitely re-visit the Royal Plaza on similar short shopping trips to Singapore  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>coolcamden
<Content>Really unhappy with Hyatt I've just done a business trip to Asia 11/29- 12/7, with first 3 days in Hyatt Singapore, next 3 days in Hyatt Regency HKG. Unfortunately I had very bad experiences that left a total bad taste in my mouth.I checked into the Sing Hyatt after an exhausting flight SFO-SIN, arriving at the hotel at 2AM, only to be told that my room was not ready. Not only that, the junior suite I had reserved was not available and I was down graded without any comp. (the rate was adjusted). I talked to the hotel manager and he said- paraphrasing we're totally booked, what you want me to do? Adding insults to injury, I had to wait over an hour before my room became ready.Then in HKG, I was in the gold passport line, my traveling companions were in the regular line. They were done WAY before I moved a step. I moved over to the regular line, only to learn that my room was not available. Here comes another REALLY bad part - One of my travel companions said tp the check-in agent: I've just given up my non-smoking room for a smoking one, shouldn't mine be showing up as available for him? The lady acted dumb and made me wait 10 minutes before I got my room.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ekel
<Content>Fantastic Location We stayed for 2 nights at this Hotel in November 2005, we had a deluxe Club Room which entitled us to access the Club Lounge which was fantastic, we loved the continental breakfast which had lovely breads/meats and fruits. From about 5.45pm we had access to wine/spirits and some fantastic savouries, the atmosphere is nice with comfortable chairs or alternatively you could sit at a table. We found the Hotel very business orientated, very modern rooms with minimal furniture and a very business like reception. Staff were friendly and helpful.We loved the location for shopping in Orchard Road, well worth seeing all those fantastic Christmas lights.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but could be better We recently spent 5 nights here in a Grand Suite, which gave us access to the Grand Club. The suite was excellent. Much larger than I had anticipated, with all the amenities you need. It had a safe with power, inbuilt into the desk - perfect for recharging and safekeeping your laptop. BO TV's were a treat, except that the one remote triggered both TV's. Not good when your partner wants to sleep! Vases of orchids, and a bowl of fruit were nice living touches to the suite. However, a few disapointments. The dressing room contained an iron and ironing board - but no powerpoint to plug it in! The bathroom had a tantalising 'volume' control which I think was meant to control the volume of the non-existent TV, although there was a power outlet and aerial plug in perfect position for viewing in the bath. The bath itself had a headrest - but no downlight above it - so I was unable to indulge myself in reading while enjoying a bath.The Grand Club was beautifully furnished, but why oh why do you have a cappucino machine instead of real people to serve coffee. It's just not consistent with 5 star quality in my book. The club arrangement were badly organised, constantly running out of basics like plates, glassware, and cuttlery.The Straights Kitchen is a triumph of upmarket hawker food, and we very much enjoyed our dinner there. On room service - not so impressive. With a proper dining table in our room, the room service staff just plonked a tray on the table. At a previous stay at the 4 Seasons, our room service included setting the table with placemats and serviettes.The Grand Hyatt is worth staying in, but if you want real service, and a real five star experience - go up the road to the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not awful but better places available Spent a weekend in mid August 2005 at this hotel. I have stayed at the Ritz-Carlton, Raffles the Plaza, M, and 4 Seasons and had planned to stay at 4 Seasons, but based on a friend's recommendation booked at the Hyatt. Next time and forever will be the 4 Seasons! The Suite at the Hyatt was minimalist - to be polite. In truth it had a padded bench with no back that passed as a couch/sofa. Bed was comfy and bath was OK. This was after being shown a room with NO view ( well if a view is more than the adjacent shopping building), being told we would be given another one and then after returning from going out to find that we had been given another room with NO view. We talked about changing rooms again, but the front desk staff did not follow up on that so we just stayed the other night and pulled the curtains. But a luxurious suite? No way.Also lobby seemed more like an upscale bus station than a 5 star hotel.Do yourself a favor, if you want Orchard Road stay at the 4 Seasons, can't be beat, and has nice views, staff who are superb and service that is second to none. For the harbor view do the M if you really want that view and a nice big well lit room with good view at very good price and you have business around there at Temasek etc .Ritz has great views and somewhat inconvenient location Naaah, stay at 4 Seasons!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Singapore if you choose Grand Club Rooms ! ! !       Safe and clean MRT  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Can do better   showReview(3842822, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A smashing time!!!       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trendy and chic suitable for the business traveller   showReview(3749663, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Hyatt       Singapore Skyline  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>take this bed home with you!   showReview(3505893, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic room, location and value   showReview(3429109, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheTravellingGourmet
<Content>Taittinger Champagne at Grand Hyatt singapore   showReview(3427086, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PickyCat
<Content>Suite only   showReview(3168637, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Floor is fantastic.   showReview(2516256, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Only get the new Suites!   showReview(2379670, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簝銇曘伅涓€鐣?#x201d;   showReview(23342597, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Msoleil
<Content>銇曘仚銇岋紒   showReview(20682265, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇?#x201d;   showReview(19168963, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣鍒╃敤銇伅鍟忛銇仐銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163282, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Christian33
<Content>Wohl eher nur Hyatt (weniger Grand)   showReview(8434630, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	2	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇梾琛屻伄涓汇仾鐩殑...   showReview(21802646, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簝銇曘伅鈼庯紒   showReview(19159222, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧绌洪枔   showReview(19156881, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銈搞儯銈广仾銉涖儐銉儵銈ゃ儠銈掓ソ銇椼個銇倝锛?#x201d;   showReview(19156522, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婃皸銇叆銈娿仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19929712, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓讳汉銇ㄦ棩鏈伄锛撻€ｄ紤銈?..   showReview(19929283, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇悓銇樸偗銉┿儢銉兗...   showReview(19927582, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛э挤銇粸鍦ㄣ仐銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(19927342, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>AWD銇с伄婊炲湪銇с仐銇?..   showReview(19927167, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛э挤涓伀婊炲湪銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19927076, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄銉椼儵銉併儕銇嬨儉...   showReview(19926865, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈般儵銉炽儔銈︺偆銉炽偘銇偗...   showReview(19926243, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銈傛粸鍦ㄣ仐銇俱仚銆傘偘...   showReview(19926120, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇腑蹇冦偑...   showReview(19925769, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣庡堡閮ㄣ伄鏂借ō銆併仺銈娿倧...   showReview(19924776, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔銈广儓銉兗...   showReview(19924586, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔銉兗銉夈伀...   showReview(19924202, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>骞磋秺銇椼倰銇欍倠銇仹銉┿兂...   showReview(19923785, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇腑蹇冨湴...   showReview(19923083, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€с伀浜烘皸銉汇儶銉斻兗銈?..   showReview(19922303, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掋兌鏈堛伓銈娿伀瀹挎硦銇椼伨...   showReview(19922238, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪熴仯鍏堛伀瑷€銇嗐仺銆併亾銈?..   showReview(19921756, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺伀銇櫞姘淬倓銈枫儯...   showReview(19920887, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇父瀹裤仺...   showReview(19920567, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥儠銉偄銇偣銈ゃ兗...   showReview(19919823, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜鍚戙亶銇с伅銇傘伨銈娿仾...   showReview(19917990, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈備究鍒┿仾浣嶇疆銇亗...   showReview(19916907, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩伄椐呫亱銈夎繎銇?..   showReview(19916355, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

