<Author>jimPerth
<Content>Watch out for intruders in the middle of the night After travelling in Europe for 8 weeks we decided to spend the last three days of our holidays in Singapore before returning home to Perth. Without exception all the hotels we stayed in Europe were excellent. The first night in the Rendezvous Hotel we were woken up at 1.00 in the morning by an intruder breaking into my room. When I made a complaint to the hotel about the intruder I got no apology or explanation. The next day there were insufficient towels. The service was also terrible. When we were in the pool area we ordered two glasses of icy cold orange juice (as indicated on their menu). We had to wait half an hour before we got two small glasses of luke warm orange juice (cost $20)This is the only hotel in my 8 weeks of travelling where I did not feel safe. The service was terrible and the staff was unfriendly.However Singapore is a great city and we especially enjoyed the shopping in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>pea6uk
<Content>great stay We arrived in Singapore at 3am and although we had booked a room from the following night in error, they gave us a room within a couple of hours so we could get some sleep! Fantastic staff, very friendly. Overall a nice, comfortable hotel - suitable for business people or those seeking a 'nice' hotel, nothing exceptional but nothing to complain about either - clean and tidy, wouldn't really recommend for families with small children. Great location with a 5 min walk to the nearest train station, 10 minutes walk to the main shopping area. Pool is very clean although the courtyard it is located in gets very little sun. We only had breakfast at the hotel, but it was fresh (replenished often), buffet style and there were sufficient choices. Would definitely stay at the Rendevous again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Rich1974
<Content>I need to forget this place!! Our Honeymoon had been going so well! We had been staying at some excellent hotels.........then we stayed at this hotel!From the time we walk in we hit probelm after problem. Where to start???1: The room was not ready when we arrived and we had to wait 15 minutes while they looked for something for us. This was at 3.30pm and the guaranteed check in time was 2pm!........No apology for the wait!2: We were informed the Club rooms were under some rennovations. This was ok but they put our room directly under the drilling. We were very tired from our early morning flight and could not rest. We were told the works would stop at 5pm. At 6.30pm i had to ask the Duty Manager to get them to stop the works........he thought they had gone home already!!......no apology for the disturbance!3: The in room internet did not work. We were told that sometime it does not work??? When we wnet downstairs to use their internet desk we were told we would need to pay $1.00 a minute! 24 hours of in room internet would have cost us $24.00!! We asked where the closest internet cafe because $1.00 a minute was the most i had ever experienced and were told it was just down the street. After much hunting around we were told by a few locals that there was no internet cafe so we walk for 10 minutes further and found one for only 8 cents a minute! Lucky we used our own initiative!.......no apology for the internet not working!4: After speaking to the Guest Services Manager about the noise in our room we were offered a room move. We wanted to check it our first and found they tried to give us a downgrade! Not good! We decided to check out the following day as things were getting worse and worse..........The Guest Services Manager apologised numberous times (she was a great help by the way but to little to late)5: I had booked the room direct with the hotel. They stated that because it was my honeymoon i would get a fruit basket on arrival. This was not there and i alerted front desk who said his colleagues would take it up while we were out. I wonder where it went because it sure was not in the room! I informed the same staff member it did not turn up and he just shrugged his shoulders..........no apology for it not arriving!Over all i really need to forget this place exhists! Honeymoons have to be memorable and this place was memorable but all for the bad reasons. Unfortunately we wasted oe whole day in Singapore due to this hotel We will not be back!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>paisleybikini
<Content>Good location but really hard beds! Rendezvous Singapore is in a good location, very close to Ghoby Daut MRT and therefore quiet central. It is in close walking distance to Orchard Road and Raffles Hotel. The room I was in (single person) was quiet small but had everything with a view over the pool. However I found the beds SO hard! Apaprently its a very Chinese thing but I felt bruised by morning. To combat this, the hotel has a great hot pool and large simming pool as well as gym facilities. I found the staff to be nothing special, pretty uninterested in general, especially when i asked if I could change rooms due to the bed. I booked through another online company and when it came to paying the bill, that which was quoted to me was not what was presented to me when checking out. There are of course extra taxes which I was fully aware of but, I am including this in the review purely for other travellers to check over their bills and potentially make a fuss if its wrong!All in all, a good hotel, not great but a fabulous location and stay in singapore.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>Malingshu
<Content>Good location away from Orchard Road I have stayed at the Rendezvous four times and keep coming back because of the relatively good price and great location. I can't stand the hustle and bustle of Orchard Road and love the quiet surrounds of Bras Basah with its Museums, Galleries and Library. It's a short walk to the MRT, Clarke Quay and Fort Canning. The service isn't great - something inevitably goes wrong - twin went I want double (or vice versa), forget to deliver newspaper, non-smoking room with the faint smell of smoke. But it's often the best on price and for that I can overlook these issues - you have to have some patience to stay at the Rendezvous.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Addy21
<Content>My second Home Rendezvous was almost my second home from 2001-2004, during which time I visited Singapore almost every second month, and always stayed at this hotel. Excellent location, great service, and used to be a great view too (the garden view rooms were a great catch, but I believe there has been some construction there recently).The rooms are average sized, clean and the service is usually pretty prompt . The fact that its very close to the orchard road is an added bonus. The staff is very friendly and usually are able to help with most of the stuff. The food is quite nice - buffet is good, however in-dining room service menu is a little limited, expecially round the clck orders. Its not very heavy on the pocket too! Great place to stay on a sight-seeing break, as the place is pretty central, well connected, and generally cheerful! I wouldnt mind going back there!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SingaporeVisitor
<Content>Just superb The Rendezvous is just about the perfect property in Singapore. This is the fourth time my family and I have stayed here, and the property is always clean, the staff welcoming, and the standards of service second to none. We have also stayed at The York (terrible) and the Westin Stamford (excellent, but pricey), so the Rendezvous stacks up well on all counts. Just the perfect location and everything done right. Couldn't be better, and that's why we will always return to theRendezvous.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SaurusAuckland
<Content>Ask for it when you go... We stayed at the Rendezvous for two nights as part of a tour package and were well pleased with the hotel which was very reasonably priced. Check-in staff were polite, friendly and efficient. Our room was large, clean, well appointed and quiet and had a pleasant garden view. Hotel is a centrally located to most attractions and the consierge was very helpful with bus schedules, possible taxi trip costs and directions. We had one breakfast there which was good and enjoyed 'High Tea' in the Palong one afternoon. The swimming pool is big enough for a decent swim and I had a few. We would stay there again and will recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RyanColombo
<Content>Good Location, But really small rooms spent one night at the hotel, Chose it for its location and it didn't disapoint. It was only 2 blocks away from sim lim and a short cab ride away from funan. Overall an Ok experience but the rooms could be a bit bigger.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>lgvicki
<Content>Handy to everything We booked a room for three which turned out to be two single beds and a trundle bed. The trundle bed was still quite comfortable. Our room was quiet and looked out over the pool. The room was quite dated and small but clean and comforable. Had some trouble with the shower as it had only one tap for the bath and shower and you had to hold a button in to use the shower but once we worked it out the shower was great - lots of pressure and hot water. Did not eat in the hotel restaurant. We ate at the Turkish cafe, Coffee Club which are in the gourmet gallery in the hotel courtyard. we also had breakfast at Kopitam which is just up the road. Dhoby Gout MRT is about a 3 min walk. We found the motel to be very central.It was clean and we found the staff to be friendly and courteous. WOuld definitely stay here again as it was just so conveniently located.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BeautifulMind000
<Content>Nice and Central The hotel is centrally located. The MTR is about a 5 minute walk away. Couple of good shopping malls are close by. If one is willing to walk, Raffles, Little India, Sim Lim Square (6 floors of electronics and computer equipment) is within 10-20 minutes of walking.Hotel itself is nice. The pool area is excellent .... great for a dip in the afternoon. Room itself was clean, maybe slightly dated (but maybe thats the decor) and was of a decent size.We found the buffet breakfast option extensive, but the food appeared to be cold (we stayed for 3 nights) and the quality/taste not that great.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>MissDSydney
<Content>The hotel gave me a birthday cake! This hotel is in a great location, when the sun goes down you can have a pleasant walk to chimes, Bugis or orchard rd, otherwise catch the MRT which is just across the steet, there are lots of cheap eats next door also.We stayed in a deluxe room and even though the rooms are slightly dated they are clean and staff are friendly, it was my birthday while we stayed there and the management sent me up a birthday cake, I thought that was a really nice touch.Breakfast was pretty good but a they could improve! I will stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>paopao2
<Content>Good hotel at reasonable rate, excellent location. We have chosen this hotel because of the very good location (walking distance to Chijmes - lovely restaurants! - Little India,Arab Street, Bugis Village, Raffles City, Boat and Clake Quay, Orchard Road and, a little further, Chinatown) and because of thereasonable rate compared to other hotels of the same level in this area). It is not a luxury hotel, but do consider the rate!The standard room we had was not very large but was ok, clean, with comfortable beds and although it was on a lower floor it was quiet as it overlooked the swimming-pool.We had no time to use any service of the hotel (swimming pool,gym room, internet, etc,).Breakfast is too expensive, but some coffee shops are available along Bras Basah Road. (No complimentary mineral water in the room)  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travel7310
<Content>Good location Booked this hotel after extensive reading of reviews on this site.Excellent location at the end of Orchard Road and within walking distance of MRT.Although a non smoking hotel, I had to change my room due to strong smell of smoke but immediately given another room which was of better qualityGood room facilities and hotel pool and gym above averageBreakfast buffet extensive and well runAltogether, a good quality hotel in an excellent location, no frills but if all you want is a room in a hotel with gym facilities this is a good choice  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Luv2travel012
<Content>Excellent Service, Breakfast, Rooms        Spa a little too hot  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>ticketmuc
<Content>Not even one star quality for 350 S$       Burnmarks and stains Room 1135  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FreqFly
<Content>OK for a night or two This hotel is overpriced for the standard of the rooms, the service is just OK but its best feature is the location.It is very close to Dhoby Ghaut MRT station and not too far from City Hall ( a major interchange station).Standard Rooms are small but clean and adequately equipped. Hotel has a pool and most other facilties.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Doha
<Content>Great service and location I have just returned from a very pleasurable 2 night stay at the Hotel Rendezvous. All the staff very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. The location was perfect, between Orchard Road and the Raffles / Marina area. I would have no hesitation in returning for my next visit to SIngapore.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>deb000
<Content>Great Location This is our first trip to Singapore and my husband and I were very inpressed with this very clean city.Rendezvous Hotel was located very handy to Orchard Road and local food courts where food was very cheap and of good quality.Seven eleven across road for snacks etc. Cheaper shopping district within walking distance as well.I was under the impression Singapore was expensive but was pleasantly surprised, some things were but not by Australia's prices. (Costume jewellery unbeliveable for the price)The hotel was great with staff very friendly and helpful. We would definately stay here again.Singapore will blow your mind with its cleanliness and welcoming attitude. Underground rail system is a must.My opinion The Rendezvous was excellent for cleanliness and service could not fault anything.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cudrefin
<Content>Well worth considering I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights at the beginning of February 2008. Having been to Singapore a few times I picked this hotel based on its location, price and the reviews previously posted on Tripadvisor.Location:I wanted to be within walking distance of Chinatown, Little India, Orchard Road and Clark Quay and this hotel fitted the bill perfectly. There is not a huge amount in the way of bars and restaurants within the immediate vicinity of the hotel but a 5-minute walk would get you onto Orchard Road or well on your way to Raffles City. There was a bar (called the Public House I think) and a couple of cafes as well as a small shop within the ground floor area of the hotel. I particularly like the bar (I frequented it every night for at least 1 drink) which was open until anytime between midnight and 3:00am depending on the day of the week.Check-in:I had requested an early check-in as I arrived in Singapore at 6:00am after a 13 hour flight. Although the room wasn't ready when I arrived at the hotel at 7:00 am they did get the room ready by 10:00am which I thought was pretty good going considering that the normal check-in time is 2:00pm.The room:The room on the 6th floor and was of a good standard for the price being well maintained and very clean. The bed was huge (super king or larger) and there was good sized LCD television set into the wall. The bathroom was a decent size and also very clean. There were tea making facilities, a minibar and a safe so pretty much everything I needed.Hotel Services:I dodn't really make much use of the services as I was out and about most of the time. The hotel bar, restaurant and swimming pool looked fine although I didn't use any of them. The reception desk staff were very polite and efficient and both check-in and check-out were nice and easy. Special credit goes to the housekeeping staff who kept my room perfectly clean and tidy and who were always really friendly.Value:Not bad for Singapore. Prices have definitely risen in the last couple of years so the 拢80 per night (+ taxes) was acceptable when compared with other hotels in the city of a similar quality. I arranged a late check-out on my last day and had to pay half the daily room rate for an extra 6 hours use of the room - I thought that this was a bit expensive.Overall:Would I stay there again? Yes, if I wanted to be in that area of the city. If you're looking for a hotel with loads of facilities to keep the kids entertained then this might not be the place but for a good night's sleep at a reasonable price and in a decent location this hotel is well worth considering.Other stuff:A friend travelling with me had booked a smoking room but only found out at check-in that the hotel had gone completely no-smoking from January 2008 (the room was only booked a week before the no-smoking policy was implemented).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>totzys
<Content>Staff not very helpful Checked into this hotel through au.Hotels assuming I had booked a room to accomodate 2 adults and two teenagers, only to find it only had 2 single beds. The manager was not helpful, our choice, book another room at $1500 AU for 6 nights or hire a fold up bed at $70++ Sg per night, although there would not have been room for a fold up bed. The four of us attempted to sleep on 2 x single beds, some nights my husband slept on the floor. $1500 au for this.......with no breakfast, not worth it .Half way through our stay, the pungent smell of the Durian fruit came through our airconditioning. We had to pack and move floors. Reception staff were not friendly at all. The only good aspect of the hotel is the location, close to Dhouby Ghaut station.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	2	1	

<Author>Bibster2005
<Content>An average Hotel but great location We stayed at this hotel on our pre and post trip to Bangkok in Dec/Jan. There's nothing great about this hotel except the location. Dhoby Ghaut MRT is about 5-7 minutes walk, Orchard Road where all the shopping is about 10-15minutes walk, Bugis is about 5-10 minutes. Everything is around this hotel. Staff are not very helpful and not flexible. Our room rate include breakfast for 2 but only 1 was allowed!!! The lady at the restaurant just refuse to let us in, so we had to run between the restaurant and the reception ourselves to clarify the deal, finally my husband was allowed in but found that it's not worth the running around as the food wasn't that great. For the next 3 mornings, we ended having our breakfast at Kopitiam opposite the hotel. It was yummy and lots of choices. Pool is nice and there are no chairs for you to sit at the lobby. You 'll see lots of people standing around!!! Lots of exits too from the hotel so can be confusing.. Overall, we had a great stay and because of the location and the reasonable rate, we will consider staying again minus the breakfast!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MartynLondon
<Content>good location Our first impression of this Hotel was very poor as we were kept waiting for about 40 minutes as they could not find us a room even though this had been booked through a travel agent. There was no apology and the room we were eventually given was very small. During our stay the staff at reception were always unhelpful and inefficient.The location of the hotel was good, just a short walk from Raffles where you must visit the free museum.The best thing about the Rendezvous hotel was the Happy Hour Singapore Sling.Beware the bottled water in the room is not complementary.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Sam_Usa
<Content>Good location and walking distance to many attractions We checked in the hotel around 2pm with no issues. We have booked through PassionAsia.com about 2 months ahead at about US$120/night without breakfast, for a non-smoking room with king-size bed. Pool area was nice and reasonably clean with clean towels. Gym room was well equipped. I believe the operating hours were 6am to 10pm daily for both pool and gym facilities. Everyone at the hotel was polite and when we asked for directions to places, they were very helpful too. Good central location to many attractions (Orchard Road, Raffles City, Esplanade, Chijmes, Raffles Hotel, Art Museum), with a food court (Kopitiam) or a Delifrance deli shop next door. We also saw a Subway sandwich shop nearby. Nearest MRT station is Dhoby Ghaut, which can be quite confusing to navigate. Overall a good experience at the hotel, and would definitely stay there again, even though housekeeping could be improved.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tog
<Content>Reasonable hotel Good location and reasonable standard of hotel. As stated in a previous review, the bottled water in the room is expensive (Evian instead of a more local water) and the wi-fi is only available at a daily rate - expensive if you only want to check your e-mails for 30 minutes. Breakfast buffet finishes at 10.30 PROMPT - everything is whisked away on the dot, so make sure you have taken everything you want by that time. Alternatively there are coffee shops very nearby along Bras Basah Road. The swimming pool is quite nice, but only about 10 sunbeds round it.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>nomad93
<Content>Average Hotel Rendevous is located at a good location close to orchad road, China Town. I stayed at their premier room. The room was spacious and comfortable. Though i didnt care much for the bathroom floor which did not match with the bathroom walls and also the floor looked old and rundown. I had booked the room through their site. the price quoted is exclusive of taxes (something which they do not mention on their site. you have to call and confirm if the price includes taxes or not.) Overall an average experience.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Away-From-Brussels
<Content>Great Hotel but rules can't be bent.... Our travel agent booked us at this hotel as part of a Singapore Airlines stopover. We had arrived early in the morning at around 7.45am and was told that checkin time was at 2pm. It was such a dissapointment. The indian lady was very apologetic and said that we could come between 11am-12pm to check if rooms were available. We were then directed to the pool to freshn' up.After we went to the pool, we went to the reception and ask if we could switch our last day breakfast to today but was told that they cannot. I was surprised as I am not asking for additional breakfast, only to change the dates. I even offered to pay the difference if the problem was due to money. Later the girl which attended to us earlier, checked with the restaurant. And came back saying NO. It was so ridiculous but instead, she gave a discount voucher for the reataurant and also showed me the areas where I could buy time while waiting for the room. The lobby was very small and there were no chairs to sit. Worse of all, its very hot. I notice that the counter had fans so I gathered that the aircon is low all the time. The rooms were small but adequite for the two of us. When my wife wanted to have a shower, we saw a few strands of hair in the toilet floor. If you are looking for hot water, this is not the hotel I was told that they maintain it at only 44 degrees. We approached the concierge to reserve our seats but she does not understand. (I think it was the concierge but she was not wearing unoform... then again I may be wrong.) I didn't know how to reserve seats thru' internet and had to approach the manager for assistance. She booked and also explained to us. (I think she was from India - very helpful.)Overall, my stay was wonderful. Will definately return to Rendezvous again. I forgot to mention, I got the room at 10.30am.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>lynjane70
<Content>perfect location The Rendezvous was a perfect choice for location and value for money..........we had four days to spend in Singapore on the way home from Australia, and managed to see all the city highlights so easily from the ideal location of this Hotel. We could walk to Clarke Quay, China Town, Little India, the Marina, Mustapha  Suntec Malls very easily. Recommended is a visit to Chijmes for souvenirs and a lovely courtyard for dining day and night...just down the road, and across the road from Raffles Hotel. Orchard Road starts outside the Hotel, and other highlights were a cheap taxi fare away. Our room was clean, comfortable, with internet access...the staff were helpful, and there's a great pub on street level,as well as a nice pool...........everything you need at a reasonable price, we will go back for sure!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>melissaroberts34
<Content>Wonderful stay but... My husband and I was accompanying our guests to check in in Rendezvous Hotel Singapore. All front desk personnel were extremely helpful and accomodating especially the managers. But our overall wonderful experience was ruined by one of your front desk personnel, Mageswary, if I remember the spelling correctly. She was not only unfriendly but very arrogant and rude. Otherwise, good hotel, good location with good service personnel. If not for all the other people that we meet during our guests' stay, we will definitely not return to Rendezvous Hotel Singapore.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ChelseaTraveller
<Content>Nothing special but ok The room was pleasant enough if a bit on the small side, mainly due to the unwanted extra single bed in what was otherwise a standard double room. The location is very central and the facilities are generally reasonable. One annoyance was the bar closing at 11pm which in my book is not acceptable in a big hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	-1	4	3	-1	

<Author>Unhappy_in_Singapore
<Content>Don't Stay at the Rendezvous Singapore!!! This hotel has is absolutely terrible and ruined the trip. The front desk staff are unfriendly, unreliable and the hotel manager was confrontational when we escalated our issue for his help.My mother flew 25 hours from the US to be in Singapore for my wedding. Before picking her up at the airport, I personally called the hotel and checked to see if her room would be available. I was assured by the hotel staff that indeed her reservation was in place and that a room would be ready for her check-in when we arrived from the airport in 1 hour.When we arrived at the hotel, not only was her room not available but we also learned that a tour bus of 30 other people had just arrived before us and they also did not have rooms. After such a long flight, my mother wanted to take a shower and get some rest. The front desk staff were rude, unfriendly and unsympathetic. This is not the type of professionalism you expect from an upmarket hotel. It was only when I asked to speak to the hotel manager that anyone seemed to take interest.Upon meeting the hotel manager, he proceed to tell me that it was my fault. He then told us that it was our travel agents fault. For some reason, he did not seem to accept that someone from his staff had, only 1 hour earlier, confirmed that a room was available. Had we known a room wasn't available, we would not have dragged my mother across town to the hotel.We cut short my mother's stay at the Rendezvous and moved her to another hotel, the Miramar which was significantly better. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels and I was appalled by the service, attitude and accusations of the hotel staff at the Rendezvous. There are a lot of other hotels in Singapore - very good ones. I would strongly urge people considering this hotel to consider their alternatives.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mrsladyeastanglia
<Content>nice hotel We stayed at the Rendezvous in August 2007 for 4 nights, yes the receptionist is lacking in humor or warmth, she did wined me up with her manner, otherwise staff were lovely very friendly and helpful. Room was not ready on arrival and they charged us another $60 a day for a rollaway for my small son, when we got past that our stay was brilliant the food was good and varied we enjoyed the pool and was glad it was in the shade (who wants full on sun?) We would stay there again only make sure of the price and any additions first next time.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>live&dive
<Content>So-so only/Great location       Room  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ShelleyMush
<Content>Very Happy at Rendezvous We stayed at the Rendezvous for 4 nights after a wonderful cruise on the Virgo. We were initially taken to a room on a smoking floor with 2 single beds. We instantly refused the room and our helpful porter rang reception and we were immediately taken to a non smoking room with a larger than normal king sized bed. It is a good idea to have the travel agent request a non smoking room when making the original booking. Our room was nice and clean with very high ceilings, with an excellent controllable airconditioner. The pool area is very inviting with a lovely spa. We found the hotel to be very conveniently located with a 7 Eleven and food court across the road. The stunning newly refurbished museum is a 5 minute walk away and well worth a visit - don't forget to have a coffee whilst there - it is the best we found in Singapore. Staff at the hotel were very pleasant and I would suggest prepaying for breakfast if possible as we found it quite good with a Chinese dim sum option. This was the only place where I found the staff a bit lacking. We also pre arranged a 4.00 pm late checkout which timed perfectly with our 7.30 pm flight home. My only negative would be that we were given a $30 spa voucher, when I tried to use it, I was told that prices had increased but surprise, surprise $30, so I cancelled my appointment - the staff were very unimpressive in this establishment. I would like to point out that the Spa is only situated in the hotel and not actually run by the hotel.Overall we enjoyed our stay very much. We paid A$558.00 for 4 nights with late checkout and full breakfast for 2 - not bad for $139.50 per night. We believe that the Rendezvous represented for us really good value for money, rembering that it is not a five star hotel with five star prices; we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Matelot2000
<Content>OK if you get a good price Part of the Clarion Collection so use their website to cross-check prices. I managed S$150+tax a night, which was a good rate. Rooms OK for size and comfort but well-serviced. Some things like bottled water (2xbotts=S$10) is extravangantly expensive. So is internet if you use their broadband - use their wireless ($S12 a day-register at reception) although speed varies wildly. Breakfast S$16 a person is good but you can get a simple breakfast at the Kopitam opposite for S$2.50 and lunch/dinner for less than S$10. Location is very good - close to Dhoby Gaut MRT and taxis are easy to obtain. Raffles is close and Chinatown is 20mins sweaty walk away. Altogether, if you get a good room price, go for it, but compare closely.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>gachingura
<Content>practically located good but not excellent Having previously stayed at this hotel, I booked it again through an agent for a stop-over during my honeymoon, on our ways to and from Indonesia. The hotel is very practical to go everywhere in Singapore. The rooms cannot be faulted, in particular if yours is not on the street side. When we arrived we had to wait an hour for a room to be ready, which we thought was very bad, in particular after the intercontinental flight. We could use the pool facilities to have a was and get changed though, which was OK. The room was on the top floor and very quiet. We asked to be in the same room on the way back.The breakfast buffet is adequate but not great.On the whole this hotel gives very easy access to everything in Singapore, it's clean and confortable, but don't expect any luxury.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MuchLoveForTravel
<Content>Great value hotel We used to travel to Singapore almost on a monthly basis so we stayed at this hotel numerous times. Service is okay. Room is good for the price paid (corporate rate of ~$110US a night). But not all rooms have down comforters and I think they're the lower floors (below 6th floor). The deluxe room is just a bit (could hardly tell) bigger than the superior. Walking distance to a 24 hour food court, called Kopitiam. About a 15 min. walk to the subway. About a 20 min. walk to a shopping plaza, Plaza Singapura, which has a Carrefour (like a Wal-mart) and many shops and restaurants. Just few more mins further, you will hit Orchard Rd., where all the department stores and shops are located. Buses stop right at the back entrance of the hotel. There's also a DeliFrance next door. 7-11 store is right next door also. A very conveniently located hotel with comfortable room.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Aussietraveller88
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff My husband  I stayed overnight in Singapore on our way to Paris, and this hotel looked to be a good choice, it was! Centraly located, beautiful room, lovely breakfast and the staff were exceptionally helpful. I think I would be hard pressed to find a better place to stay for the price in Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Rebbew
<Content>Not worth it.... Stayed for 5 nights since other hotels were booked and was far from impressed. The room was average. Bed was hard with a thin mattress. The expensive breakfast featured drinks available in very very small glasses. When I got up to re-fill my juice a few times, my plate would be gone!! The worst part was when I found underwear from the previous guest (clean I hope) in the drawer. Poor job by the housekeeping staff. Overall, this hotel will not impress you. If you can't afford anything nicer, it might be ok, but you can get a better value elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	3	3	2	

<Author>ChunMingYang
<Content>Just ok. I don't recommend it. I booked this hotel via travel agency and stayed there for three nights this week. The exterior of this hotel is quite appealing, looks like a nice 4-star hotel (that's what most Sigapore travel books said) BUT锛丄ctually this hotel quality is a 3-star-quality hotel. My room is at lower level, faces to the Bras Basah Road. It's a little bit noisy in the night. The room is clean but don't expect various amenties. As another reviewer said, there is NO free bottle water in the room, you have to buy it at nearby convience stores. Broadband internet service are over-priced, you should consider more before connect your laptop. Breakfast buffet is unappealing, for a 4-star hotel, I expect more choices. Food is a little bit over-priced, you can find similar dishes in a Kopitam (food shop) located one-block away (2 mins from the hotel).Except these probelms, this hotel still has its advantages. Location is great, very close to MRT station, food shop, cafes, and many attractions (e.g., Orchard Road, City Hall, Raffles Hotel...etc). Staffs are quite nice and are willing to help customers. In short, Rendezvous Singapore is actually a 3-star hotel. Pay some extra money and stay another better place!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>JohninNYC
<Content>Three strikes, so they are O-U-T I stayed here for 4 nights in mid-June 2007, and had booked for room + taxes+ breakfast though one of the Asian based reservation services. I paid in full in advance.The non-smoking room that I received was on a lower floor that reeked of tobacco: the corridor, the elevator car, and my room too.All day long, there were foul cooking smells coming up from the kitchen, like boarding house cabbage and beans.The hotel offered no complimentary bottled water, a first for me even in Singapore hotels. Large sizes of the bottled water on the desk, though, were available for purchase.The buffet breakfast was unappealing and offered few choices: a meager setting in a town known for food.Well, that the three strikes. They are now out of my book; I'll stay elsewhere when I return to Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>HongLam
<Content>Locationand the price is right       Park next to rendezvous hotel  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>L8H
<Content>The Rendezvous is OK We were in Singapore for 3 days before flying onto Penang and this was the first time. We arrived into Singapore very early in the morning and we were at the hotel at around 09:00. Unfortunately they did not have a room for us until one o'clock. After a little bit of silence i asked whether it would be possible to have access to the gym or swiming pool so we could shower and change our clothes which we were given but might have been nice to have been offered this. When we did check in there was no bed for our daughter who was traveling with us, although the hotel blamed this on our travel agent. The chap that checked us in wasnt going out of his way to help us, he did however provide and additional bed at now extra charge. The hotel is clean, in a good location with a 10 minute walk to the MRT station, Raffles and Orchard Road. Whether it was because of our 15 hours of travelling and day walking around Singapore but the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The rooms are average size leaning towards small. Although I probably would stay here again i think I would try another for comparison.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>arandle
<Content>Great hotel We spent 4 nights here in April 2007, and were happy with the accommodation.Situated at the base of Orchard Road (near Little India), this hotel was within walking distance of several shopping centres, a bus stop and the train station. There was an excellent food court (Kopitiam) across the road, and the Sim Lim IT mall was only a 10 min walk away. The hotel鈥檚 concierge were friendly and helpful, and our rooms were clean and well maintained.Overall, we were pleased with the hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Muppet123
<Content>Great hotel  This is a good hotel which lived up to our expectations. We had double room booked on the non-smoking (8th) floor which had great views of the city. The room was spacious and very clean. Breakfast buffet was excellent - a mixture of local and European food. Nearest Metro station is only a 10 minute walk away. We will definitely pay a return visit.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>emski78
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location This hotel is in a good location - not far from one of the metro stops. And also not far from Raffles Hotel (in walking distance). It is at one end of Orchard Road so not right in the middle of things, but it is easy and quick enough to get to Orchard Road by underground train. The hotel itself was very clean, and of a good standard. Very good facilities. We had a double standard room, which was fine, and provided everything we needed as tourists. I wouldn't call it luxurious, but it was certainly above average. Very pleasant stay here. Everything ran smoothly from check in. I would recommend this hotel to anyone with a short (or long) stopover in Sinagpore. There is also an excellent food court nearby (next block along) should you wish to sample some of the local cuisine.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Shiv'sTrip
<Content>Expected Better!!! Stayed at this Hotel in Jan 07Location ok but rooms very dark and bathrooms not very clean,Really Need Major Renovation! Leaking ceiling my my room(deluxe room)which took 1 day to fix after complaining few timesStaff not very friendly,Shocking!!!I will never go back again.ShivaniSydney Australia  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nomixer
<Content>Better than I expected, but possibly overpriced I was asked to work in Singapore for 3 months for work at very short notice, so booked the Rendezvous for my first week as it was convenient for both the office and nightlife. I chose my flight specifically as it arrived around 2.30pm so that I would not have any delays checking in. Within 5 mins of getting out of the taxi I had checked in on the executive floor, been given a brief overview of the facilities, and arrived at my room where the porter was waiting with my bag.The room had plenty of storage (I had clothes for a 3 month trip), an average sized, clean bathroom as well as a proper desk. There was also an armchair to sit at while snacking on the complimentary fruit basket.As a business traveller I was pleased to note that the desk had plenty of power sockets and all were multi region, so I could plug my US laptop in without having to use an adaptor. The internet access was charged at $0.85 a minute, or a maximum charge of $25 for 24 hours.Annoyingly the TV remote control could not be used to turn the TV on or off, and the picture broke up on certain channels, but that was only a minor issue.I didn't have occaision to use any of the hotel's other facilities, such as the pool or restaurants, so cannot advise on those.My only other previous experience of Singapore was a 2 night stopover nearly 2 years ago to the day. I stayed at 5* hotel just off Orchard Road for about two thirds of the cost of the Rendezvous, so it would seem that the hotel rates have gone up a lot in recent years.I would stay here again if I found a better rate than the approx 90GBP I paid.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Donegaltourist
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again Booked the Rendezvous based on the reviews I read on Trip Advisor. My husband and I arrived exhausted after our flight from New Zealand and were given a twin smoking room. I had reserved a superior double non smoking room. My husband went to make himself a cup of coffee and found that there was no tea or coffee in the room. He found a maid and requested a few sachets, he bought his own milk as there was only packets of creamer in the room. A few days later his supply of tea and coffee had run out again and the maid did not replace them so he again had to request fresh supplies. One of the mugs was chipped in our room. We had 7 nights in the Rendezvous and if I was travelling to Singapore again I'd pay a few pounds extra and stay at the Carlton (we stayed there one night on way to New Zealand).The bedroom was small and the bathroom cramped. There is air conditioning and a safe in the room. The window in the room could not be opened. The pool was in the shade most of the day except for about 2 hours - there were only 10 sun beds to service all the guests at the hotel.We were booked on a bed and breakfast basis, the breakfast was more suited to the Asian guests. Found that the quality of food at breakfast was not great.Ate dinner on a few nights at Pasta Fresca at Boat Quay. The food was very good there. The Indian next door to Pasta Fresca was also good. Another place if you're into meat is the Brazilian Carnivore in Chijmes. Go before 7.00 pm to get a cheaper price. Singapore is one big melting mall. The humidity is something else, you'd need a shower after 30 seconds. There is mall after mall after mall and the Rendezvous is convenient to Orchard Road.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>shario
<Content>We would stay here again My husband and I stayed here for three nights in January. We found the hotel quite comfortable and in a convenient neighborhood close to a metro station. Do check out the Fortune Center a couple of blocks away -- it is an unassuming looking building, but go up a couple of floors and there is a very interesting selection of massage, astrology and chiropractic businesses that we found fascinating. We used the hotel's tour service and were happy with that. There is also an excellent coffee place next door. I can't think of anything negative to say about the Rendezvous, and we would definitely stay here again if we return to Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luv2Trav3l
<Content>Decent hotel. We stayed at the Rendezvous Hotel in mid-December of 2006. We checked in at 1pm but they were unable to get us a room until 2pm so we had to wait in the lobby for a bit. So when they gave us our room key at 2pm, we went upstairs to our room and the lady was still cleaning so we had to wait in the hallway while she finished up. Not sure if there is some sort of communication problem there but when they say we can check-in by 2pm, I expect to check-in hassle free by that time. Although they checked us into a non-smoking room, there was definitely a smoke odor so we had to change rooms. The room was decent with a nice view but the shower was very disappointing. We had the tap turned to the hottest setting and that was just barely comfortable enough. The hotel was within walking distance to the subway and had a bunch of restaurants nearby for lunch/dinner. We would stay there again despite the hassles that we encountered.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>theoldwoman
<Content>Very acceptable My wife and I stayed here for three nights at the end of November. We booked via the Rendezvous Hotel group鈥檚 own website, chose a room on the 7th floor, and requested a room away from the main road, which we were given, so top marks to the check-in staff. Our room was well fitted with good aircon, and kept very clean. The staff were friendly and helpful, with advice on transport etc..The hotel is in a great location, from the pavement outside you can catch a bus to almost anywhere in southern Singapore, and just a block away is the Dobi Ghaut MTR station. Bras Basah road changes into Orchard Road outside the hotel, so if not too hot you can walk to all the shopping malls. Raffles hotel is an easy walk, useful after a few Singapore Slings in the Long Bar! I bought one day鈥檚 wifi from the hotel for SGD11.60, before I discovered that the Olympic Centre one block away offers completely free wifi 24x7 鈥?and there鈥檚 a Starbucks there too, where the staff are very friendly and helpful. In fact everyone in Singapore was friendly, some a little too friendly, avoid being tempted into conversation by the tailors in Chinatown, or before you know it you鈥檒l have ordered a suit and half a dozen shirts.We never ate in the hotel, as there鈥檚 a Kopitiam food court right next door, for great value breakfast, lunch, and dinner, with about a dozen different Asian cuisines on offer.We鈥檇 definitely stay there again; good rooms, helpful staff, great value and great location.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jltaylor
<Content>decent hotel         
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lissag
<Content>Good location but some poor service Great location and very comfortable beds but this hotel was nothing special. Its main benefit was the location - close to little india and orchard road so we didn't need to use taxis very often. On occasions the service was poor - the main issue was when we paid the bill and two phone calls made were charged at more than we expected when we were told by the operator they would cost much less - instead of apologising, the manager told us he would charge the difference to the operator! They were not partcularly willing to accomodate us when we asked if we could have a late check out as out flight was not until 10 in the evening - they only managed to extend our check out by 1 hour! All in all the hotel was a little sterile and not particularly friendly. Wouldn't stay here again as all the small annoyances mounted up and I'd rather stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>alijax
<Content>Very pleased with this hotel! I was very pleased with this hotel. I found the Clarion to be very clean and the staff friendly. The hotel is located near the subway line and I found it easy to navigate to and from the area. Little India is in walking distance and the nearest halker stand is only a block away (where the food is cheap) !  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HeatherAitken
<Content>Lovely Hotel We arrived at this hotel after a nine hour flight from London and we were dealt with very efficiently and professionally. We had a three night stop over there before travelling on to Australia. Hotel room was nice with everything we desired. We did not eat in the hotel however we did look at the menu and everything appeared reasonably priced. Singapore itself is beautiful - everything is so clean and the people are so disciplined and make you very welcome. We had a trip to Sentosa Island - again beautiful (although the guide was a bit of Sergeant Major and we didn't have an awful lot of time to do our own thing). We also went on the Whacky Duck ride which gave us a tour of the city and then a sail down the river. We went to Raffles for a Singapore Sling and although it was expensive it was something you just had to do.We weren't leaving Singapore until early evening and we had to check out at 12.00. We were given another room until we left (at no extra charge). We spent a couple of hours at the pool and spa before travelling and because this was deserted we were perfectly chilled out before leaving. The bar staff were also very friendly and informative.All in all I would not hesitate to use this hotel again. It was a perfect start to a perfect holiday.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Fkap
<Content>Great Location, Good Hotel Reviewer : Trip Advisor Member, Calcutta, IndiaWe stayed at the Rendezvous Hotel, Singapore durin 30 Sep to 4 Oct 2006 and in fact I chose this hotel based on reviews read on tripadvisor and am glad I did. It turned out to be pretty decent place. We arrived on 30th morning around 8 a.m. and the check in was smooth. We were just told to go in for breakfast while the rooms got ready and both our rooms were ready by the time we finished breakfast. Of course one major reason was that one room was pre-booked from the 29th (Singapore check-in's are 2 p.m onwards) but even the second room was given to us early at no extra charge.The daily breakfast spread was sumptuous and appetizing enough to last the day if you wanted it that way.The hotel location is superb - just down the road from The Raffles and a choice of eating places across the road - Delifrance, Koppitam, etcThe hotel rooms are a trifle small and in one room the bathroom exhaust system was not working properly, which caused some inconvenience to our family members staying there. That should certainly be looked into.Otherwise a pleasant hassle free stay.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LisaT
<Content>We enjoyed our stay We really enjoyed our 2 night stay at the Rendezvous. We booked through Asiarooms.com which gave a great rate plus buffet breakfast. The location was excellent. 10 minutes walk to just about anywhere we wanted to go, Clarke Quay, Little India, Arab St. Dhoby Ghaut MRT is a few hundred yards away so we jumped on that for Chinatown and Newton. The rooms were very clean and ours was spacious with lots of amenities. The staff we lovely. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>mela1963
<Content>Good location This hotel is well located within walking distance to Dhoby Gaut MRT. We travelled as a family of 2 adults and 3 children. Booked through Qantas holidays - family connecting room. Rooms are a bit small but did not spend much time in them. The rooms were always clean and staff friendly. There is a 7/11 store across the road and a food hall which is open for breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Lahiruwan
<Content>Would like to Rendezvous again! Stayed for 3 nights in late October. We took a twin with an extra bed and a double. Got a really good deal (I think). Paid US$66 for the double and US$91 for the twin with the extra bed. Buffet breakfast was also included.We went at 7am and was told we could get one room immediately and the other at 2pm but were pleasantly surprised told it was ready at 10am. Likewise we kept one room till 3.30pm on the day we checked out.Really clean place and better than the 3 star rating given in most websites. Staff was friendly and prompt. The superior interconnecting rooms we got we a bit on the small side.Broadband internet and internet on the TV is available but REALLY expensive compared to outside.Pool is nice and clean.Good location about 50m from Dhoby Ghaut MRT (subway) station and walking distance from SimLim Square.This is at the beginning of Orchard road and is quite close to Plaza Singapura mall.Careful of the free voucher for a meal. We thought it was for all of us but turned out it was for only for one person!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Kadi111
<Content>Fantastic! Well we only just managed to get in this hotel on 28th December, and booked when we got to the airport.Great thing about Singa's is it is so easy!!!Last time went to Singa's (September 2000), we stayed at the Westin (tallest hotel in the world - but since been taken over and now really expensive!)Rendezvous Hotel was in the heart of wherever we needed to go, and was perfect for New Year. Is only a 10 minute walk from the main town, 20 mins from Orchard Road (main shopping road).Everything is in main reach - buses, food, and RAFFLES!! (My Fiance proposed in Raffles while we were there, so it was great not to be too far from that gorgeous hotel).Food was plentyful for breakfast - continental, American, English, you name it! We ate out other times of the day. Corner restaurant over the road which serves a variety of dishes, which you just go up and get, and only cost about 拢1.50!!!Not worth getting the upgraded rooms, which my other half paid for 30 Dec - 1 Jan, as he proposed on the evening of 30th and wanted a superior room. The room was no different to to one we had stayed in for the previous 2 nights, all that you got extra was a few snacks and drinks for a couple of hours on the top floor. We only went as it had been paid for, but we were dying to go into town.Totally recommend this hotel for any age group, as you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Macdaddyn
<Content>Surprised this hotel rates so highly We stayed here rececently on two separate nights on the way to  back from Vietnam.I would rate this hotel as only average. The room was small  a bit dated. The bed was as hard as I have ever slept on.We had a drink in the Lobby Bar which was very expensive but did not eat in the restaurant. Breakfast was not served until 7:00am which was too late for us for our connecting flights.The staff were pleasant enough without being overly friendly. We were woken at 2:30am with a knock on the door for 'room service' but not only did he have the wrong room number, he was on the wrong floor.One feature of this hotel which is excellent is its position, very handy to everything.I would not stay here again, rather try another hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kittie
<Content>Clean rooms, mediocre food Breakfast is ruined by stewed coffee out of an urn; sliced bread only (no fresh loaves); and orange juice of the syrupy type you haven't drunk since your seventh birthday party. So if, like me, you enjoy waking up to fresh coffee, fresh bread and fresh juice, then breakfast will be a pretty miserable experience. (The Club lounge breakfast is no better.) Rooms are fine, though; but the quality of the breakfast is not commensurate with them.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bruce in West Oz
<Content>A little gem We stayed at the Rendezvous for 8 nights in mid-September as part of a group of about 14 who went up to Singapore to celebrate a 50th birthday! (Don't ask!)From photos on the Internet, I was dubious about the hotel (a little) but reassured by the comments here. I needn't have worried. We have stayed in hotels worth 6 or 7 times as much per night, and NOT enjoyed them the way we enjoyed the Rendezvous.LOCATIONCouldn't be better if you tried. At the end of Orchard Road, on the corner of Bras Basah and Bencoolen. Easy walking distance to Orchard Road shops, Bugis Street markets, the Raffles, even Clarke and Boat Quays, Arab Street and Canning Park (you must see the Battle Box museum!). we only caught taxis to Mustafa's in Little India. Despite the humidity, we walked up to 7 hours a day!!! (And we're no spring chickens!) Just over the road is an Asian-style food hall called Kopitiam (coffee time -- get it?), which sells fresh, tasty, filling and authentic meals -- from Vietnamese to Thai to Chinese to Indian and even Italian! -- for an average of about $4.00 Sing. a meal. The banana split is a favourite -- 3 scoops ice-cream, a banana, whipped cream, nuts, cherries and syrup -- for Sing. $3.80! A large bottle of beer (Heineken) is just $5.60 Sing.FACILITIESMeals -- breakfast included on our trip was quite outstanding. Buffet-style, it included scrambled eggs, chicken chipolatas, waffles/pancakes/French toast, one daily special (chili con carne, baked beans, beef hash), bacon; then a fresh section where the chefs cooked eggs to your request (omelettes, fried etc.); Indonesian noodles or rice; Singapore noodles; fresh fruit; juices; iced milk; cold meats and cheeses; salad; tomatoes; sweet pastries of all types; miso soup; congee; toast; tea and coffee. Not bad, huh.There's a pool and spa outdoors; a gym with good (underused) exercise facilities; a sauna; and a pool seating area with room service.Power adaptors in your room let you plug in most voltage-compatible appliances (like our mobile phones).The bar is staffed by a lovely young lady (when we were there) and drinks are two-for-one during happy hour (which is about 11.30 am to 8.00 pm). They're still expensive though -- but that's endemic to Singapore! (Our friends paid $108 for a bottle of WA wine in a restaurant that we can buy here -- in Perth -- for AUD$12.95 on special at Liquorland!)THE ROOMClean, clean, clean. It looked nice, felt nice and smelled nice! We were on the third floor (Storey three according to the talking lift :-)), a non-smoking floor. Our room overlooked Bencoolen Street. It isn't flash, or the most modern, but it is comfortable. EXCEPT that the bed was hard -- and I mean hard. However, after two nights our bodies adjusted and we slept the sleep of the righteous after that! The bathroom was clean, the water hot and plentiful and, as usual, the bar ridge ridiculously small :-) Just throw out their stuff and stock it with your own. The TV is quite small, but in keeping with the room (which is not huge by any standards) and the cable TV stations available for free are reasonable rather than lavish. If you like sport, you're well catered for!SERVICEThis was the pub's highlight. The people are genuinely lovely, especially the cleaning staff. They are also very efficient. We would go down to breakfast, then go back up to find our room totally serviced, cleaned, bed turned down, deodorised and ready to go. Wonderful stuff. Curiously, though, keep an eye on your toilet tissue. It must be expensive because it isn't renewed until both rolls (there are two) are almost gone. However, they always made it in time :-)RANDOM TIPSThe coffee shop in the atrium/courtyard is expensive. You can do MUCH better than $6.00 a cup of coffee!The money changer in the same location will negotiate on price, depending on how much you want to change. Don't take the exchange board at face value!The 7/11 over the road in Bencoolen Street is very convenient -- but hideously expensive! Ask for directions to a Cold Storage or Carrefours store; there are two within 10 minutes' walking time from the hotel. Munchies, drinks etc. are much cheaper.Taxis are cheap and very well airconditioned. Strongly recommended.Well, that's about it.Would I go back to the Rendezvous? You bet -- in a heartbeat.(BTW, the taxi drivers don't say it in the French way Ron-day-voo; they say it the way it looks! Ren-dez-voos won't get you any blank looks! :-)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>ScottFive
<Content>Nice Hotel. Just recently stayed 4 nights at the Rendezvous - good area and location (central to all the places visitors usually go). Modern and clean. Staff were friendly. When I requested a bigger bed (instead of a single bed) they put me into a room with a king-size. Enjoyed my stay, except when checking out - I got slugged with a charge of $20 (Sing) for four large bottles of mineral water that I thought were 'complimentary' as they were sitting on the table!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>backtoback
<Content>Lovely place! When we checked in, we did have a few problems as we had been told we were going to receive a free room upgrade (through our travel agent who booked this hotel at the end of our honeymoon). There was no note if this on our booking, so the reception were adamant we were only to get an economy room, and tried to palm us off with twin beds even though we had definitely booked a double!After negotiation between the reception and a tour operator, we did receive our upgrade; well half of it. We just had to spend one night in the budget room before checking in to the deluxe room the next day.To be honest, there is very little difference between the two rooms, aside from a bigger bed and a better shower.However, the hotel has a perfect location, the facilities were good (aside from the dollar a minute internet!) and we enjoyed the rest of our stay. We were surprised to find we had no breakfast included either though.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Crowny
<Content>A Great Hotel       Outside Shot  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Deanl05
<Content>Great central location Great central location - 1 block from Orchard Road - a shopping mecca. Smallish rooms, but very clean, prompt housekeeking. Buffet breakfast was OK. Concierge quite helpful. Distances  maps were deceiving - only a 2 block walk to Little India vs the convoluted MRT subway route we took!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ALiEN2108
<Content>Loved it! Me and my gf stayed at the hotel for quite some days between July in August. Since we picked Singapore for HQ on our Asia trip we wanted to stay with a good relaxing hotel and this was the case!Hotel is on great location since it is directly at the start of Orchard road (main shopping street), MRT (underground) is located just 2-3 minutes away. Not to mention great hawker center (cheap places to eat) just over the street!We stayed in the executive room's since price is just a little more and you get free coctail/cafe/juice... every day. Also free 1 hrs internet. And rooms are on high floor so you get the great view too :)Rooms are very clean, nice and stylish.Another good thing is that it is no problem to leave luggage at the hotel (they also have free safe boxes for valuables) if you are doing some additional trips around the area which I highly recommend (damn cheap flights)! So you don't pay for the room in between and you still can travel around with biiig suitcases which you just leave in hotel when you are scouting around temples in Cambodia with only backpack.What bothered me is just the fact that inroom internet (ethernet) was not free (it was 24 SGD = 12 EUR/day). But you get 2 pcs of laundry for free with executive rooms and that can be quite welcome if you are traveling around a lot as we did.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Simpledays
<Content>Excellent in Singapore I booked my room using the hotel website and was able to get a great rate. The concierge was wonderful and very helpful. Our room was spacious and kept tidy by the wonderful maid staff. The hotels close location to shopping and the MRT station was convienent. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who enjoys a great rate and above average accomadations.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PinoyDutch
<Content>Only average Based on the reviews on this and other sites we decided to book a 3-night stay in a deluxe room in the Rendezvous. We are somewhat mystified by the glowing reviews this hotel continues to receive as we found it only average. The room was clean but very plain (which made us wonder what the standard rooms look like), the bathroom again clean but small (and the toilet seat cover refused to stay up, very annoying...) . The bed was ok. Breakfast was not included in the rate but we decided to take it anyway the first morning. We need not have bothered. Even at the discount rate on offer it was overpriced given the quality of what was on offer. All in all, not good value for money.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LizzieR007
<Content>Great hotel - especially for the price The hotel was lovely and the room a good size. Good location for public transport, and easy walk to places like Raffles.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay This is a great hotel, in a really good location. the service is great and the staff are so helpful they will do anything they can to make your stay excellent. We were there for 3 nights and explored Singapore as much as we had hoped in this time. There is nothing that we felt we missed out so would reccommed a short stay. Don't miss the breakfast at this hotel because it was one of our best in our travel around the world. You are really close to resturants and the famous Raffles so make sure you go there for a few Singapore slings, really lovely.Try and go for a trip to Sentosa, its an island off Singapore and it was so lovely. You can see dolphins and loads of amazing animals. Its also just great to walk around all the amazing shopping centres which are out of this world.We are going back to Sydney in march and are defently going to stay in Singapore on the way and way back and will be going to the Carlton again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I enjoyed my stay I stayed at this hotel from 27 December 2005 through 8 Jan 2006 and I truly enjoyed it. The hotel is located within walking distance to the train station, malls as well as Chimes entertainment area. The resturant served excellent food!!!! The price was within my budget and when ever I return to Singapore I will be staying at the Hotel Rendezvous...  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xscream100
<Content>Excellent Location and Very Good Value   showReview(5205629, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JKWD
<Content>Excellent Location   showReview(5041504, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CubbieBear
<Content>Good value   showReview(5036654, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel!!!   showReview(5031682, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Joycey
<Content>A CUT ABOVE       The view from the courtyard exit  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KCkles
<Content>Good stay   showReview(4460217, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tash
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4360674, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value   showReview(3486950, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AnthUk
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(3375962, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value   showReview(2454392, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐鐒°亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇忋兓銉汇€?#x201d;   showReview(19170745, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇Κ鍒囥仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19164738, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thailandfan2007
<Content>Soweit ok, kleine Zimmer   showReview(8232628, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	2	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兂銉┿兂銈笂銇儞銈搞儘銈广儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19158776, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PianolaPal
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in g眉nstiger Lage, ideal f眉r Sightseeing       Aussenansicht  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屼究鍒┿仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19930126, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儐銈ｃ儧銉笺儷銇亗銈嬫柦...   showReview(19926337, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣旇純鐨勬柊銇椼亜銉涖儐銉仹...   showReview(19924975, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3鏃ャ伝銇┿伄婊炲湪銇с仐銇?..   showReview(19924370, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>8鏈堛伀缍氥亜銇?搴︾洰銇?..   showReview(19922631, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍑哄嫉銇?閫遍枔銇汇仼鍒╃敤...   showReview(19922324, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚嶅墠銇犮亼鑱炪亸銇ㄣ€併€屾櫘...   showReview(19919756, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

