<Author>handelfan
<Content>Vieux Paris - great location Vieux Paris is a small but comfortable hotel on the left bank. When I travel, I enjoy visiting museums and historic sites, and I always try to attend local music performances. Notre Dame Cathedral is only 3 blocks away. The Louvre, Orsay, and Beaubourg are only a few metro stops away (and the St. Michel metro station is one block from the hotel). Three churches that have regular evening chamber music concerts are a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel.It is possible to find cheaper accommodations outside of central Paris, but staying in the middle of the left bank is so convenient.On this trip, the hotel staff helped me choose restaurants for two informal dinners with business associates. Their choices were perfect -- I would take my friends to either restaurant.Service at the hotel was flawless: friendly and efficient.I will definitely come back, and I will bring my friends.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>RTL63
<Content>Perfect Paris Hotel I am a 45 year old professional who recently went to Paris for the first time. I was in Paris for only one night, before heading to Provence, so I wanted a place that was well located. I am also a frequent business and pleasure traveler so have reasonably high expectations. This hotel is absolutely beautiful, charming and clean. The staff was accommodating and helpful and the location, for getting around, seeing the sites and experiencing the cafe culture of Paris, was absolutely perfect. The hotel sits on a quiet street, a half block off the Seine, across the river from and between Notre Dame and the Louvre. From the hotel I walked to those landmarks, up the Champs- Elysees, to the Eiffel Tower and everywhere in between ( I am pretty fit and the walks were long but more than pleasant). I walked to dinner, bars and cafes. It is also very well-located near the St Michelle station for the RER (about a block) if you do as I did and take that in from CDG for about 8.50 euros. I didn't get in a taxi until I had to get my luggage to Gare Lyon for the trip South. This is a wonderful hotel and I will stay there again next time I am in Paris.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FEMNewYorkCity
<Content>A home away from home I have been staying at this hotel since my first trip to Paris in 1981 -- prior to its renovation/restoration. This is a lovely place with --always-- the warmest staff. Great location -- quite street in a lively central area. Walk to the corner for a beautiful view of Notre Dame. Sit in the litle park a few blocks away by ST. Julien le Pauvre. Mme Odillard -- and now her daughter-in-law -- run the place efficiently. It is spotless and charming (though a bit pricey) I have stayed at a few other places in Paris -- also nice --but the welcome here is like you would expect from an old friend.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelalotAtlanta
<Content>Great Authentic Paris Hotel This was my first trip to Paris, and I read the reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor and other websites. I was not disappointed. The staff treat you like old friends that have come home, warm and welcoming and happy to help in any way that they can. The hotel itself is in a great location, on a quiet side street about 50 yards from the Seine, local cafes, bars and restaurants are close by - but the hotel itself is so quiet you do not hear anything, even other guests. A short walk (5 minutes or less) to the Metro, Notre Dame, Saint Michel and the Louvre makes it easy to get around.Perfect place to enjoy Paris with a great staff. It is a little pricey - but it's Paris and a great experience. I am looking forward to my next trip already.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bedfordbaps
<Content>Lovely experience This was a christmas present to me from my partner as I had never been to Paris. The flight was great and the transfer a little hairy as they drivers are mad! We got the metro back to the airport as we found this really easy after being in France for a few days.The Hotel was very welcoming although we found the tiny lift a but scary but soon became used to it. I think all the carpets were new as you could smell that as soon as you entered you room. We were on the top floor overlooking the rooftops in the big bathroom. The room itself was small and it had a mezzanine floor which we did not use.I would have liked tea/coffee making facilities but that said, you stepped out the door of the hotel and you were 2 minutes walk from the cafes and a starbucks if that is your thing. We had breakfast on the last morning, massive cups of coffee and fresh pressed juice.Very nice but it was good to have a walk first and then enjoy breakfast in french style in the cafes. This Hotel is in a superb location and some friends joined us on the Friday and also loved it. They are booking to go back as will we one day. It is not cheap but worth it for the location and as a specila treat.Very nice people in the Hotel and helpful and cheerful.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bsquid
<Content>Great Experienc and Location If you are looking for a great location on the Left Bank, superb rooms and extremely friendly staff, this is the place. We were in room #37, which we didn't request, but from what we understand is quite special, with its small seperate seating area, massive exposed beams and king bed. This was the first time staying in Paris we didn't mind just sitting in the room enjoying a bottle of wine. There are a few pubs, cafes and resturants on the same street that are so close, it is like they are in the lobby. Highly recommend this place, dollar for dollar much more value then some of the other top end boutique hotels in the area.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Stockmavn
<Content>Pleasant year after year! Great location, pleasant staff, clean, comfortable, affordable, unostentatious rooms at a fair price. What more could you ask for in Paris? I stay here year after year, and never regret it. A true European style hotel. Marvelous!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>reynardMass.
<Content>Home away from home There is no place I would rather stay in Paris then here.Year after year, they never disappoint. The rooms are comfortable, nicely furnished, well maintained, have every amenity, with a thoughtful selection in the minibar, the toiletries, etc. I loved the nice deep tub in my bathroom. Breakfasts are great -they are one of the first things I eagerly look forward to from the first day-especially the cafe-au-laits, brioches, croissants, baguettes, etc. The staff are very attentive and ready with a warm welcome. It really has become a home away from home to come back to every year.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JamieLane
<Content>Very French and Very Lovely A little gem tucked away on a quiet street -- right off Saint Germain.We reserved a suite, as we had our seven year old with us, and it was perfect!! The small couch in the sitting room pulled out into a little bed. This also gave us a little more room space -- not easy to find in Paris.Our suite was beautifully decorated (45). And, I did get to peek in some of the other rooms on that 4th floor . They were all beautiful.Great location, walk to everything, beautiful rooms, exceptional if you're traveling with a small child. The perfect Paris experience --- a small hotel (20 rooms) and very French. (The staff does, however, speak English well)I would recommend this hotel to all my friends and family. Also, ask for a room on a high floor. You'll get a much better view of the Paris rooftops.I selected this hotel based on reviews from this website and was incredibly pleased. I thank my fellow travelers who posted their thoughts on the Relais du Vieux Paris. Our trip was magical!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Fireweed
<Content>I loved it! I just returned from my first trip to Paris in May of 2007. Prior to booking a hotel, I read through the numerous hotel reviews on TripAdvisor. I decided on the Relais Vieux and was not disappointed. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and try to stay at the nicest ones possible. In general, Paris is very expensive, but the Relais Vieux didn't disappoint. I loved the location, right across the river from Notre Dame and the Louvre. Although located in the Latin secion that can be noisy, the Relais was on a side street so it was quiet. My room was great, still had the old beams in it from the 1400's. I had a lovely view looking out across various rooftops and it was very comfortable and spacious. The in room wireless internet was intermittent but they had a computer downstairs that could be used at any time. The staff was helpful and friendly and I just loved the entire experience. It was located right by St. Michael square where there are tons of restaurants and the Metro station is practically across the street. You can have breakfast there or go out to any nearby cafes. I really don't have anything bad to say about the hoel or my experience there. I would highly recommend it for the traveler(s) who prefer and luxury hotel but don't want to break the bank.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rkodwyer
<Content>Not a four star hotel We were transferred to this hotel after the apartment we had booked was flooded. Despite its four star rating, the hotel was very disappointing. Our room was tiny - barely large enough to fit a standard double bed - no more than 150 sq feet. With two of us in the room all you could do was sit on the bed. The television was tiny. The bathroom was also disappointing. The shower over the bath had a shower curtain in very poor condition, rather than the glass screen I'd expect of a four star hotel. The hairdryer, which is a key advertising point of the room on the company's website, was an absolute joke. It was impossible to dry your hair with. Service was adequate, although they would not bring an iron and ironing board to our room - we had to go downstairs to reception to press clothes. The only thing going for this hotel is its location, which is excellent. However for the money, the apartment we transferred back to after one night at Vieux Paris was infinitely better value and far, far more comfortable.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Loverofluxury
<Content>Peace and quiet in the heart of Paris An excellent hotel in an excellent location. We requested a quiet room and that's just what we got. Peace and quiet in the heart of St Michael.Our room was charming with exposed beams even in the bathroom. We didn't bother with breakfast as there are so many places nearby.This hotel is on the same street as the Villa D'estrees which we considered,but it is right next door to a lively bar as reviews have described.The lift is not for claustraphobics!!We have been to Paris on many occasions and would definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>VandenAvond
<Content>Wonderful, First class hotel This hotel can't be beat. My husband and I stayed here the first week in October and we will never stay anywhere else. The location is amazing. The personalized service superb. Daniel was exremely helpful. We had a suite on the 5th floor and it was very large and beautiful. We had a loft in our room and we actually used it a lot. We would have our breakfast there every morning. The breakfast was great. Wonderful crescents, bread and cheeses. Freshly squeezed orange juice and coffe, tea or hot chocolate. The bathroom had a nice jacuzzi. The neighborhhod was great. Great restaurants and shopping. Just steps away from major attractions.We can't wait for our next stay. We will never stay anywhere else. If you need any additional information, feel free to email me at vandenavond1@comcast.net.Cary  Angie  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1Wanderer2Another
<Content>Three Star Hotel The location of this hotel is excellent. Easily within walking distance of anything you'd like to do on the left bank. It's also very close to the metro and several ATMs.We switched rooms three times. The first room (deluxe) was very nice, but was on the first floor street level, and we found it far too noisy. The first floor suite was also very nice, but there was a leak from the room above making the carpet wet and the room smell moldy. There was also mold in the bathroom around the jacuzzi tub. The third room (regular), on the second floor, was perfect. Although it was exceptionally small, it was quiet and had a very comfortable bed. The concierge service was not what I expected from the reviews I read and the great communication we had prior to our trip. The highlight was the wonderful driver the hotel had waiting for us at the airport, and the conversations with him to keep him there when we were delayed by our luggage. I was dismayed that the champagne, chocolates, and flowers that I ordered were not in our room when we arrived. Also, maybe it was our poor French, but they could not help us book a trip to Reims. The information the hotel gave my husband was not helpful, they did not book the trip, and the tourism office the conceirge sent my husband to did not book trips to Reims. Also, they may not be able to get you a taxi from one point in Paris to another - getting a taxi to the airport is apparently easier.Also concerning the rooms, I was dismayed that when I requested two additional pillows (they give you 3 for a queen bed) only one was available.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home on the Seine A half block from the Seine, a block from Place St Michel and part of the Latin Quarter, this was a charming place presided over by a lovely and caring proprietress. Of historic interest, in a former life this was the Beat Hotel, the Paris address for the likes of Kerouac, Ginsberg and William Burroughs.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rrichcg
<Content>Home away from Home We just stayed a week at this charming hotel. Previous reviewers have commented on the room size, but that wasn't really a factor to us. We upgraded to the executive room with the sitting area and it felt like we had our own garret (although tiny) in the middle of Paris. We have stayed at other hotels in the Latin Quarter and all are small. We especially like the hospitality of the owner, who provided us with good tips on current exhibitions, advance tickets to many musuems, and general welcoming attitude. The location is terrific, near the RER and Metro and one block from the Seine and Place St. Michel. Will stop looking for new places in Paris, we've found our home away from home.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant if you get the right room       Suite living room  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NJ_Red
<Content>A fantastic family owned  We stayed at Relais-Hotel du Vieux Paris for a week in October 2005. This family owned and operated hotel occupies a building that was originally built in the late 1400's and there are original beams that remain exposed (around who can imagine how many remodels over the years) in the guest rooms. We stayed in Room 37, an Executive Room by the hotel's rating classification. The room, which consisted of a bedroom, a small sitting room and a bathroom (with shower and tub), was cozy but not small enough to cause the kind of claustrophobic reactions noted in some previous reviews. How much time does one spend in their room when in Paris anyway? The bed was exceedingly comfortable, the room was very clean  quiet, the bathroom had plenty of hot water and the shower had excellent water pressure. Unless I'm planning to entertain in my room, those are the criteria by which we judge hotel rooms. The service provided by the staff was excellent - the kind of service you hope to get from a family owned hotel (and rarely if ever do you get such service from chain hotels staffed solely by employees); delightful people who were exceptionally helpful  responsive (eg. offered tips re sightseeing and shoppping, offered group tickets that allowed us to avoid waiting lines, made restaurant reservations for each night of our stay  several great recommendations too, fixed burned out bulbs right away). An important note for people (like us) who do not speak French, the staff spoke fluent English. Last, but certainly not least, the hotel is very centrally located (eg. 2 blocks to the St. Michel Metro/RER station and a 5-10 minute walk from several neighborhoods, many sightseeing attractions and dozens of cafes, bistros, brasseries and fine restaurants). Stop searching - we'd stay here again in a heartbeat and we'd recommend you stay here too.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming, but cramped This hotel's main attaction is its location. Louvre and Notre Dame are literally a 5 minute walk away. Inside, the building is tastefully furnished, and some thought clearly went into the decoration, which is stylish and consistent (and undoubtedly very different from the d茅cor it offered when Ginsberg, Burroughs and the likes stayed here in the sixties). The exposed beams in the rooms betray the building's age and are a charming touch. However, the twin, 'Deluxe' room in which we stayed was excessively small. 2,5 x 2,5 metres at the most. There was barely room to move around the beds, and these themselves seemed primarily chosen because they fit inside the room rather than for any sleeping comfort they might offer. If you are over, say, 1m75, don't expect comfortable nights! The shower was also small, but redeemed by a spectacular showerhead featuring lateral beams. The complimentary bathrobes were another nice touch, though rather superfluous in a place where your only option is to hop straight into bed. The elevator was similarly tiny: put in your two middle sized suitcases and you will have to take the stairs yourself. If you can contend with a less central location, an anonymously bland hotel like the Meridien Montparnasse will offer you a room four times this size, plus a spectacular buffet breakfast, (and, if you're lucky, a spectacular view) at the same price. For spacious four star lodgings in downtown Paris, you will however need to spend yet more than the prices charged by this not exactly cheap establishment.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarkoP
<Content>Not bad but overpriced I suspect we may have had the same room as the previous review, with which I concur - we had room 57, a suite that consisted of a very small bedroom with a completely useless and windowless loft built above it. I can't imagine the regular bedrooms are much smaller in terms of useable space, and are probably a better deal (though there may be other, larger suites - ask).That said, it's an OK hotel - clean, decent and relatively large bed, good service, excellent location on a quiet street close to lots of attractions. The breakfast (served in room at no extra charge) was minimal but decent quality, with good coffee. Towels were very fluffy, water pressure fine.I have no idea what makes this a four star hotel. It seems indistinguishable from any number of small, two and three star hotels throughout Paris - not all of which operate to the same high standard as the Vieux Paris to be sure, but most of which are much less costly - at least for the suite.Would I go back? Certainly not the same room - otherwise, only if price were around 150-170 euros.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LtnCOTravelers
<Content>Cute hotel, but expensive for what you get I researched this hotel before our recent stay in Paris. I read the reviews and I saw many positive comments about the hotel. I don't agree with the rave reviews.On the plus side:* Great location. Very close to a major Metro stop, the river, dining, access to the city. * Clean. No complaints about the cleanliness of the hotel.* Bathroom. Private bath and adequate size.On the down side:Very expensive for what we received. We paid 320 euro a night for a room with a loft. For that amount of money (and based on the reviews I read), I would have expected:* An evening reception with wine and cheese* Continental breakfast included. I was told our rate did not include breakfast when I enquired. I felt 'nickled and dimed'.* A much more helpful staff. The staff was cordial and we were greeted as we arrived in the hotel. But they did not go out of their way as I would have expected in this price of a room. I receive a more cordial greeting from the doorman at the Marriott.* More elaborate decorations in the room. The room was modestly decorated and had matching floor, bed, and wall coverings (paint, paper). I would have expected pictures on the wall and decorations on the tables.I travel extensively and I travel to Europe frequently. I normally stay at the Marriott chain, but for this trip wanted to try something different. For more money than I would have spent at the Marriott, I received much less service.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>UCLaw98
<Content>Great Location - Charming Hotel My boyfriend and I recently spent a long-weekend in Paris before travelling to Brussels for me to work and him to continue vacationing. The Relais was a perfectly romantic hotel right in the heart of Paris!The room was very traditional (matching floral wallpaper and bedding), the bathroom was updated. Both were extremely small, but this seems common in Paris and it was not really an issue.Similarly, the hotel elevator is teensy-tiny, but again, to be expected!The ceiling beams in our room were the original beams, built in the 1400s! We enjoyed thinking about the fact that they were there before Columbus even made it to America!The breakfast (included with our rate) was simple, but very nice (freshly squeezed orange juice!! they squeeze the oranges right on the spot!) and they were kind enough to bring it to our room upon request. The staff were very helpful with making reservations and/or answering questions.The rooms and the hotel in general were very clean.The location was terrific, easy walk to the Metro station, easy walk to many of the wonderful sites of Paris.We enjoyed our stay, and I would likely stay there again, but I would say that I thought it was a bit overpriced.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boutique Relais My husband and I have recently returned from Paris where we stayed several nights in the utterly charming Relais-Hotel du Vieux Paris, 9, rue Git-le-Coeur. The position could not have been more central for sights such as Notre Dame, the Orsay Museum and the Louvre - all of which are in walking distance. The staff were extremely helpful and made us feel most welcome. Another advantage was the closeness to so many restaurants - both modestly priced and more upmarket if one wanted to indulge oneself.My husband and I travel a lot in Eurooe and are always on the look-out for small boutique type hotels with character and comfort. The Relais-Hotel du Vieux Paris exceeded our expectations. It was a delightful stay.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elbarbado
<Content>Delightful! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Vieux Paris September 28 to 30, 2004. A wonderful property in an historic 15th century building and a very accomodating and friendly staff.Location is great; half a block from the Seine, midway between the Louvre and Notre Dame.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, helpful staff My husband and I stayed here in Oct for our 2nd Honeymoon. The position was great, the staff were wonderful and helpful. Although small for a suite, Paris accom is renowned for petite space, so no complaints, we'll stay again next time.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DemonSailor
<Content>Efficienza, cortesia e posizione eccellente   showReview(21692821, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lorix567
<Content>piccolo hotel nel cuore di Parigi e nel mio !   showReview(19850213, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

