<Author>everlastingwhy
<Content>Just lovely. A friend recommended this hotel when we were looking for a place to stay for a wedding. We got a wonderful rate on the room, and then they upgraded us to a larger room for free. The staff was great; they actually ran out and found contact lens solution for me one evening.  A particularly cool touch was the daily free wine hour in the lobby- and because we had other friends staying there for the same wedding, it gave us a great place to meet and chat. All around, it was just an excellent experience.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Cazywaz
<Content>Quiet city centre hotel Room: We had a fairly large room with a large bed, Plasma TV etc. We were in a disabled room whhich did not have an efficicent layout (ie the desk was by the side of the bed so kept walking into the chair). No view outside but the room was quiet.Bathroom: Good size and cleanStaff were friendly and helpful.I would stay here again if in Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mntneerjay
<Content>Great location, nice rooms.       Cozy bed  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Fango
<Content>Great Boutique hotel This is a wonderful boutique hotel with a perfect location for exploreing Seattle. I love the Kimpton Group hotels and this little gem is no exception. There is no fancy lobby, but each night there is complementary wine tasting in the small lobby they have. My room was richly decorated and very comfortable with a very large bathroom. I've read some reviews that said the bathrooms were small, but that wasn't the case for me; however, my bathroom was one that accomodated handicapped travelers so maybe that's why it was a bit bigger.The restaurant that is in the hotel is outstanding. I had one of their pasta dishes and was licking the bowl it came in to savour every drop of that delicious sauce.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vlfrance
<Content>I always try to book Kimpton Hotels I've enjoyed staying at Kimpton hotels over the years because of their boutique feel and welcoming atmosphere. I also appreciate the wine hours and the coffee in the lobby in the morning. I often eat in the attached restaurants which the chain makes an effort to create a destination restaurant. The Hotel Vintage Park did not disappoint.The location is good and the front desk staff are very helpful. The room was comfortable and I appreciate the ability to get different pillows easily. Having a bathrobe in the room is wonderful, especially for women traveling for business and trying to keep baggage light. Housekeeping did a good job and the room was clean and fully stocked with amenities. The Il Tulio Restaurant was also good for dinner.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ADifferentStation
<Content>Safe and friendly Stayed at the Vintage Park for 3 nights in November 08. Good staff and service and in a good location for downtown Seattle. We were a bit worried by the initial impact of the bright and garish hallways, but the room was perfectly adequate, well decorated, clean and had a very nice bathroom. Not a massive room, but by no means the smallest we鈥檝e seen. The bed was comfortable with a range of pillows to choose from. Only in-room complaint was the very noisy refrigerator/mini-bar. Wine tasting every evening if you fancy a glass on the way in, or way out, is a nice idea but it did get busy the days we were there. Overall this is a pleasant and safe hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TacomaGuys
<Content>HVP is a winner We stayed Friday and Saturday nights at the Hotel Vintage Park in Downtown Seattle. First off: always check the Kimpton Hotels website for web-only deals and packages, many don't require pre-pay and have just a 24 hour cancellation. We did this and booked a king suite for $163 per night.Valet parking was a snap, if a bit pricey at $30 per night. At least when we stayed, our car stayed in a secure in-hotel garage, and when we needed to retrieve it to head out for dinner on Saturday night and then upon check-out, they had our car ready within 5 minutes.Check-in was quick. The front desk was courteous and did not let on that my partner had a birthday surprise (champagne and chocolate truffles) waiting in the room. We arrived just in time for the complimentary wine tasting in the lobby.The room was large, clean, and quiet. Everything was in order as we always expect, and the champagne that a friend had ordered was chilling. We left for a show and late dinner, not arriving back at the hotel until midnight. All was quiet, even overlooking Spring Street which connects into I-5. Even the Saturday morning traffic did not disturb.The HVP is within easy walking distance of all that Downtown Seattle has to offer, with 5th Ave being one of the most moderate hills in hilly Downtown. We will definitely return and definitely recommend this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjondo
<Content>Location and Comfort       view from 9th floor room  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RSB_8
<Content>Good hotel and central location We usually stay at a Kimpton hotel because of their nightly wine tastings and unique/consistent decorThe hotel staff was not very knowledgeable about local restaurants and we flagged down a cab quicker than they called one for usWe had a corner room that was pretty noisy from street traffic and the housekeeping closetMinor details that made our stay less enjoyable  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>SonoranAZ
<Content>Very Enjoyable The Vintage Park is a boutique hotel. They emphasize some aspects of the experience and entirely ignore others. There is no gym or vending machines. On the other hand, there is excellent and friendly service. There is creative and tasteful use of fabrics and colors in the rooms making them feel far warmer than the usual corporate designed, big chain, big name hotels. While the hotel overall is relatively small, our standard room was quite spacious. The HDTV and the plush robes were a nice touch. Also, the wine tastings each evening were very well conducted with a knowledgeable host and good wines. We've had other tastings in hotels that were nowhere near as professional. The only negative aspect of our stay was that the bed was soft. Another negative, though not the hotel's fault, is that even at the ninth floor, traffic noise such as firetrucks and ambulances was clearly discernable. The attached Italian restaurant, Tulios, was excellent. I highly recommend it. Not cheap but worth every dime.If you don't mind walking a bit, the location is very good and safe. It is centrally located about a 10 to 15 minute walk to the Pike's Public Market and a short walk to the Seattle Art Museum. The free downtown public buses are nearby and can save you a lot of walking if you're not in shape to handle the urban hills of Seattle. I would definitely feel comfortable returning to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sparkyandlou
<Content>Wonderful Experience We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights prior to a cruise to Alaska. For one, wish we could have stayed longer in Seattle. Hotel was wonderful - welcoming, warm, clean (!!!), friendly professional staff. This is our first experience with a Kimpton - definitely will be on our list for our next travels if it is as good as the Vintage Park. Not that I really cared, but noticed that the ice machine was not working properly, a guest called the front desk and within 20 minutes someone was repairing the machine. If we return to Seattle, it will be the Vintage Park for us.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gachnar
<Content>Great Location and Experience We got a great rate on the Vintage Park through a travel website and booked it based on other reviews here. The first room we were given faced a brick wall with an air conditioning unit directly below us, but we called the front desk and were moved to a larger room on a higher floor. It didn't really have a view, but that was fine with us. It let in plenty of light and was very comfortable. If you want a view go eat at Pike's Market or visit the Space Needle, both within easy walking distance of the hotel. The bed was also comfortable and everything was in good working order. We didn't dine at the restaurant, but we did visit the wine tasting. Both nights we were there the wines were not the best examples of what the Northwest has to offer (Hint: look for Pinot Noir from the Willamette Valley or Cabernet from Eastern Washington) and one night the wine seward had actually chilled the red wines instead of the white, but still, it's a free glass of wine before you go out for dinner.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelman1370
<Content>Great location, great hotel but... I chose this hotel for one reason: the location. It is very centrally located and so much of the city is a reasonable walk away. And anything that's not within walking distance is just a short car or cab ride away.Great things about the hotel: location, location, location. I also enjoyed the afternoon wine tasting. My room was tastefully furnished. The staff were all pleasant. I had requested an upper floor room and was given one, which I really liked; less noise from the street and a bit of a view. The bed was comfortable.Things that were less than great:The hotel lobby is tiny. If you're looking for a place with an impressive lobby, this isn't it.The wine tasting: I really enjoyed this but if you're looking for someone to be there to give you in-depth information about the wines, it's hit or miss. One day there was someone from the vineyard who really enjoyed talking about his wines. The next two days it was a hotel staff member who had very little information about the wines she was pouring. To her credit, whenever someone asked a question she didn't know, she'd go find the answer, frequently printing out information for us. A little bit of food is served with the wine (pizza) but if there's a crowd there for the wine tasting you probably won't get any.Parking: the hotel parking is expensive (see some of the other reviews).Bathroom: functional but small.Pet Peeve: where the heck am I supposed to put my clothes when I unpack? In the room I stayed in there were two small (and I do mean small) drawers available for folded clothes. This was in the same cabinet as the mini fridge. Since there were two of us in the room this wasn't nearly enough room (actually, it wouldn't even have been enough for one of us). So, the next thought is to put as much in the closet as possible. Except the closet is smallish and the hotel has a number of things hanging in it that are for sale! Their for sale items probably take up about 30% of the small closet. I appreciate them trying to earn an extra buck but this was just ridiculous. I appreciate that downtown hotels are tight on space but there should be somewhere to unpack. I ended up living out of my suitcase, something I didn't appreciate.The restaurant: we did eat breakfast in the restaurant and one dinner. Breakfast was nothing special, either bad or good. Service was bad one day and great the next. Dinner: the food was mediocre, there are many better places nearby. When my pasta arrived at the table I suspected that it had been kept warm for some time. Sure enough, when I put my fork in it I was able to lift almost the entire contents by just lifting up my fork.Bottom line: In spite of the lack of storage I like the hotel a lot and am glad I stayed there. However, I wouldn't stay there again unless I happened to get a great deal on the rate, there are too many other great hotels in Seattle to try that are equal in price or less expensive.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hundredflowers
<Content>Agree that hotel is great if you get a deal Overview:I agree with other reviews--I'm not sure if I'd return and pay the full rate for this hotel but for the deal I got I thought it was good. Pros:The hotel is in a good location and is stylishly appointed. The restaurant in the hotel was great and service there was exceptional. The front desk staff were helpful and friendly.The best part of the room was the bed which was super comfy with a white down comforter that was spotless and soft. The room was very clean. The room was decorated in a fun and tasteful way and I liked the big tv. The bathroom was also very clean with modern fixtures and plenty of counter space for your toiletries. All of the provided soaps and shampoos are Aveda, which added a luxurious touch. Cons:I have to say our first impression of the hotel was very bad. The hotel is on a one way street and the entrance to the parking is easy to miss. When we turned in to the driveway, the first thing that we saw was a sign announcing that the fee was $30 for an overnight stay. There isn't really a good way to turn around or back out to go and see if there are other options nearby that might be cheaper. I tried to ask the valet about the $30 fee and told him we were checking in. Without even being asked, our doors were whisked open and our luggage was loaded on to a cart that disappeared into the lobby before I even got my claim ticket for my keys. The valet actually pushed my boyfriend a little bit to get by. We arrived during the complimentary wine tasting in the lobby. Since the lobby is very small, it made checking in sort of stressful and confusing because it was very loud. We were already put off about the parking and then we walk into a startlingly loud lobby full of people holding wine glasses right next to the front desk. Also, no one pointed out to us that there was a complimentary wine tasting going on. I assumed it was a private gathering. I read about it later in our room. The valet that took our luggage out of the car didn't wait for us and went ahead to our room to drop off our bags. By the time we got our room keys and headed up to our floor, the valet had already been to our room and was waiting by the elevator to head downstairs. We had a tip for him but decided not to give it to him. We felt very rushed and it left a bad impression. The parking is probably the worst thing about this hotel. The $30 fee is just added on to your bill anyway, so it feels like a hidden fee. There are ins and outs but the cars are kept on separate floors and are transported by an elevator system to the ground floor. It takes time for the valets to pull your car up for you. Other detractors:Our room was very compact and at times it felted cramped in there when both of us were trying to get dressed. There is no pool and the fitness room is a small room with a few machines.PSI found out about this hotel from an LA Times travel article where they linked to a summer rate promotion that Kimpton has going right now on line at http://www.kimptonhotels.com/landing-pages/promo_summersale_2008.aspx#Seattle  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>weddinggirlatlanta
<Content>Wonderful location and a great place to stay! We had a great weekend. The hotel is situated within walking distance to everything...and if you want to ride it is a short cab ride. We enjoyed the evening wine tastings. The rooms were clean and perfect sized. The staff was friendly and ready to serve their guests as needed. A great place to stay!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>magicsmom
<Content>great little place This is a very comfortable and quiet hotel. Enjoyed the room, it is a bit small, but very tastefully done. The wine tasting in the evening was nice, visited with people from Australia, Canada and many states. Never ate at the adjoining restaurant, the concierge helped find a place more suitable for our taste...Because of Hotwire.com, it was very affordable. Our 2 nights in Seattle were great, largely due to having a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jami13
<Content>Nice Place for Wine Lovers--Not Families with Children Our family stayed there for 5 nights and it truly is a nice hotel. It is very clean and the staff is very polite and professional. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel. The only complaint I had wasn't against the hotel, but rather Priceline where we booked the trip. This is definitely not a hotel to bring children to. All of the rooms have a wine name attached to them. Also, they have a wine-tasting hour in the lobby, which we did not participate. There are no children's activities (i.e. pool). This would be perfect for a couple's getaway, or even girlfriend's getaway, just not so much with children.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>TexasTraveller56
<Content>Great hotel with a great location We stayed in Seattlle for 6 nights and loved this hotel. We had a King Premiere room that was very well appointed and quite roomy. The bathrooms are nice but a little on the small side - other than that it was perfect. The bed was quite honestly the most comfortable I have ever slept on. We got the brand and style of matress from them and are buying one for our home - no kidding!The location of this hotel is perfect for seeing all the sights of Seattle. You are a 5-10 minute walk from the piers/waterfront, Pike's Market, the Aquarium, and the monorail to the Seattle Center. Anytime we are visiting Seattle we will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ron_davidson
<Content>Pre and Post Cruise Booked this hotel on Priceline so did not know what to really expect. We were really surprised. The hotel is really classy, the rooms are small but the beds are excellent. The staff was very friendly and eager to be helpful in anyway they could.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Catcollins
<Content>Perfect Place to stay! My sister and I had a sisters trip in Seattle in late May and we booked the Vintage Hotel off of Hotwire for $119 per night. We we very excited it turned out to be the Vintage hotel as we love Kimpton hotels and have also stayed at the Alexis down the street. They are very wonderful boutique hotels with great service, furnishings and full of character. The location was ideal and seemed to be quiet for being in a city. The rooms are on the small side but they are well appointed and are surely relaxing. You get turn down service at request and Aveda spa products in the bathroom. No complaints here-well done!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Qestia
<Content>We love this place This was our second stay at the Vintage Park, the first was six years ago. We loved the hotel then, and we loved it this time too. The hotel and rooms are gorgeous, and the location is perfect--downtown but on a fairly quiet street. The free evening wine tasting is really something special--we were given wines that are not even available in stores yet. And the morning coffee is superb. I can also recommend the hotel restaurant, Tulio--the sweet potato gnocchi were amazing.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsenano
<Content>Beautiful, quaint and conveniently located       two full/queen beds and a sofa bed  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>czbozo
<Content>Would stay again I was upgraded. A nice touch for the hotel to send a welcome email to me prior to my visit. I was greeted by a hand written note and cookies. It was roomy and quiet, you can't hear the traffic outside. I will stay here again. I like this hotel better than the sister hotel - Monaco.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>honestyfromMt
<Content>good hotel if you get a deal Rack rates for this hotel are $250-350. At that price I might have been a little disappointed. But we got our room as part of a package deal for about $100/ night. At that price, it is a great hotel. The rooms are well decorated--quirky but stylish. Our room was a basic king room. It was a little small, but not terrible. We were facing the courtyard (really just a typical urban building air shaft but significantly perked up with a nice mural of a country scene). This kept down traffic noise, but we were surprised by relatively loud noise in the courtyard every morning. They have quality toilettries (Aveda) and offer lots of things for free (hair dryer, robes, toothpaste, fan, other little things you might forget or not be able to pack). The sheets and bed were very comfortable. Towels were average, pretty soft, but not luxurious. It had the usual over-priced mini-bar. They would have done better to provide a bottle of water and neat local snack for free upon arrival, to fit with the quirky we're different and better Kimpton hotel chain brand image. They have a free nightly wine reception in the lobby with a local Washington red and white and thin crust pizzas. This was a nice touch. If you like to socialize with other guests, this is a great opportunity to do so. But if you prefer to hang off to the side with your friends, that was fine too. The concierge runs the wine tasting and is very helpful with ideas on restaraunts and things to do. The service was fine. No compliants. But no amazing kudos either. Check in and out were smooth. The valet service was usually pretty prompt, but they did forget to get our car once and we sat around for a while before we realized they were not getting it (note that valet is about $35/day with taxes, not including gratuity. This may be higher than some other hotels, but it was very convenient). We were a little disappointed that we got no upgrade or special treatment since we were on our honeymoon, but maybe that's all one can expect when they come on a budget package! Housekeeping was certaintly adequate. The place was spotless when we arrived. Daily cleaning was thorough. I would have expected turndown service at a place this nice, but we did not get it. I would also recommend they implement in-room coffee makers. There are coffee shops on virtually every corner in Seattle, and free coffee service (via small paper thimbles in the lobby), but in room coffee makers are so convenient. The location is excellent. You can easily walk to the waterfront/ pike place market area. We walked to the space needle and to restaurants at the south-end of Green Lake without feeling like we had hiked too far. There are many great restaurants and classy bars within a few blocks. Also great shopping within a few blocks. It has super easy access to I-5. I recommend the associated restaraunt (Tulio) for breakfast. We had two interesting Italian themed egg dishes. We had dinner there once too. it was good, but there are loads of good restaurants within walking distance. Overall, a good but not great hotel. If you can get a deal, go for it. Paying rack, there may be better options out there.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>emememSFbayarea
<Content>Impressive decor, comfortable stay       Deluxe room -- view 3  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>lrgiles
<Content>Great service! Earth friendly! Wonderful location! PROS:1. Free wine hour every night 5-6PM in lobby by fireplace. They feature different Washington wineries.2. Free coffee service in morning in lobby, with good coffee.3. If you drive a hybred car like we do, they waive the parking fee as a reward for being green. Nice surprise. Very secure.4. Location is excellent and walking distance of shopping, restaurants, Pike's Market etc.5. Restaurant at hotel (although we didn't eat there).6. Lounge at hotel with friendly waiter.7. Excellent service. They obviously focus on this during training, as everyone was more than helpful and extremely friendly.8. Robes in room for use.9. Turn down service with chocolate, upon request.10. Free internet hookup in rooms if you have a laptop.11. When we were there, they were in the process of replacing all the mattresses in the rooms...will be nice for future guests.12. Concier service helpful.13. We got room on hotwire as 4 star boutique hotel for $110 a night. CONS:1. $30 parking (although free if drive hybred and lot secure; also other parking garages nearby or free street parking after 6PM).2. Have to bring your laptop as they don't have a computer or business center for you to use.We loved this hotel and will stay there again if in Seattle. The best thing about it was the service. Everyone there made us feel welcomed, always greeted us with a smile, and expressed it was their pleasure to help us.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CAR50
<Content>Excellent Hotel We booked this hotel on Priceline. It was an excellent hotel. It was close to downtown where we spent most of our time. The hotel staff was very friendly. The room we were in had one queen bed which was very soft and comfortable. The room was very quiet. We did not hear another noise from the hotel the two nights were stayed. I will stay again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DodiLiJV
<Content>Very Quiet I recently attended a conference in Seattle, and was pleasantly surprised with my hotel selection given it was not in the conference's block of preferred hotels. Hotel Vintage Park was very quiet, in an excellent location, and the room was spectacular. However, I am not sure if it is the area or the individuals, but to me if I am paying $800+ I expect the front desk staff to treat me with respect. Unfortunately, with each contact they seemed very snotty and did not go out of their way at all to be helpful.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>mkata
<Content>like a fine wine We enjoyed a three-night stay at Vintage Park, an old building transformed into vibrant hotel that does not lack for service, amenities and convenience. We arrived just in time for the nightly wine tasting and sampled some wonderful Washington reds and whites along with free pizza from the adjoining restaurant, Tulio's. It's a small hotel and our room was fairly small but everything is clean and comfortable. Vintage Park is located just outside the downtown retail core but walking distance to Pike Place Market along the waterfront and Pioneer Square, the city's old town.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sommervillegirl
<Content>Decent Hotel in a Great Location Booked two rooms on priceline for a 4 star hotel in downtown Seattle for my husband and myself and our friends for two nights. We paid $120/night. We had a corner room and our friends had a room next to the elevator--and they had a much bigger room and bathroom than we did. So, if possible, try not to get a corner room if you can (rooms ending in 14 are corner rooms). The bed was comfy, the room was clean, and they have lovely L'Occitane toiletries and funny animal print velour bathrobes in the closet. Heavy drapes block out all the light that facilitates for a good nights' sleep, but not a good view--although we weren't in the rooms for very long. One thing I found frustrating was the fact that the temperature doesn't go below 64 degrees to say, 60 degrees, and I like my room cold. Oh, well, not a really big loss.The hotel does have a wine hour (we missed it the first night, but they served two Duck Pond wines the second night). They also served some pizza from the restaurant (Tulio's) in the hotel--the restaurant is Zagat rated. It was pretty funny to hear the concierge pouring the wine tell us the wine was from Washinton when we had just driven past the winery the day before in Oregon and given a couple of bottles of the same wine from our friends (oregon wine).The valet ,when we first checked in, was very, very snooty and irritated that we chose not to park with the hotel, but across the street to save a little money. The valet parking is $30/day (plus tip) and there is no self-park. If you park across the street, the cost is $26/day (no wait, no tip). The front desk staff was a bit stuffy and snooty as well (as is probably expected from a top tier hotel--I have stayed at many nicer hotels with friendlier front desk staff). The concierge was not available when we needed them for recommendations/directions/maps, but the front desk girls the second night were kind enough to look up late night movie times for us.The hotel is about 8 blocks from Pike Place Market. We even made the trip to by foot to the Space Needle (which was a bit of a hike but worth it when we had pastries to walk off). There are many stores, coffee shops, and all kinds of restaurants within a few blocks. All in all, a standard experience. We got a good value and I would encourage a stay here over the much pricier Fairmont around the corner--unless cost is not a concern for you. Pretty good experience.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>cjlee32
<Content>Hotel Vintage Park I just got back from staying at Hotel Vintage Park and their staff is excellent. We were celebrating our 1st yr anniversary and the hotel upgraded our room to a King Premiere and gave us a complimentary bottle of champagne. The hotel is located in a pretty good location, in the shopping district and about a 1/2 mile walk to Pike's Market.The hotel itself is small and older but the staff makes up for it.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seattlemariner
<Content>Treat yourself to the Vintage Park! Having spent a night in the Chateau Ste. Michelle suite at the Hotel Vintage Park, I can honestly say I love the hotel. From the intimate lobby with the beautiful fireplace, to the delicious meal at the on-site Tulio's restaurant, the Hotel Vintage Park provides an experience you won't soon forget!Each room is unique in this boutique-style hotel. The staff was very attentive and courteous. The valet is a bit pricey at $30 a night, but that seems to be par for the course on downtown nightly parking. Each room is named after a winery, playing on the wine theme of the hotel. Each night at 5pm, there is a wine reception in the lobby where guests can try wines from local wineries and maybe a delicious appetizer from Tulio's.Our room was very clean, and there was a complimentary bottle of wine waiting for us!The front desk was most helpful whenever we needed something.We loved the leopard print robes and the l'Occitane bath products. I can't wait to come back to the beautiful Hotel Vintage Park!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>gktmd2
<Content>Not 4 star I won this hotel on a priceline bid. I am beginning to realize that hotels register with priceline for a reason. This was billed as a 4 star hotel and it is not even a 3.The check in was easy and the employees were helpful though the front desk clerk mentioned to me she was at the end of a double shift. The hotel is centrally located. There is no breakfast though there is a coffee service in the lobby in the morning.The valet staff was good and the employees really do a good job at this hotel. the room was very small, old, drab, and the bed sagged. the room had only one DOUBLE bed and I am 6'4'' so it was rahter short. the bathroom was small. There is quite a bit of outside noise that makes it into the rooms and I was awakened at 06:00 by a dumptruck below my window.I travel to Seattle often and there are a lot of good solid 3 star properties in the downtown area (Red Lion, Crowne Plaza) so I would probably head there next time unless I wanted to srping for wht is one of my favorite hotels of all...The Grand Hyatt Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happycamper1979
<Content>Leopard bathrobes great everything. I liked the wine themed rooms and the pillows were perfect. I was there on business but would def stay there again for leisure.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>pamelaj0906
<Content>Nice but would go somewhere else next time. Stayed one night only for a romantic getaway. requested roomon higher floor, view if at all possible. got a 6th floor room at the back facing the back of another building overlooking a wall and roof. room a bit small. bathroom very small could only really fit one person in there. TV was old and small and far away from bed and remote was not working properly. a bit too far to walk at night or in bad weather to market.menu at restaurant next door for both dinner and sunday brunch not appealing at all. a bit of a musty smell to the hotel room when you first enter.nice things:: service was good. concierge  bellman very helpful. l'occitane products in bathroom a plus! winetasting at 5pm a welcome treat! room very quiet. overall it was nice but would not go back again. would stay in hotel closer to market or something that perhaps just as nice but not as pricey. did not feel that this was entirely worth what I paid.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>caAnn
<Content>Nice The good:Wine hour - 5-6pm was niceService - Very good - friendly  helpfulLocation - Excellent within walking distance of shopping, wonderful restaurants, Pike's Market etc.L'Occitane shampoo/conditioner/lotion and bar soapNice robes - ask for slippers at the front deskNice chocolates at turn down service :)Excellent price on HOTWIRE! Although they didn't specify this hotel (4 star) we were pleasantly surprised at 109.99 per night! A great value!The bad:Parking - 30.00 - street parking available after 6pm through 8am*The linen on one of the beds was not as clean as expected upon check in - but a call to housekeeping cleared it right up.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbgantz
<Content>Hotel Vintage Park was great I booked a 3 night stay at the Hotel Vintage Park on Hotwire, and was very pleasantly surprised with the outcome. It was classified as a boutique hotel. I would classify this hotel as a bit old school in terms of the decor and furnishings, but very well maintained. Yet the staff was extraordinarily friiendly, helpful, and well trained to respond to every need. The Conceierge was amazing. The desk staff was probalby the most friendly/helpful/prepared that I've seen in this hotel category. I would be prepared to pay full price for this hotel, considering the service, location, and overall quality.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lucyinsky
<Content>Good Location - Nice Rooms - Kinda $$$ My Husband and I needed a weekend getaway so we decided to explore Seattle! The Hotel Vintage Park is really close to the *downtown* core of Seattle. Pike Place Market and the major shopping malls/stores are easily within walking distance. I can't comment on the price of the place - we happened to receive a corporate rate - so for the price we paid - the room was fabulous. However, I can understand if people are hesistant to hand out the big bucks for normal rates. There isn't much to the Hotel as far as amenities go - the lobby itself is quite small, but the restaurant looked lovely. There's no pool or gym facilities in the hotel.Each room is named after a Washington Vineyard which was neat (for winos like us). Another *bonus* is everyday from 5:00-6:00 there is an open winetasting in the lounge. Sometimes they have local wine intellectuals or vineyard owners come in and lead the tasting, and other times it's a free-for all. When we went, the wine was just laid out for anyone to try - no limit and it was a cozy atmosphere once people got warmed up.The only complaint I had, was parking. Valet parking is the only option at the hotel and it's $30 a night. However, there is a parking garage right across the street which has cheaper rates if you want to carry your stuff across the street. We chose the valet parking, just for the convenience and we didn't have to worry abotu our car too much while we were in the city.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>VictoriaYvonne
<Content>reservation problems Well I thought I was contacting the property directly (I guess I'll have to eat the long distance charge) and on purpose didn't dial the Kimpton general number so I could get to the front desk to make my annual reservation for US Thanksgiving weekend. Well that didn't happen. I was connected with someone who didn't know what country Victoria B.C. was in (come on!!) and said my zip code didn't exist (I had to explain that zip code and postal codes are different) I have stayed here 5 times before and felt the service I received was bordering on terrible. I asked for the best possible rate and was advised it was $159. I then said that I could book through Cheap Tickets or Expedia for a lot less and shouldn't the price be matched?. She put me on hold for ages and came back saying she'd pulled some strings to get the rate I want. I almost feel like not going now. I stay there because of the service, wine hour and safety of the property but this agent needs to give her head a shake. I do not feel special at all!! Would love an email from management!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Finngirlnh
<Content>Average at the Hotel Vintage Park Overall, I liked our stay at the Hotel Vintage Park, but there were some disappointments. First of all there is no restaurant in the hotel. There is a restaurant next to the hotel that only does dinner (possibly lunch, but I didn't check). I have found I like having a restaurant in the hotel for breakfast. Their only option was room service and I'm not that wealthy! The room was nicely appointed, and we had fun with the leopard print robes. The concierge service was nice and a woman helped us get reservations to the Waterfront Grille - an EXCELLENT restaurant. But I digress.... There was NO view from our room, in fact we looked at a brick wall with a mural painted on it. Not that I need a view - I'd just assume walk around and see the city. It is moderately convenient to most of the tourist destinations. Luckily we were up for some walking. We only had the option of valet parking, so this added to our expense. There was nothing over the top about this hotel - I would not necessarily recommend this hotel. There's probably something else in Seattle that's a little nicer for the money you spend at the Hotel Vintage Park.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>luckygirl79
<Content>Overpriced, but good location Our party of six booked three rooms for two nights at the Hotel Vintage Park during a short stay in Seattle prior to departing on a cruise. The hotel itself is located downtown, right across the street from the public library, which is an impressive sight, and a 5 or 6 block walk to the waterfront, the market, restaurants and other entertainment. The lobby was nicely furnished with an area for a nightly wine reception, free for guests, and the property and each guestroom has a winery theme. We had quite a bit of luggage between the six of us and even though there were at least two bellmen standing in the lobby chatting, no one helped us with our bags or even wheeled us a luggage cart--we found one ourselves and took care of it. Not necessarily a complaint and we weren't trying to be lazy, but the place comes off as a high end establishment and you usually get help with your bags up to your rooms--particularly when the bellmen are just standing there. Check in was simple, but the clerk wasn't very warm or friendly. Parking was $28/night, valet only, which is apparently standard in the area, but still seemed high to me. The rooms were tastefully decorated and the furniture and furnishings were nice. The bathroom had marble sinks and L'Occitane products. There were robes hanging in the closet for our use, but were old, scratchy and in animal prints. A nice gesture, but I don't imagine many people make use of them. There was a basket of goodies and a fridge stocked with cold drinks and wine at a premium price. There was a hair dryer and iron, but no coffee pot, though it was free in the mornings in the lobby. Beds were very comfy. I personally made the reservations--3 rooms each with the description of a King Premier Room--so we were very surprised to learn that each of the three rooms were very different in terms of space and amenities. Our room was medium sized--the bed took up about half of the room with very little room to walk on either side of it. There was a small love seat, desk and chair and armoire all crammed together. Our bathroom was larger then the others. One set of travel companions, also supposedly in a King Premier Room, had a much larger room with what appeared to be much newer furnishings and a tiny bathroom. The final couple were placed in a room so tiny it was difficult to plop thier luggage down and had a queen bed instead of a king. They ended up having to be moved in the middle of the night because the air conditioning in their room inexplicably turned on during an all ready chilly evening and wouldn't turn off. The employee that arranged for the move made a big deal that they were moving them to an upgraded room because that was all that was available and told them they should be really grateful not having to pay extra. This made absolutely no sense, considering the room that they were moved to was smaller then the one I was staying in with no extra amenties or anything else to speak of, yet thiers was considered an upgrade while our was supposed to be standard. We booked three of the same type of rooms at the same price with the same description, yet got three completely different results. Seems they have several styles and floorplans and label the rooms whatever they want. Check out was a madhouse. There were more then a dozen people waiting for a cab, with clueless bellmen and valet drivers running around mixing people's luggage up. We paid more then $300 per night, per room and expected a little more in terms of service. We had such a great time in Seattle and I try not to think too badly of the hotel, but I will not stay there again when I return. Bottom line: a nice place with decent amenities, but the hotel tries to come off more ritzy then it actually is.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>emilita28
<Content>Not worth the high price We stayed on a Saturday night in a 'Double Double Deluxe'. The base price of the room was $318, and with taxes and everything it was closer to $375. For that price, I was expecting something really nice - this wasn't it.When we checked in, the front desk person seemed really disinterested and barely spoke to me, and I was taken aback when I was handed the room keys...without a word! She never said you're in room such and such, the elevators are over here, our amenities are blah blah blah. When we checked out the next day, we had a different front desk person who also said barely a word to us! It was weird, and not the kind of 'over the top' service that I'd expect from a pricey hotel.The room was somewhat shabby. The carpet was old and tacky looking, and had several stains on it. The sofa in the room was a brown velvet piece that has seen better days. The beds themselves were fine. The room advertises a dvd/cd player. When we tried to play a cd, we couldn't get it to work. We called the front desk and after several rings, they picked up and told us that maybe some cords had come undone in the back of the tv. They wanted us to muck about with the cords and figure it out - all with the tv bolted into the armoire so you can't really reach a hand back there. We also ordered from room service. Again, the phone rang several times before anyone answered. The food was pretty plain - for example a $15 panini that was mostly bread (and dry bread at that). The room comes with a goodie basket and minibar - yes, you guessed it, we had to call for the mini bar key and it took forever for anyone to answer the phone. I was disappointed that there aren't any free goodies with the room. I mean, if the Doubletree can give you a cookie for a $30 hotel, how come you have to PAY for a cookie with a $300 hotel?? In the closet are two animal print terry cloth robes that have been washed so many times that they are extremely faded, and also two pairs of socks that you are welcome to - for an additional $11 per pair!! One last gripe about the room is that the bathroom was very small.Overall, the place was okay but NOT what I was looking for with the amount of money I spent. Altogether I spent about $450, but next time I'll take that amount and spend it at a classier place.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Luv2travel009
<Content>Horrendous Service The staff at the desk were terrible. Bordering on rude. No convenience bar key provided, yet tried to charge for soda from room. No vending machines in hotel.The mandatory car parking service was good, but expensive ($28/day).We were given lower floor and had to deal with construction noise across the street and the on-ramp to the freeway. The hotel is convenient to the freeway.Whatever you do, don't go to the adjacent restaurant. We had to track down our waitress to get our bill so we could check out- she was in the lounge having HER breakfast!!Suggest you pay the higher price around the corner at the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glow4011
<Content>Nice hotel and a good location This hotel is located on 5th (between Seneca and Spring, closer to Spring), across the street is the Seattle Central Library, near financial district, six blocks to waterfront and ten minutes walk to either Pike or Pioneer Sqaure. Close to the freeways. We had a King and used the sofa pulled out for our teenager. They gave us a room on the second floor (too close to the street and asked to switched to a higher floor, no problems). The staff was helpful and friendly, very professional. Complimentry coffee/tea downstairs in the lobby every morning. Room: The king bed had duvet and nice soft sheets, very nice. Toiletries were L'occitane during our stay. A fridge fill with standard drinks and goodie basket (not free). The bathroom were adaquate, but no vents. Rich colors in the room. We found out it's a pet friendly hotel. There is an Italian restaurants in the hotel, suppose to be really good, but we didn't eat there. Not too many restaurants close by, you need to walk down to the waterfront or closer to downtown for better selections.Small lobby (it's a boutique hotel) with a wine reception in the afternoon. Parking was expensive, but it's normal for most city hotel. Valet parking with in and out privilege. Could take more than 15 minutes wait, so plan accordingly. Overall, a good experience!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cgstine33
<Content>What a hotel... This is a really lovely hotel. When we checked in we were given a queen bed instead of the king we reserved (apparently they are the same price and they can do this when they run out of king rooms) but I have to say that it didn't even matter. The room was luxurious with rich colors, a spectacularly clean bathroom and sheets that were to die for. The location is great as well, right near the new public library. When our DVD/CD player would not function, someone came to fix it within five minutes of our call. Great service!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hiroshige
<Content>Good Hotel--If its Problems Won't Bother You This hotel largely meets the standards of other Kimpton Hotels, as indicated in many of the other reviews. But there are a few things one should know about it.There are very few truly quiet rooms in this hotel. Many of the rooms overlook Spring Street, a steep grade on which trucks constantly grind their way to the top. Other rooms (the largest and nicest) cluster around the elevators, which chime whenever the doors open. If you don't mind this noise, the hotel will be a fine place for you. (For the others, I think the hotel should have a stock of white noise machines on hand to lend to guests.)Second, if you bring your own car, be aware that some of the cars are parked in the open, apparently near a colony of large birds. My car was returned to me covered with bird droppings. This, I was told, might happen to about one-third of the parked cars on a busy night.Finally, although the rest of the hotel measures up to the high Kimpton standards (especially the staff), the rooms lack the usual good FM radio/CD/speaker systems that distinguish Kimpton from the pack. In addition to our TV, we had only a little bedside clock radio. Decent enough in quality, but by no means special.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fenway7
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel This is a great boutique hotel located in the financial district of Seattle, just a 10 minute walk from Pike Place Market. Maybe not the best place to stay if you want to be right in the middle of the action though. Vintage Park has a great restaurant and wine tastings right in the hotel. If you want to stay in a little quieter area, but still close enough to all the excitement of Seattle, I'd definitely recommend the Vintage Park. The rooms are awesome, with really comfortable beds, a large bathroom, and beautiful decor.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kate17
<Content>Great location, nice touches I probably wouldn't have stayed at someplace so upscale had I not lucked out with a great rate on Expedia ($112), but I was thrilled that I was able to because the location can't be beat. Blocks from all the great sites and a short walk to the waterfront and ferries.My room was tiny, but fine for me because I was alone. It was clean and well-maintained. View was a typical non-existent city view of the parking garage. Well-stocked mini bar and nice L'Occitane toiletries. There was a DVD player in the room and free wireless Internet, which were nice bonuses.I didn't partake of the wine happy hours, but the folks that I passed who were taking part seemed to be having a nice time. My only real complaint is the cost of the parking. Just too much, but what choice did I have? The valets were quick about retrieving the car though, so that was nice.I'd stay here again for the right price.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Kristen78
<Content>Very friendly and hip staff Although this hotel was quite expensive, it was worth it. I had a room with a great view of downtown. The front desk and bell staff were friendly. One of the night bellman who look almost like Johnny Depp went out of his way to deliver room service and a roll away bed. I highly recommend Hotel Vintage for any visit to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JAXtravel
<Content>The HVP is a Diamond among hotels in Seattle       Hotel  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>marksocal
<Content>I don't understand the good reviews - TINY room, NO view, apathetic staff       proximity of bed to wall approx 12 inches  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>jsnap
<Content>Wonderful hotel The Hotel Vintage Park is a boutique hotel and is part of the Kimpton Hotels group, which are known for being lovely and eco-friendly too. I have stayed at a few other hotels in town, but this was by far one of the nicest for serveral reasons. I'm not a big fan of big chain hotels, but I do stay in them on occasions too. However, I prefer personable places that remember you when you come back. I had joined their club before we arrived, and though I had never been to a Kimpton hotel before, I was treated as though I was a regular. Special gifts in the room were just as I had ordered. Orgainc fruits, sparkling water, and chocolates, for my daughters as well as myself.When we showed up at the hotel, I was sick. I wasn't sleeping well and was keeping my family up at night with my coughing. When I spoke to the front desk about maybe getting another room on the same floor, I was easily accommodated, despite the fact the hotel was pretty full. They moved us to a higher floor so we could have rooms across the hall from each other. And even though the elevator was right next to my room, I never once heard any noise coming from the hall, the elevators, or the rooms next to me.I found out later from my sister that Paul Newman had stayed at this same hotel the week before I arrived. Now, we don't normally rub shoulders with the rich and famous, but it seems his taste for eco-friendly places are on a par with mine. And it wasn't too expensive either. Everything was great, though I agree their parking garage is expensive, but it is very protected too. There is free overnight parking on the streets after 6pm, but you have to out there by 7 or 8 am to get a parking permit if you plan to stay longer. Personally, after doing this one morning, I found I prefered spending a couple extra dollars was worth my extra hour of sleep.Wonderful morning coffee and teas. I never saw any food though in the mornings. We missed the wine hour and didn't get a chance to eat in the restaurant, as we were eating with family most of the time, or being tourists.I'll certainly stay here again, or one of the other Kimpton hotels in town, from now on.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cruztopless
<Content>Another excellent Kimpton experience We had a pleasant experience at the Hotel Monaco in S.F. so we decided to stick with the Kimpton hotels when we vacationed in Seattle. Hotel Monaco Seattle had no rooms available so we stayed at the sister hotel, Hotel Vintage Park.Pros -1. The room was a good size, well furnished and comfortable. It was also appointed with all the necessary toiletries ... nice stuff by the way!2. Staff was very friendly. The concierge spent a lot of time with us to plan a day trip to some wineries.3. Wine hour from 5 to 6 where we got to try regional wines.4. Excellent location across from the library and within walking distance from the waterfront (10 minutes) and Pikes Market (15-20 minutes). There are a lot of excellent restaurants in the area. Try the Ipanema restaurant for wonderful Brazilian food and drinks.Cons -1. The pillows were too firm. We asked for some softer down pillows but they were unable to accommodate us.2. The view was of some construction going on next door. Not the hotel's fault but the room didn't muffle the sound very well. A lot of street noise could be heard.3. The concierge was very friendly but she didn't really instill confidence.4. I'll list the $30 valet parking here but to be fair it isn't much cheaper in the parking garage. This is probably the norm for the area. Besides, the cabs are plentiful and reasonable especially since a lot of attractions are nearby so just skip the car!I didn't try the restaurant but I heard several people at the hotel say it was very good. Overall an excellent experience. I'm giving it a 4 out of 5 stars because it's not perfect but for about the same price as a generic big named quality hotel you get something with more character and charm.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AliChris
<Content>Beware of Queen Rooms I spent 2 nights here on vacation with my fiancee. We had spent the previous 2 nights at the Bellevue Hyatt (very nice hotel).I booked through the Kimpton central reservation and they matched the rate I found on expedia ($129/night) for a room with one queen bed.Because we were early, I did not expect to get a room, but was pleasantly surprised when they said one was available. Unfortunately, the room was on the 3rd floor with a view of the wall of the building next door. When I phoned to inquire about a room on a higher floor or with a street view, I was informed that all the queen rooms are inside rooms (i.e. facing the building next door). I could have moved up to the 10th floor so I could at least look over the building next door, but the room was 100 sq. ft. smaller!! I think that they should have mentioned this when I was booking, or at least somewhere on the hotel website. I probably would not have booked here if I had known I had to strain my head to look out the window to see if the sky was blue, especially since parking was $30/night extra. (There is no self-park option at the hotel. The bellhops did not know the cost of nearby parking, so we drove across the street to check. I think it was maybe $2 less per night.) One other minor quibble is that the concierge was not on duty after the wine reception, which I would think is prime time for dinner recommendations. I did like the free internet, the L'Occitane toiletries, the bed, the magazines, and the wine reception. The restaurant, Tulio, was quite good. This is the 2nd time that we had eaten there. It is not your typical hotel restaurant.We also ate at Serious Pie, which I highly recommend. They have gourmet thin crust pizzas in a casual funky setting. It is one of the Tom Douglas restaurants.Overall, I wouldn't stay here again because I don't think the value for money was that great and because I felt a bit mislead. I think you can get a nicer newer room for the same amount of money. This hotel was rated four stars, which it might be if you pay for the king premier room. However, I don't think the queen rooms are as good. When I compare it to the Bellevue Hyatt, which is also four stars, the Hyatt is far superior.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>beachchairVirginia
<Content>Loved this hotel! This was the best hotel we stayed in on an extended trip through Alaska and the Northwest. The price was very reasonable for a beautiful, historic hotel in a wonderful location. They even upgraded us on arrival just because a nicer room was available. Everyone on the staff from the valet parking to the front desk staff to the bellman went out of their way to be helpful. The free Haagen Daz delivered by room service and good morning coffee were a nice bonus. This is a special find if you want to get away from all the generic chain hotels.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mianel
<Content>Nice boutique hotel I could stay only two nights here as the hotel was fullty booked because of a big conference. Old building downtown Seattle on walking distance of the Conference Centre and anything else you want to do. Nice place, not like the standard hotel chains, but with its own unique characteristics. Nice large and comfortable room, wireless internet connection for free but the desk was quite small to work on.Breakfast is not included but unless you like a big breakfast, go to the cosy lounge in the morning for a good cup of coffee and some cookies and all morning papers for free. Last but not least every late afternoon (from 5 to 6 pm) there is a wine tasting, again for free.I liked my stay very much and it was a pity that I had to move to another hotel after two days (which was my own fault as I booked too late).  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>viajera79
<Content>Comfortable, clean and great location I stayed at the Vintage Park for a week while on business in Seattle. My flight got in early and they were able to accomodate me, but in a very small room. Being that I was going to be there for so long, I asked if I could be moved to a bigger room, which they did without hesitation. Needless to say, the staff was extremely friendly and accomodating.The location of the hotel is great - across from the public library and within a few blocks of central shopping areas, and the public market. Their restaurant, Tulio was also very good.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EmEs
<Content>Nice place to stay Stayed just one night at the hotel prior to leaving on an Alaskan cruise, and wish we could have stayed longer.Nice rooms, good beds with soft sheets, and clean as a whistle.What more could you ask? It is close, about five nice blocks to Pikes Street Market and in the middle of up scale shopping.Nice restaurant in the hotel too. Wine tasting every eve and fresh delicious coffee starting at 5:00am. Kimpton does a good job and allows your favorite pup, too!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hamhem
<Content>Great hotel in a excellent location. Excellent location. Very good front desk. Tulio Restaurant is good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Very confortable beds. Great bathroom supplies.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Miss7
<Content>Friendy Hotel Staff-Romantic setting Very friendly hotel staff, they even have a former olympic medalist named Rey-Phillip working there who was very funny and polite. The guest rooms were very clean and had that classic romantic feel to it.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marco.to
<Content>Nice Place But .....       corridor2  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>docdebris
<Content>Loved It! Great hotel, friendly staff, and nice central location. I've read some reviews about the breakfast served at Tulio's as being good. Please don't waste your money, and head down to the Pike Market to check out Lowel's Diner. Enjoy the great view of the Sound while sipping a really good Bloody Mary. They also had the best corned beef and hash I've ever had.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>One of a Kind...Every Kimpton Property Tells a Story If you want a cookie cutter hotel, do not stay here. The lobby is small and intimate. I love where they have the evening wine reception by the fireplace. Kimpton properties are all different, ly historic and they usually have a little shock value. Something you might not expect but fun! Our room was quiet and comfortable and had windows that open! The staff friendly and helpful. No coffee pot in the room but they have coffee in the lobby. Pet friendly, bring Fido or Fluffy. Good location but bring your walking shoes for the hilly streets. You can purchase a pass for a great fitness center with steam room and lap pool. Check out the library across the street.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NotooPicky
<Content>Not Very Good in Any Respect A frequent business traveler to Seattle, I was interested in trying the Vintage Park due to the great reviews it received here. Normally I find the reviews reflect my experience, but not so in this case. My first night I arrived late and ordered room service - after a while there was pounding at the door, and when I opened it the guy who parked the car pushed a salad at me and said that it was on the house since they did not have what I ordered. Then he ran off. The rest of my stay didn鈥檛 get any better. I came back to the room the next evening to find that the air was un-breathable and hazy due to an unbelievable amount of cigarette smoke - when I called the front desk I was told much to my amazement that I was on the smoking floor! Yes, my reservation was for non-smoking, and I am not sure why it was annoying to the woman at the front desk that I was not going to stay in the room. The rooms are decorated in a manner reminiscent of a 1960's Italian bordello, complete with large mirrors. The reception area within which wine tasting occurs was the only thing smaller than the hotel room, and it simply wasn鈥檛 worth pushing into the crowd. Most of all, I will never forget the sweet potato gnocchi that looked and tasted suspiciously like tater tots.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MarcusS
<Content>Great downtown hotel - good value Stayed one night on business trip. Great experience - really comfortable bed - good mattress and soft pillows. Easy check in and out. Great style - it's a Kimpton! Didn't eat at Tulio, but the place looked good and busy.Will stay there again and have no hesitation in recommending  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjcampbell
<Content>Worth much more than the price The Vintage Park Hotel is conveniently located downtown, next to the Seattle Public Library (if you like modern architecture, you NEED to see this), and just off I-5 (Seneca Street exit - left exit), and a scant 3 blocks from Pacific Place, Nordstrom, and a little further (but walking distance, even in the cold!) to Pike Place. There is no appreciable view from the hotel, so don't expect to overlook the Sound or wake up to the Space Needle. But, the beauty of the Vintage Park is what's inside, not outside.The daily wine tastings are good, and we met with both Concierges during our 4-day stay. They feature a red and a white at each tasting. Speaking of the Concierges, they were both wonderful and helpful for us in setting dinner reservations, finding shows, etc. Very cheerful.The lobby is very cozy, and the large fireplace keeps the chill out and the ambiance in! Enjoy the wine tastings while warming your tozies. Tulio, the properties' restaurant, is comfortably appointed with dark wood tones, and the food was very good. I particularly recommend the frittata for breakfast, as this was a wonderful morning start.The rooms were small for our taste, but nicely appointed. There was a TV (armoire) with a DVD player, queen size bed, desk, sitting chair, and a chair at the desk. All this made the room a bit cramped, particularly since the closet is small as well, with little room for put a couple suitcases in. The beds were Tempurpedic, and the amenities were Aveda - why did we bother packing our travel kits!?!? The bowed shower curtains were welcomed, as was the good water pressure (sometimes, this is an issue - not here!). The hotel is pet-friendly, but we could detect no pet-friendly odors or other signs of pet trouble. There were two robes in the room - if you are a robe queen, bring your own... these were wacky leopard colored (which was kinda fun), small (not as much fun), and a little scratchy (no fun at all).I must admit that we had expected a little more from the wine themed rooms claim. True, each room was named for a Washington State winery, with the vintner's name over the door (ours was Covey Run, one of the larger wineries and previously known to us). And, there was a magazine on Washington State wines in the room. And yes, there was a wine channel on the site TV. But - there wasn't a single bottle of wine in the honor bar, let alone from our sponsored winery! A minor blemish, to be sure, but we had really expected that the wine theme would extend to the Honor bar. Perhaps, they could consider that for the future, but I'm sure it's a lot of overhead, with the number of wineries that they theme.Parking is $28 a day, with in/out privileges of course. Expect the 16% state tax on your bill for the room. I had a minor billing issue (room booked for the weekday rate through the weekend), which is being resolved now. I also noted that when you book on the website, and your stay mixes weekdays and weekends, you'll be charged the (higher) weekday rate for the entire trip. Call the property direct to fix this.Overall, the hotel is pleasant, the staff goes out of their way to solve problems and make your stay great. They go out of their way to make up for the minor misgivings we had with the room. The location is good, and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DougDilvo
<Content>Another Great Stay-Trip # 3 for us at the VP My wife and I stayed at the VP for one night. This was our third time staying at the property. The first time was on a Priceline Bid, and fell in love with it. We booked a package deal that included a bottle of wine upon check in and free parking. (parking is expensive at all Seattle DT hotels, usually $25-30 per night).We booked a King Premier room. It is a bit more expensive, but worth it to have some extra room. If you book this room, ask for a room that ends with 02 (7002, 8002, etc,)..These rooms are bit lager than the others. We stayed in room 1010 this time, and found out the hard way the 02 rooms are a bit roomier.As usual the staff was friendy and cooperative. Check in and out was extremely swift, and our car was retrieved in less than five minutes.The evening wine tasting from 5-6 is always a bonus. Good wine, nice atmosphere and very relaxing. Only complaint was some late arriving folks at around 3 am next door that were very loud in the hallway. Other than that, our stay was exactly what we were looking for.if you are looking for some personal attention, less crowds and fantastic accomodations stay the VP. This property does not have a pool, and is not ideal for kids..but for adults staying on business or leisure get-a-ways it's fantastic. It is close to all downtown shopping and sites. Again, I highly endorse the VP and will stay here again in the future!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>generx
<Content>Great little hotel, even better restaurant... Drove up and stayed for a night last month (had a meeting in Seattle early the next morning) Quick check-in, just got a regular room --it was tiny but clean and quiet. Service more than made up for the older building. The free-wifi is convenient, and they even have an iMac in the lobby for guests to use. Had a couple of glasses of local wine during their wine hour (lots of hotels do this and but it is a nice touch) The Koolhaas designed Seattle Public library is right across the street (great vertigo-inducing architecture on the upper floors)The one thing that really stood out was the restaurant (Tulio) I'm in Seattle often and will make it a point to eat dinner there again even if I don't stay at this hotel. Cramped, loud, delicious. Enough said.Room service/breakfast was prompt but just average.Valet was quick, noticed that they charge ~$10 more for valet/overnight parking than just about all the downtown hotels (I'm not sure why) It is really close to the I-5 freeway onramps so if you need to go north or south in a hurry, it's really convenient. I can recommend a stay here, although personally I prefer the Monaco nearby. For tourists/first time visitors, the Paramount or Inn at Market are closer to the walkable sites for about the same price (not that this hotel is really far, just not as close-in as the others)  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>kscpdx
<Content>Vintage Park is Wonderful! After a change in business plans allowed me to leave Central Washington early on a Friday afternoon, I had my wife call the Vintage Park to check availability for that same night. Because I'm a member of Kimpton's In Touch program, the hotel not only provided me with a deluxe room at the last minute but also knocked $30 off the rate. After a 2 hour drive through the snowy Snoqualmie Pass, arriving at the Vintage Court was a pleasure! We've stayed at this hotel a few times over the past year or two with our dog (one time we arrived after the complimentary happy hour and the front desk gave us a bottle of wine and two glasses to take up to our room) , and I just can't speak highly enough of the hotel and their staff. Great hotel in a great location!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rms519
<Content>Warm, friendly, and comfortable I stayed at the Hotel Vintage Park for two nights while in Seattle on business and found it to be excellent. The staff was friendly, accomodating, and fun (I was there on Halloween and they wore subtle costumes and had a big box of candy at the desk). The room was warm and cozy with deep colors, many lamps (no harsh overhead lights), and a comfortable bed with nice linens. The bathroom had a large granite counter and Aveda bath products. The hotel offers a complimentary local wine tasting each evening, and this was a highlight. Again, the staff was terrific and they taught us tricks you can do with wine corks and actually gave several of us full bottles of the wine we had been tasting to take with us.I don't often find myself in Seattle, but the next time I do, I will be staying at the Hotel Vintage Park again!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Skiprob
<Content>Excellent Experience Hotel Vintage Park offers a wonderful alternative to the large hotel chains in downtown Seattle.Great location, excellent staff and a comfortable first class room.Excellent experience and will stay there in the future.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jacktraveler
<Content>Excellent Choice Great experience at this little boutique gem right around the corner from the W and the Fairmount, which are both over 100 bucks more per night. Room service from the italian restaurant Tulio was very good as well. Would stay again in a heartbeat. If you're on a 200/night budget for business, this is a layup.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>HAPPYBIRDJZ
<Content>3rd Time Back I first stayed at the Vintage Park 8 years ago. They are part of the Kimpton hotel chain, which I have also stayed at in San Jose, CA. Their hotel is pet friendly-which I appreciate because we were travelling with our dog. Some hotels will only allow pets in smoking rooms but this is not the case here. We like the Vintage Park because although you are in a large city, it has the feeling of being at a country inn with the inviting fireplace and comfy overstuffed furniture in the lobby. Another wonderful feature is the free wine service in the lobby in the evenings. After we had a few glasses of wine in front of the fire with other guests, we went into the restaurant for dinner. The gourmet dinner was excellent.The only negative input I have is that the room seemed to be a bit tired, and needs some freshening up. Also, there was a $30 per night charge to park your car, which I did not expect. That seemed a bit steep when we paid $179 per night and dinner over $100.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>WorldlyGal
<Content>Upgraded and Delighted My husband and I stayed here for two nights in early September pre-cruise. We got an excellent AAA rate of $150/night plus taxes on the hotel's website, and found ourselves upgraded on check-in to a double/double bed corner suite on a concierge level (Fl 9). The room was large, with comfortable beds, and nicely decorated and quiet. Bathroom was fine, though not over-large. (The hotel is in an older building.)The hotel has free wireless internet that worked very well in our room. All guests are treated to a wine reception at 5 PM, and freshly brewed coffee and tea are available from 5:30 AM - 10 AM in the hotel lobby. Free daily NY Times rounded out the amenities nicely.The hotel -a Kimpton property - is centrally located one block from the Seattle Public Library, five blocks from Westlake Center shopping area, and about 8 blocks uphill from Pike Market Place. We ate one night at Etta's Seafood Restaurant near Pike Market Place and took a taxi back to the hotel because of the steep uphill incline. Reception staff were friendly and helpful. The lobby/reception area is small; and there's no business center or gym onsite. For the price, we were really delighted and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jw9691
<Content>great little hotel! This is a great hotel overall, and at the rate I got on the internet ($159), quite a bargain. Great service, convenient location, good restaurant on site, and helpful staff. My room was a good size, with a huge bathroom and very comfortable bed. The free wireless internet throughout the hotel was a nice perk. I was able to walk almost everywhere I went, though it's also convenient to buses, which are free in the downtown business area. I'd recommend this place without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gavindoyle
<Content>A very excellent hotel expreience Our trip to Seattle has been very good, and Hotel Vintage Park has made it excellent. Their in-house restaurant (Tulio) is quite superb, but for those who like to explore, the hotel is right downtown and there are quite a variety of great eateries within a few minutes walk. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. We're on our honeymoon, and they presented us with a bottle of champaigne and a very kind handwritten note of congratulations. In addition, they have a complimentary wine tasting each evening (with a very knowledgable staff). The rooms are quiet. The beds are comfortable. And they suceed in making their patrons very happy! There isn't another hotel we'd stay at in Seattle!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cecomp76
<Content>Adequate Hotel - Not Horrible, Not Spectacular       Vintage Park Room  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>CFIGuy
<Content>Kimpton hotels are a step above I just got back from a four night stay at the Hotel Vintage Park. We were lucky enough to get an AAA rate of $152 per night for a standard King room. Normal rates seem to be a little higher. I signed up for Kimpton's frequent traveller program before arriving. I would highly recommend this to anyone who books through the KImpton site. The frequent traveller program notes preferences, such as bed type, smoking preference, floor preference, pillow preference, and location of the room on the floor. Prior to arriving at the property, I book a town car through the valet. Upon arriving at Sea-Tac, I was advised to call the driver on his cell phone. I arrived at the baggage claim, and called the driver. He had no idea about me, and was no where near the airport. Not a good start. We took a limo (basically the same price as a taxi) to the hotel, and in the process, saved either $5 or $10, as the hotel's car service was either $40 or $45. Upon arrival at the hotel, check in was quick. The front desk was very concerned when I mentioned that the car service was not expecting me. They grabbed the reservation book from the valet, and my information was all in there. They weren't sure where the ball was dropped, but made up for it with a credit in the hotel restaurant (other things were offered, I preferred the restaurant credit).We made it up to our room, and every one of our preferences were met. We were in room 1105. We entered our room, to our bed turned down with chocolates, sparkling water, and fresh grapes. The radio was playing classical music. We noticed that a coffee maker was missing, and called down to the front desk. The front desk promptly sent up a coffee maker with fresh ground coffee on a silver platter at no charge. I tested out the wi-fi access almost immediately. Everything worked perfectly. For other forms of electronics, the TV had almost every channel under the sun available. The mini-bar was well stocked, but prices seemed to be about $1 more per item than other hotels. Our friends were staying at the Sheraton, and this was true with their mini-bar. The bathroom was well stocked with Aveda products, two bathrobes, and cotton balls, q-tips, etc. The faucet hardware was fancy, but everything else was just your standard hotel bathroom. Also, noticed a little dirt on the floor after a couple of days (wasn't sure if it was there when we checked in). Also, housekeeping did not restock amenities. Had to ask the front desk to send up more shampoo. The restaurant at the property is nice. We only had breakfast there. Lunch and dinner look nice, but it is gourmet or fancy Italian. No pizza or spaghetti here. Personally, not my cup of tea, but that's just me. Other restaurants are around in abundance, but because the hotel sits on the border of the financial and shopping district, it is a couple of blocks walk to the nearest restaurant. As for the common areas, there aren't too many. The lobby/lounge was where the evening wine hour was, as well as where fresh coffee and tea were. The wine tasting was nice, although I was a bit surprised to see them checking names against the hotel register. All of the staff that we met with downstairs were great. The staff really are the shining stars of this property.In my opinion, if you can get this hotel for around $150 per night, I would highly recommend it, especially when the 2* hotels are only about $20 cheaper (at least in the Summertime)  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Simbirsk
<Content>Location, Location, Location. This hotel satisfied my wish to be within walking distance of all the Seattle sites so I wouldn't need a rental car. It's about 5 blocks from Pikes Market, a heathier but doable distance to the ballpark and older districts of town. As far as the hotel itself? I checked again to see what a 4 star hotel is supposed to encompass, and outside of not having any workout facility, this did meet the requirements. It's front lobby area is a bit tiny, but I wasn't there for that. Staff was young and helpful. I wasn't blown away by anything, but there wasn't any real downfall. In the end, it was really about location, and for a price under $ 170. a night before taxes, it fit the bill.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Foodie2006
<Content>Great hotel, great location Very nice stay here for business. Highlight was restaurant recommendation for Brooklyn four blocks away. Oyster and wine flights...best calamari ever...amazing. Hotel has nice accommodations and amenities - especially for women business travelers. Liked the decor and the friendly service. Felt like a boutique hotel experience. Will stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Princess Who Found the Pea We arrived an hour before check-in and after waiting 15 minutes in the lobby to check in, were given the key to our room. We were shocked to see that the desk clerk had assigned our room to the couple ahead of us. Thankfully they were not newlyweds. On again waiting in line, we spoke to the same clerk who was shocked that such a thing could have occurred and chose to personally check the next room herself, before assigning it to us. Presumably, she felt it was a computer, not a human error. We were not impressed by this point, especially after being confronted with a $30/night parking fee. We were then given a corner room - the only demonstrated make up - that was bright, fairly large and airy (at $260 US per night, it shoudl have been). The bathroom was tiny and the toilet did not flush until we adjusted a valve in the tank. The T.V. could not be viewed from the bed despite offering a variety of pay per view movies. The bed was one of the worst I have slept on. It was not the Kimpton Perfect Bed boasted of in their brochure. It was a hard, cheap king mattress, with no down featherbed on the non-pillow top mattress. It made for two bad nights sleep mitigated by good black out curtains (needed to augment a bad sleep with more sleep) and soundproof rooms. This hotel has potential and would be wonderful it if lived up to its brochures.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel missing some key elements We arrived at the Hotel Vintage Park mid-week an hour before check-in after flying cross country and were somewhat put off that there were no rooms available for our requested (slightly) early check-in. The staff politely checked to see if there would be any rooms available only after we pressed them on the point, and we were told we could wait 15 minutes for a room in the very small lobby. We did, but instead of the king room we requested the front desk apologized that only a queen was available (this only 45 minutes before official check-in mid-week - somewhat hard to believe). Imagine my surprise to find not a queen bed at all but a full sized bed (we sleep on a queen at home, so I know the difference). When I asked about it I was told it was a queen and not offered a different room. Also, contrary to some of the other reviews, it was most definitely not a tempur-pedic mattress, though it was a comfortable bed. The bathroom had no vent/fan, and the room was quite small, so everytime we showered the room became stuffy and humid (even after leaving the windows open and returning after several hours, the ventilation was that bad). The Aveda products and free newspapers were appreciated, but offset by the expensive paid internet ($6/15 minutes) and lack of coffee in the room (served downstairs each morning). The only real positive was the location, which was right in the middle of downtown, near the library, symphony, shops and restaurants. For the nearly $200/nt price, I would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fedexflyer
<Content>I Love This Hotel The Hotel Vintage Park in Seattle is part of the Kimpton Group chain of boutique hotels. While I've stayed elsewhere in Seattle, I keep coming back here due to its comfortable rooms, convenient location and its eccentric European-style charm. Upon arrival, I handed my keys to the valet ($30 for overnight parking) and was quickly checked into my room. The rooms have recently undergone a modest renovation, including new wallpaper, carpets, bedding and cushioned furniture. The bed has a very comfortable Tempur-Pedic mattress, which may take some getting used to if you've never slept on foam before. As with all Kimpton Hotels, the Vintage Park uses high quality Aveda bath products, has a very nice evening wine reception (featuring Washington wines) and has a very good, very creative restaurant in the lobby (Tulio). There is a nice selection of free newspapers available in the lobby, along with complimentary coffee in the morning. As a Kimpton InTouch member, a plate of grapes and two flavors of sparkling Italian fruit beverages were brought to my room. While I do have some small quibbles with the property--there is no Fox News on the TV, it is very difficult to get into the on-site garage during peak traffic times, there is no view from the rooms, the lobby is very intimate (i.e. small)--the unique feel, attentive staff, wonderful food and great downtown location make it a great place to stay in Seattle. I highly recommend this four star property.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tennman
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent room. Very helpful staff. Well located for walking around Seattle. We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was small but extremely well appointed, very comfortable, and sparkling clean. The room was wonderful for sleeping - no noise and great curtains for blocking light. We didn't have a view but at the price we paid we didn't expect one. The wine tasting (free from 5-6pm) was a nice touch although the location was a little crowded. The Vintage Park exceeded our standards and we're pretty picky. We'll stay at there again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Craig_Woodward
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd to none in service  I was there with my daughter on a birthday shopping trip and we upgraded our hotel with the Clipper to The Vintage Park for 3 nights and enjoyed the deluxe, non-smoking suite on the 10th floor. They even sent up a complimentary bottle of their Best sparkling cider when they found out it was my Daughters 17th Birthday!The staff were 2nd to none and it was really nice to mingle with other travelers and sample local wines with their complimentary wine pouring every night. Coffee service in the morning was also available as was their much needed unbrellas! They are practically next door to the 5th avenue Theatre where we saw a Broadway musical for under $50! My daughters price $20 and mine(Adult)$27 Unbelievable! We will only stay at the hotel Vintage Park when we're in Seattle!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, charming and a little eccentric... We had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Vintage Park in Seattle for New Year's Eve and for an additional 3 days. This boutique hotel is a beauty. Totally charming, great ambiance and loads of personality with a touch of that great eccentricity that makes everything more interesting. Beautiful funky fireplace that is SO cozy...Also, the staff were wonderful--from the valets/bell hops to the front desk and the concierce. Francesca, our concierge, was a delight. She found us a wonderful, local vegetarian/vegan restuarant on New Year's Eve--Cafe Flora--that absolutely blew us away. I swear that it was the best meal I've ever eaten in a restaurant. And you can rest easy: REALLY comfy bed. Our room was Small (to be expected in old, gracious, boutique hotels)--but a fantastic location, central to everything in this delightful city. This is not your daddy's ho-jo! We cannot wait to come back!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cortez55403
<Content>Very excellent location and service 3 of us stayed 3 nights at the Vintage Park. Wouldn't hesitate to do it again.++ Great location within walking distance of top shopping and Pike's Place Market. Around the corner from W hotel and Hotel Monaco. 1 block to Seattle's Finest coffee and Starbucks. Across from spectacular new public libary (for architecture geeks like me.) Friendly environment. Excellent front desk, valet parking and concierge. Our concierge, Francesca, never erred in her recommnedations: Brooklyn for oysters/cocktails; Cafe Compagne for brunch; Dahlia Lounge for dinner; drive to UDub and Asian Art Museum. All very fun. Wine tasting at 5 pm a nice treat in front of the fireplace. Rooms: large with 2 double beds plus foldout couch. Small bath. Restaurant: Tulio's is fine but just ok. Less than I expected. Bar is small, friendly with excellent beers and scotch selection. No fitness facility is a problem. No problem staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique in heart of downtown. This is my 2nd stay at the Vintage Park. The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of everything down (ie. market, public transportation, shopping, Belltown) and around the corner from I-5.I was given a King premium room which was located near the elevator but I didn't hear any elevator or exterior noise for the duration of my stay. Room was very spacious and included a couch, coffee table, desk, great ego chair, spacious bathroom, and nice size closet. I did feel the room was slightly dark vs. my comfort but no major problemStocked mini-bar but you are probably best served walking to the drug store a block away to acquire any beverages.The restaurant Tulio offers a great weekend brunch/breakfast and I would eat there again. I felt the service was slow but I wasn't in a rush.The hotel beats its competition (as in the bigger 4*):. Free Wifi access (usually for a fee elsewhere). Free wine-tasting every evening between 5-6pm (why bother with Happy Hour elsewhere). Quick valet parking.. Located between the W  Crowne Plz so finding a cab is never a problem.The hotel lags behind competition in that is doesn't offer a fitness center. If not your interest, no lost!Save yourself money and visit the Vintage Park.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but Spendy My boyfriend and I decided to take a short trip up to Seattle for our spring break. We booked our room through Expedia. When we arrived we realized that this hotel was much more than we needed. When we checked in the receptionist tried to overcharge us and assured us that they would have never sold a room for the rate that Expedia gave us. We were able to resovle that issue fairly easily though. We liked the hotel but didn't realize that we had to pay for valet parking and $5 for a bagel! So, I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for somewhere ritzy to stay, but it just wasn't for us.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it This hotel was great. I was in Seattle going through a personal crisis and the staff couldn't have been nicer. I switched to the Vintage Park from another hotel which was TERRIBLE (Hotel Max). I felt like a wandering orphan and they took me in, gave me a warm and luxurious room, free ineternet, and free booze! (They have a free wine reception every evening. Great chance for those traveling alone to converse with others.)I am extremely picky and this place did not disappoint.One small note: The wireless internet in the hotel did not mesh with my computer. It ended up knocking out my wireless ability. This was remedied when I got home. I think this may have been a problem with my computer rather than with the hotel's system, though I've never experienced anything like it before (thankfully).  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful experience! My husband stayed Dec 4-15(11 nights), I stayed 4. We both do a lot of business travel and I have to say this was our favorite hotel. The wine tasting was lovely every evening, great location, very confortable beds/pillows, very clean, homey atmosphere, helpful staff/cleaners. A very nice touch with the hot apple cider/coffee tea. It made our first trip to Seattle that much more enjoyable. Thanks  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PDXDon
<Content>New Favorite in Seattle We Spent two nights at Hotel Vintage Park over Thanksgiving weekend. I've stayed at quite a few Seattle hotels, and HVP is now among my very favorites, especially in terms of value.Its a nice size hotel -- small, but full service (valet, room service, etc). Very clean and well maintained. The rooms we were staying in looked as if they had been recently remodeled and were nicely decorated. Beds were comfortable and Aveda products in the bathrooms are a nice touch. One of the two rooms in our group had a Temperpedic matress, which people seem to either love or hate. Might want to keep this in mind if you have a perference.Location is very good. Walking distance to everything downtown, and quieter than I expected (but, we were on the 10th floor). The amazing new Seattle Public Library is right accross the street, and its definitely worth a visit! You can walk down to Pike Market in minutes.Wireless Internet access is free and worked perfectly. Desk is small, but sufficient. We didn't watch any TV, but the televisions were good sized. Unfortunately, no CD/DVD player which, in my personal opinion, is a great addition to a hotel room.We didn't go to Tulio (the attached restraunt), but I've heard that it is excellent. Very popular. Lots of other great options for food and drink are blocks away.Overall, I found Hotel Vintage Park to be an great choice. We were all very happy and comfortable. Much better and/or less expensive than many hotels in Downtown Seattle. I'll definitely be back!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hester56
<Content>Enjoyable stay We had never stayed here before. We got the room off Priceline. We were very surprised when we checked in that they had upgraded us to a deluxe room. The room was very nice. The reception desk couldn't have been nicer. Our room was quiet, I was a little concerned after reading the other reviews. Our experience was very nice. Check in was very efficent as well as check out. I would stay here again, especially with Priceline prices.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing stay I just returned from a stay at the Hotel Vintage Park and have to say it was one of the most disappointing hotels I have ever stayed in. I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco, which is lovely! Unfortunately, they were sold out. So, knowing the Vintage is also owned by Kimpton, I thought it would be equally as good. NOT! I requested a premium room and to be away from the elevator. Their version of premium was a small, dated and uninviting room with worn out furnishings, old washed out awful bedding and a tiny tiny bathroom. The room seemed dirty and was definitely musty. Not to mention, I was right outside the elevators! I would never stay here again nor would I recommend them to anyone. It was a total waste money.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ltathom
<Content>Good For a Short Business Trip We stayed at the Vintage Park for five nights while I was attending a conference in Seattle. I chose the hotel for its proximity to the conference hotel and downtown, and it seemed to be a quieter option than the usual large chain hotels.We'd reserved a King room and were given a room on the second floor, one floor above the lobby facing away from the street. This was fortunate because the hotel is on a main thouroughfare and there is a busy parking garage across the street. It was far enough from the elevators, but during the evening there is a door to the restaurant kitchen that the staff leave open. You can hear the activity from the kitchen and all the chatter down the hall until the restaurant closes. The size of the room was even smaller than I'd expected for a boutique hotel. In addition to the bed and TV cabinet there was a desk and a club chair in the room - all in one corner. When one of us was using the computer at the desk it was impossible for the other to sit in the club chair.The room was decorated pleasantly enough and it appeared to be cleaned well, even the bathroom. The bathroom was small as well, especially the tub/shower. I am 6'2'' and it was difficult to maneuver around. It was made even smaller because the rack holding the towels is in the shower.The windows in the room faced an alley and it was fairly quiet except when dumpsters were being emptied. I would still ask for a higher floor the next time. The room doors are on hinges that allow them to close shut with force it they are not held. That was the biggest irritant - listening to various doors slamming shut during the evening and night. I did not hear any noise through the walls or from above.I did not have much interaction with the staff. They did come to the door a couple of times in the evening asking if we wanted to buy things or if we wanted the bed turned down. One night we left for dinner around seven, and we came back to find all the lights on and the bed turned down. We left the do not disturb sign on the door after that. The morning delivery of the New York Times was nice, and there was coffee in the lobby instead of in the room.The best thing about the room was the bed. It was very comfortable for a hotel bed and I slept well. I would have liked the option of another blanket so we could have taken off the bedspread with the attached bedskirt.Overall, the room was adequate. We were not in the room at all during the day and basically came back there to sleep. I would have found it difficult to spend more time in such a cramped space.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ThompsonTwo
<Content>Fabulous little hotel for special occasions. My wife and I stayed at Vintage Park for her birthday and our 2nd anniversary. VP is located only about 2 blocks from I-5 but you never seem to hear or notice it. It's location is perfectly suited for quick access to Pioneer square, Pike Market or the monorail to Seattle Center. We stayed in their luxury suite (there is only 1) on the top floor and everything was incredible. The suite had a 4 poster bed with the most luxurious coverings, fireplace, jetted shower, plasma TV, sitting area and spa tub. Overall it is around 900 sq ft. The staff was extremely attentive to every detail and the room was spotless, new and richly furnished. Our only problem was that something was wrong with the chimney and a lot of smoke got into the bedroom. When we told the staff, they sent up housekeeping and maintenance immediately and they cleaned the entire fireplace and ran an ozone machine in our room to remove the smell while we were gone. When I reported the problem in my review, the hotel manager wrote me back personally and apologized, promised to have all the chimney's cleaned right away and asked to make our next reservation personally so she could accomodate our inconvenience. The hotel is a bit small (126 rms) and does not have modern conveniences like a pool or fitness room, but if you want a charming and attentive hotel for a special occasion, this is the place to stay. The evening wine reception and Aveda bath products are nice additions and the attached restaurant makes for convenient dining (our room also came with $50 per evening credit towards the restaurant). All in all it was probably the best hotel stay I've ever enjoyed and will definitely consider there again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lisashrop
<Content>Beware of Double Rooms! Nice enough hotel. Friendly service. Good location. Lovely wine reception from 5:00-6:00. HOWEVER- be careful when you book a standard double room. The only standards are located directly across from the elevator bank on every floor. All other rooms are considered deluxe and are a bit larger. If you are a heavy sleeper and don't mind hearing the elevator all night, then a standard is fine. If you want a peaceful night then pay extra for the deluxe room.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>USTraveler
<Content>Romantic hotel for special occasions.       Sitting area.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice Room and Great Location My sister had a business trip to Seattle August 4th and 5th. I met her for for two days while she was in Seattle. It was prime tourist season and all the hotels in downtown were full. My sister travel agent was able to book the last room. This was our first visit to this hotel. My sister and I slept very well. The beds were very comfortable. There was no noise from the outside or the inside (our room was near the elevator). The bathroom was huge and had nice Aveda products. My sister ordered room service for breakfast each day. The food was very good but very expensive. The locatoin was excellent. It felt like a safe area and we walked to dinner at night. There are some good restaurants and shopping areas within 5 blocks from the hotel. The valet parking was $26.00 a night. It seem to be very expensive at first but we found out that everything is paid parking in downtown Seattle. The TV was too far away from the bed, but we didn't watch it much anyway. The bathroom floor needed some extra cleaning. I left a note for houskeeping about the floor. When we came back to our room in the evening, the floor was cleaned. Housekeeping even opened the window a little to air out the room. We didn't smell any cleaner. All the staff was very nice and helpful. The 5 o'clock traffice is terrible downtown but afterwards there is hardly any traffic at night near this hotel. This hotel has easy access to I-5. I will definaltey stay here again  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JoshHM
<Content>Met our requirements, and went a bit higher We chose this hotel because it met our three requirements:- Four star hotel for around $100/night (as Orbitz add on)- Central location in Seattle (we walk and use public transport when we travel)- Free InternetVintage Park advertises itself as a boutique hotel, but it feels more like a standard high end property with colorfully decorated rooms. We were in the smallest of those rooms, on the fifth floor, and despite old-fashioned double hung windows (they opened!) street noise was never a problem. Despite other's complaints, Internet access was never a problem (try to open an non-secure webpage and you're taken to a one-click logon) and we had no touble getting around, finding buses, etc. Even at 10:00pm the neighborhood felt safe if quiet.Two big bonuses: a complementary wine tasting every evening between 5 and 6pm (including popular weekly nights featuring Sangria and sparkling wine) and free use of yoga equipment.(As a side note, the restaurant, Tulio, is unusually good for a hotel.)  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A satisfactory stay, but not the luxury boutique experience we expected. We stayed in a deluxe queen for 1 night.The room was nice and spacious, however the decor was a bit outdated in our opinion. There was a mirror along an entire wall of the room - which I thought was a bit passe. The sheets and bedding could use some updating -the sheets didn't feel very fresh. I'm certain they were clean, but I definitely didn't feel like I was slipping into a luxurious bed. Today there is such an emphasis on hotels providing a comfortable sleeping experience that I am surprised when there isn't a pillow-top mattress and cushy down duvets.The bathroom was average - with nice amentities from Aveda.The complimentary wireless internet was a great perk and the guest service was polite and efficient.If you are driving into Seattle and won't be needing your car all the time, there is a public parking garage right across the street from the hotel. I didn't check the prices, but I'm certain they are less expensive than the $26/day valet at the hotel.A satisfactory stay, but not the luxury boutique experience we expected.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HiltonHonor20YR
<Content>Internet service stinks, big time Have you ever had someone ask if everything is going well but didn't know how to address a negative answer? That's the type of service I feel I received at the Hotel Vintage Park in Seattle. It's obvious the staff has been trained EXTENSIVELY to ask the question but don't have a clue how to correct any issues, especially technical ones. During my recent stay there the wireless access point on the 8th floor first did not send a signal to my room, secondly, would not allow me access to the network, and finally the minute I got access it continued to drop me. I begged and pleaded with the staff to help me correct the issues and all I got was Oh, we're so sorry, we don't know what's wrong. After dealing with this for 4 days I demanded to be moved to the Monaco which is rock solid for everything from service to cleanliness. And best of all I'm online now with no issues. If you're looking for a hotel that understands business travel I suggest choosing the Monaco over the Vintage.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in the Vintage Park in January with some friends and we loved the hotel. It's in an easy walking location from most everything. We had a room that overlooked the new Library with a King bed and since my husband is an Architect he loved the view. The beds were great and everthing was clean. The staff was very helpful. The concierge was great and got us dinner reservations at full resturants both nights. The wine hour is a wonderful way to sample Washington States new wines. The only complaint would be that the lobby is a bit to small for the wine hour. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. And I felt the price for downtown Seattle was resonable. Not a deal but good.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice staff The valet  Front Desk (evening and morning shifts) staff were very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The location is convienent for both driving and walking around. The location of the TV in the room was about 15' from the bed and either I needed binoculars to watch or they need bigger TVs. Overall, I would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chet812
<Content>Nice and Quiet My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Vintage Park on the evening of March 18th. We booked a King Premiere room directly through the Kimpton Hotel website for a rate of $155 +tax. We were able to check-in early, around noon, and we were also given a late checkout of 2PM the next day. This was our first night being away from our 14th month old little boy, so we were a bit nervous, but the staff took great care of us. The valets were very pleasant, as was the bellhop. The front desk ladies were nice in both demeanor and appearance. We attended the complimentary wine tasting that evening in the lobby and were treated to a couple of glasses of a nice local cabernet.The overall appearance of the room was pleasant. The bed linens did seem a bit worn and/or threadbare, but overall decent. I will say that the king size bed was not very comfortable and it wasn't a pillow top. The bathroom was small but functional, although my wife did not care for the faucet handles, she thought they were difficult to operate when her hands were wet. Standard TV set-up with pay-per-view movies, including the usual 'adult' selections.We were in the corner room on the 10th floor, room 1004. So we had a great view down Seneca to Elliot Bay. The ice machine is outside this room, but we never heard any other guests the entire time we were in the room.For the price, this is a nice place to stay. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Room Poor Service I stayed here in January 2005 and I thought the rooms were beautiful. I had an upgraded room for around $200/night and it was always clean and the furniture and linens were in great shape. However, I was not pleased with the valet and bell service. The guy standing at the door never opened it for us... even when it was raining and we had our hands full... He also did not once offer to help us as we struggled with our luggage when we left. Our room was quiet, the front desk was pleasant... but their internet service was not reliable. It only worked for 2 of our 4 days there and we were constantly on the phone with the customer service to find out why we couldn't connect.Overall I was pleased with the experience, but felt that the customer service, especially with regard to the bell hop could have been better.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel! I have stayed at many hotels in many cities. This was by far the best hotel experience I've had to date. Not one negative marred my vacation. The staff was helpful above and beyond what is customary - from the valets asking every time upon bringing us our car if we needed directions, to the front desk going to mapquest and printing directions that the valets didn't know, to the wine-tasting every night, ... I could go on and on.The room service was the only room service I've ever had that was incredibly delicious AND relatively inexpensive. The minibar was the only one I've come across that wasn't ridiculously overpriced. We were on the second floor which is right on the street but the noise from outside was minimal (even on New Year's Eve). The decor was lovely.I have nothing bad to say about this hotel.We actually got it on priceline and were not treated as inferior guests (as we had been at some hotels). I would stay at this hotel again and again - through priceline or not.SUPERB5 STARSTHANK YOU  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonymousSanDiego_CA
<Content>Wonderful Experience We stayed at the Vintage Park Hotel from December 28th through January 2nd 2005. What a wonderful romantic experience. The rooms are beautifully designed and tastefully decorated. The service was outstanding. The conceriege was the most helpful conceriege we have encountered. She gave us wonderful advice on local restaurants, bars, tours, etc. The hotel has a wine theme and hosted wine tasting in the cozy lobby each day from 5 to 6. It was a great chance to taste local wines. Tulio's restaurant and bar are in the hotel and the food and service there are outstanding also. I highly recommend this hotel for any type of visit to Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay here any time As a frequent visitor to Seattle, I have tried a few hotels over the years. My husband and I usually stay in 3 or 4 star hotels, and Vintage Park was way way above my expectations. Except for the check-in clerk, who was slightly rude (perhaps it was efficency as check-in took no time at all), everything else was top-notch. I had requested late check-out: no problem and complimentary. Our room on the 10th floor had a wonderful kingsize bed and a very big bathroom with bathrobes and brand name toiletries (Aveda). The room decor was very elegant, with deep rich colors and an expensive look. Room service was impeccable, as was valet service. I like the location, you are close to everything but not in the middle of it all, walking distance to Pioneer Square, Pike Place Market, Belltown etc. My husband and I will definitely stay here again. The only place I have stayed at that is a step above is the Sorrento. But your wallet also has to pay more. I might not have to try any more hotels in Seattle after Vintage Park.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HVP: Stellar service, convenient location, big thumbs up! From the moment we walked in the door (held open by friendly, smiling doormen), we felt at home, at ease, and pampered. Each staff member we encountered was incredibly friendly and helpful; no snooty concierges here! The location was convenient for lots of shopping opportunities. We walked everywhere. I can't say enough about the staff. Everyone seemed genuinely happy to be helpful. They were equally attentive whether we were asking for restaurant suggestions, directions, or even our special requests. Also loved the very comfy beds, unobtrusive maid service, and Aveda amenities in the room. I would definitely return again and will recommend it to anyone who asks. Thanks HVP!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>traffic noise is loud on the 7th floor We were suprised by how loud the traffic noise was in our room on the seventh floor. We were also suprised by the lack of services offered. No gym at the hotel unless you pay extra to go elsewhere. Parking was 26 dollars a night. The concierge was not around in the late afternoon or evening hours. I have stayed at nicer hotels with way more amenities for 30 to 40 dollars less.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lacevan
<Content>Great Staff at Hotel Vintage Park We only stayed one night at Hotel Vintage Park, but in that short time I was extremely impressed with the helpfulness of the staff. The coffee service in the morning and wine service in the evening in the cozy lobby were nice touches. The room was unique and comfortable, however the bathroom was very small. All in all, this was a nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>To the rescue... My family sent my wife and I to Seattle for our anniversary to stay at the Fairmont, however the hotel double-booked our reservation leaving us stranded and offered no assistance to locate other accommodations. Thankfully my wife reminded me that when visiting San Francisco for holidays and shopping excursions, we typically stay at the Vintage Court, which has a sister, location in Seattle, The Vintage Park. Luckily, the Vintage Park was able to accommodate us in a beautifully decorated room. The surroundings effortlessly exude romance and warmth, staff remembered our names, the in house restaurant served a menu permitting us to taste the best that Seattle had to offer and the wine reception was something to help kick off the evening on the right note. Needless to say, my wife and I felt like honeymooners all over again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Worth a Try Stay: June 5 - 8, 2004Had fun. Nice people and good service; very quiet location; within walking distance* to Pike Place Market. First room was small but nice. Second time, paid a little more but room was worth the extra money. Went through Priceline, choose 5 star hotel. *Downhill to Market/uphill back- and I do mean uphill  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude hotel clerks The hotel clerks were rude and not helpful with anything we needed. They would not go out of their way to help us. We needed transportation information and all we received were blank stares. We will never stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect time! We just got back into town from Seattle and I just wanted to express how wonderful the Hotel Vintage was for a vacation! I booked the trip in March of this year and right from the beginning I knew that our stay would be a terrific experience. Upon booking I asked to receive some information about things to do in Seattle. I went to my mail box two days later and there it was! The hotel staff was fun, helpful and very accommodating! The rooms were clean and the beds extra comfortable! We enjoyed a delicious cup of coffee every morning along with a newspaper. The afternoon wine tastings were a wonderful way to meet people from all over. Words cannot express how pleased and impressed we were with Hotel Vintage!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VictoriaResident
<Content>This Hotel Saved Me From Being Sleepless in Seattle Thank you to this beautiful hotel who saved me from the scariest hotel ever!! I called almost in tears from another hotel I was booked in to and the desk clerk found me a room and gave me a great rate even though the city was almost sold out!!! They even asked me if I preferred red or white wine and had my choice waiting for me in my room when I arrived. Now THAT is service!!! The room was huge and the decor was beautiful!!! I love this hotel and it is my #1 choice when I stay in Seattle. The staff are great and so are the door man. Great location, great rooms, loved it all, will be back!!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why the negative reviews? A great hotel! I've stayed at the HVP several times with my wife with no complaints. I would not take our children there as we see this property as a getaway weekend hotel. The rooms we usually reserve are not large enough to accomodate all of us. A larger room exists and has a fireplace, but it is pricey and there's only one. There are other hotels for families in town, such as the Four Seasons-larger rooms are to be found there. Location of HVP is excellent, the rooms always clean, the staff cheerful and professional, parking (valet) efficient...and Tulio's restaurant has always been a hit. I had some trouble with reserving a room online a few years ago and called the hotel and got an outstanding rate. The wine reception is fun. For it's shortcomings (smaller property) I still rank it very highly for weekends away in Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rebelelement
<Content>Consistent quality and charm This property was revealed to me by a trusted friend. I've stayed there 4 times in the past 4 years with rare problems. My only concern was the parking attendants during one stay were somewhat curt. Otherwise, the rooms were clean, the lobby charming, the location great, the valet service good and quick, Tulio's is outstanding and this hotel is our first pick always.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lvany
<Content>Average Experience at the Vintage Park I am originally from Washington but now live in NY, so when I brought my husband for a stay in Seattle, I stumbled across the Hotel Vintage Park. Originally, I wanted to stay at the Alexis, but was sold out. The Alexis informed me that HVP is the sister hotel, so I expected equal service. I booked a suite for a higher price, hoping to have some room to be comfortable. The suite was really just a studio - 1 room with a king bed and a sofa and chair against the wall. Do not expect a view, there is none. The hotel does have charm, it is warm and enviting with the dark woodwork and the rooms are themed around wineries.Location is good - walking distance to restaurants, theater, Pike Place, etc. Did not have a problem with service, although we ordered champagne that was gastronomically marked up in price.If you kind find a great rate and are looking for a place to hang your hat while you roam around the city, this hotel is a good fit. If you are looking for service, space and luxury, try the Sorrento.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>website decieving Room was very small and had a view of the ywca housing! no amenities....tiled spa means bathroom. could have stayed at a nicer hotel for the $$$ but seemed unique.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected More I was impressed with the internet site's pictures and decided to splurge on a room in this hotel for the 2 days I needed to stay in Seattle to write a board exam. I needed to cram and the room provided the quite and comfy furniture. I was not impressed with the cleanliness however and although I can't confirm the source I caught one of the worst colds I had in my life within 24 hours of checking in. I'm sure it must have been from the much fingerprint smudged tv remote. I will never touch another TV hotel remote again. I was also charged for the missing corkscrew in my room but they were nice about when I protested I was innocent and they refunded the credit card charge. Staff overall was very helpful.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We thought the hotel was great. The room was beautiful. Best night sleep in a hotell in our lives! Staff was very friendly and very helpful. Great location  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best Hotel to relax and enjoy yourself The comfortable, intimate lobby with a fire burning in the fireplace, as I drank my morning coffee. This is how I begin every morning at the Vintage Park hotel. And as I end my day of business, I head back to the same quaint lobby to unwind and enjoy a wine tasting gathering that is unique each night. I always look forward to my next stay at the Vintage Park Hotel in Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so charming I made my reservation two months in advance- I ended up with a room that had some undesirable leftovers from the previous boarder. The rooms were not very clean and the desk staff was not well seasoned in how to interact with guests. The only bonus was the location- close to downtown and markets. However,I will certainly not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisey and not as nice as I expected. I work in Seattle but live on Whidbey Island, and Occasionally I spend a weekend in the city. I spent a fair amount of time looking over the hotels listed at trip advisor, and, decided on this hotel because it looked very nice on the web. I was pretty disappointed when I got to the room as it was not as nice as the Alexis, Inn at the Market, or Sorrento (others I've stayed at). The room had wear and tear (broken door on the amour, no fan in the bathroom, broken lock on the mini bar), and I was expecting luxury linens on the bed for the price I was paying. The worst part was the jack hammers from the construction just outside my window on Friday evening due to construction of the new library. The noise subsided by about 7:30pm but got me off to a bad start for this weekend at The Hotel Vintage Park. There was also noise in the morning as cement was being poured for the street. I called the front desk to see if we could be moved to another room but there were no rooms available. It turned out to be an expensive and noisey weekend.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No other hotel comes close! The accomadations, the staff, the location- was the best of anyplace I've ever stayed in any city. Not to the mention the wonderful wine tasting evenings and equally wonderful guests. I will never stay anywhere else in Seattle!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Plan to Stay Here Again Later This Month!!!! We have stayed here at the Vintage a number of times over the past year and have not been disappointed. The front desk is always friendly and helpful. The seem to really mean it! Applies to rest of staff too. We'll be staying here later this month while attending a show at the 5th Avenue theater. Recommend this friendly little hotel to anyone staying in downtown Seattle!!!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely hotel   showReview(1375113, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BriggsHill
<Content>My Favorite Hotel   showReview(1370711, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay!!   showReview(1272595, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gave our paid room away   showReview(1269965, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like a fine, rare wine!   showReview(1226789, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dick531
<Content>Charming   showReview(1218732, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vintage was comfortable.   showReview(1137584, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased.   showReview(1135377, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful place   showReview(1073256, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉栥儐銈ｃ儍銈儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19930223, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

