<Author>NickDAustralia
<Content>OK hotel, anoying location The Shinjuku New City Hotel was a perfectly adequate hotel. While it was dated, my room was large, quiet and clean and the bed was fairly comfortable. The staff were efficient and all spoke good English and I had no hassles checking in or out. The only thing which bugged me about the hotel was that accessing the internet is very expensive (100 yen for 10 minutes).Despite that, I wouldn't recommend this hotel for tourists due to its annoying location. The hotel is a boring 15-20 minute walk to Shinjuku Station (which is the closest interchange station - Tochame station is about 5 minutes away, but is only on one line, and it's not easy to change lines in the vast Shinjuku station) . To make matters worse I couldn't find any interesting restaurants (or many restaurants at all) closer than the station area. This probably isn't an issue if you're traveling for business and are working in west Shinjuku, but for tourists its a real pain to face a long and uninteresting walk every time you come and go from the hotel. It would be worth paying a bit more to be closer to the station and Shinjuku's excellent shops and nightlife.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	2	3	2	

<Author>smagey
<Content>Beware aircon and heating not working in Oct I booked this hotel through asiarooms.com, which advertised heating and cooling. After payment went through, they then sent an email saying that repairs were being done throughout October and the hotel would provide extra bedclothes if you are cold! Unless you don't mind not having any heating or cooling, I suggest choosing elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>levingetskitty
<Content>Good value for money - would recommend I spent a lot of time researching hotels in Tokyo and thought this one looked like the best value for money in a good location. And fortunately, I wasn't wrong. Yes, it is a little dated... and perhaps the 'new' should be amended to '70s' but it is clean, convenient, has a/c (which is an absolute must at this time of year), and has internet access (not wireless unfortunately) in the room.As already mentioned by some of these reviews, the bathroom is a little small but since Tokyo is limited on space and the nation doesn't have a problem with obesity, it's understandable. And the shower is great which is a massive plus. The really odd thing about the toilet is that it starts to flush as soon as you sit down (I think I read somewhere that the Japanese do this to mask natural noises!) - the only problem with this is if you are sharing a room and have to get up in the middle of the night and are trying to be as quiet as possible!Other than that, there is everything you'd expect from a hotel (plus kimonos and slippers!) and it is good to have the BBC world service (what would we do with out the BBC?) on tv.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ampiBud
<Content>Great location, great service, wonderful people I am pleased that I could travel to Tokyo, met those people, and stayed in a hotel like this. I lived on the 14th floor for 10 nights and the view and the whole thing was just amazing. You won't get a much better room or kinder treatment in the Hilton on the opposite side of the park but it will cost you at least two times more. This is a good budget hotel and has everything you need to spend your nights there.They have a coach to and from the Shinjuku train station which is quite handy if it's raining but you should also try the moving pavements in the tunnel from the station to the Government Buildings.I would not hesitate staying here again any time.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iTwins
<Content>Spacious and lovely park view hotel       Park view - Look front  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>TavelLite
<Content>EnjoyedJapan PROS:  Breakfast buffet was not bad; Free internet; Free shuttle bus to and from Shinjuku Train Station; Helpful Staffs who speak English; Near convenient store and grocery store; Restaurant in the hotel is good and efficient; Rooms are clean and spacious for Japan; Hot water kettle in room; Ice Cream and Soda vending machine prices aren't more than grocery store; HairDryer, toothbrush, comb provided.CONS:Breakfast buffet is exactly the same everyday; No shuttle bus from 11:30am-4:30pm; Washroom is very small; When room window is open, it's very noisy; 10am check out time  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeanie215
<Content>Good Value, Location Hotel We were surpriesed that the rooms were spacious and clean, and the location of the hotel is good and they have shutter service to the shinjuku station which is 5mins away. The staff were very helpful. We will definitely go back to this hotel again if we visit Tokyo again. Jeanie  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>esnam
<Content>Great value       our room  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ali1ali
<Content>Good value hotel The room was clean, spacious and had everything you need. The location is good, next to the Government Buildings, a visit to which is a must for the stunning city view from the top. Considering the price, I found this to be a great value hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>elbeeperth
<Content>Great 2 weeks I am from Perth, australia and we just returned from 2 weeks at Shinjuku New City Hotel. I stayed with my 12yo and 7yo. It was brilliant. We had a triple room, which i thought was a great size, service was excellent, it was no fuss. I took my laptop and used their internet connection kit - i used the internet to stay in touch with home and to plan our next day's activities and work out the trains etc. it was great. the internet was free. there are some computers at reception for public use.There are many convenience stores in the area - say 4 within a couple of hundred metres of the hotel. You can buy nearly everything at these stores - meals included - they will heat them up for you if you need to. There are at least 2 McDonalds (i did have a 7yo boy...) within very easy walking and many, many eating places close by.The Park across the road is excellent and we spent a bit of time there too. totally safe and many, many local families used the park. The stray cats with mangled tails did catch our attention tho...Homeless people - some people have commented on this - they are absolutely no problem at all, they do not look at you, they keep to themselves and do not interact. we found them harmless and fascinating (yet sad) - they are a part of Tokyo - all over Tokyo, not just in this suburb.Coin Laundry!!!!! - we had to ask reception a couple of times - but they came through with a map and it was within 2MINUTES walking from the hotel. 24 hour coin laundry. it was great.Shuttle bus - absolutely brililant - we used it every day, we found it easy to find and always on time. We also walked to and from shinjuku station all the time - at all hours of the day. There was absolutely no question of ever feeling unsafe - remember i was with 2 kids also - the latest we walked home from 11.30 at night though - to most japanese people this isnt regarded as 'night time'.Taxis - there are taxis everywhere! They do not speak english and will need you to point to a map or have an address written in Kanji.Smoking - for a supposedly non smoking floor - no one obeys this rule. it did bother us a fair bit that we could smell the people from the next room. we foudn that most rooms around us were business people staying for 1 night.We found that the guests were mostly Japanese people - either touring in their own country, large school groups or business people. Some foreignors - but not many. Our room did not have a view - we looked out onto the next apartment building. this didnt worry us at all. The building is being renovated and the outside of the front of it has netting over it so at the moment - the views wouldnt be great.Daily cleaning - the state of the room was very clean. You are expected to be out of your room by 930 or 10am every day while the cleaners do all rooms on 1 floor. sometimes this bothered us as we could never sleep in - but then again it got us up and moving. We could have always put a Do not disturb sign up, but we just used the reason to get out for the day.the bathroom is a small 'unit' with a shower over a bath with a toilet and basin. Totally usable and great.The pillows - some people have commented on these. Ours were half and half - half western style on 1 side and if you turned it over you got the rice husk side. You could choose.The beds were wonderful and made up each day with clean sheets.Food - we didnt have breakfast included and we never ate at the restaurant so i cannot comment.I hope this has helped some people, especially those with families. I would choose this place again. It is a business hotel - meaning you dont get the gloss and glitter, just good basic services as a good price. that is what i wanted.Leisa from Perth, WA  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>travelforsnow
<Content>Good Location-Value for money Good location..close enough to Shinjuku station for an easy walk.Hotel shuttle bus available, but can be tricky to find the first time.Rooms average size for japan, and very clean.Decor a little dated.Counter service average. Would saty there again  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Carrieringwald
<Content>Adequate, Clean Hotel We went for the super-delux room, since it had a bigger bed. It was still smallish by American standards, but the room was clean and quiet. The shower was hot with a strong water flow. The bed headboard has these 70's style controls for the lights, alarm, air conditioner, etc, but it has a particular retro charm. The staff was friendly and helpful. There's also a free hotel shuttle that will take you to the Shinjuku Station, while not important since you can walk there, it is helpful when you get ready to leave and have luggage with you. There's also internet in the lobby for 100 yen per ten minutes. There's no room service but there's a vending machine for sodas, water, beer, shaving kits and Japanese snacks near the elevators. The location is good, next to a quiet park and close to Shinjuku station, where you can catch a subway to another district. Next to the hotel is a coffee shop for those that love coffee. However, it is not open on Sunday (or if it is, it opens late). Getting there: take the Narita Express from the airport to the Shinjuku station. Take the east exit and then hail a taxi. Have the address written down and the driver will punch it in his GPS. Costs about $7-$8 to take a taxi from Shinjuku station to the hotel. You can book through expedia or travelocity, but it's cheaper to book through the hotels website.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>jackdripper
<Content>Good value/Location       view from room window  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>daffykk
<Content>I won't stay there again My friend and I stayed there for 5 nites and both of us hated it. Since we have paid for the whole stay before we got there, we did not have option to change the hotel. The rooms were very small and have some bad smell (we both are 5ft 2 girls). We booked a twin bed room and they gave us a queen size bed room due to no more rooms availble. So we had to wait until somebody check out. The staffs were not friendly at all except ony one. I don't know if because their culture, I don't think they repect women. They are pretty rude when I asked them questions compare to other Japanese people. With the room price they charged, I for sure can find better hotel. My friend said it is wose than Motel 6 in the US.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	4	

<Author>Notelle
<Content>Good value, great location The Shinjuku station is overwhelmingly big and crowded and it is extremely difficult to find the correct exit to catch the hotel's courtesy bus, if you are not familiar with it and are saddled with heavy suitcases on arrival. But this hotel is not far from the station by taxi - and therefore a reasonable price to pay for comfort. Taxi drivers are well aware of this hotel; they are also very honest and therefore won't take you via Mt Fuji. (They won't accept tips either!)My first impression of this hotel was mixed. I wasn't expecting such a huge chandelier in the lobby of a 2 star hotel and there was a strange, almost unpleasant, smell in the place. (But that was the only time I really noticed it).The staff at the reception desk were friendly, polite, spoke English and treated us with the usual Japanese respect. Booking in was efficient and the lifts were so appreciated. Our room was basic - neither small nor large and quite adequate for our needs. The beds were comfortable and I was pleased to note that this Japanese hotel had western type pillows. In the past I have stayed in hotels where they had pillows which appeared to be stuffed with rice husks.Everything was spotlessly clean and well maintained. Our bathroom was terrific, it included a very modern toilet with more buttons than I knew what to do with, and there was also a deep Japanese bath to relax in.There was a window, but the view was only suitable if you wanted to spend your days watching what other people were doing in their rooms across the way. (Like the lady who spent ages with a toothbrush and Jiff, cleaning the bird poo off her window sills).We did not try the breakfasts in the hotel as we bought our food at a convenience store only a few doors down the street. It was very handy and they sold almost everything. We did try the Mermaid Restaurant and enjoyed a few lovely dinners there. Part of my enjoyment of that restaurant was the fact that you could sit at a table, eat and watch people pass by (whilst smoking a cigarette after the meal - something unheard of now, in our neck of the woods.)Once we were free of toting our luggage, we took full advantage of the courtesy bus and found it to be absolutely punctual and perfect for our needs. Although we were still struggling to find the correct exit on the way out of the station, until I had the bright idea to ask the man at reception to write the name of the exit on a piece of paper in Japanese - which we then flashed in front of whoever offered to help us when we looked lost. It worked like a charm.The actual location of the hotel is excellent. So close to the Shinjuku city centre and station, near a nice park and within an easy walking distance of the Government towers (which provide as good a view as the Tokyo tower without the queues and tourist fees.)Yes, we did see several homeless people in the park near the Government buildings but they were certainly not urinating in public. They sat reading their papers, or dozing, next to their bikes and boxes and minded their own business. They did not threaten us or make us feel unsafe. One of them was actually busy washing his clothes with soap and water from the public tap. Just because someone is homeless does not automatically make them a low character!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ormeaugirl
<Content>overall a great experience If you don't know Shinjuku station very well, then I would suggest that on your arrival, you take a taxi to the hotel. The daily shuttle is a great service provided by the hotel, but it is tricky to find the location of the shuttle if you don't know where to look. The taxi ride costs only the basic fare of 640 Yen. The location of this hotel is really great though and only a very short walk up the road to the neon lights of Electric Street where you can find many Japanese style eateries amongst the hubbub of people out shopping for bargains. The hotel room was very good for the price and the English speaking staff were generally very helpful. Each morning, the breakfast (included in our package) was tasy and provided both western style and Japanese. My one complaint is that because we travelled with a child, we were forced to book a triple room, and despite booking and requesting a queen size bed some 5 months in advance, the hotel was unable to accomodate our request. My husband and I spent the whole week in rather hard single beds with possibly the hardest, most uncomfortable pillows in the world! Overall though, we had a great stay and would definitely recommend the Shinjuku New City Hotel, just on location alone.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>japan_01
<Content>Bad, unwelcoming, poor service, tiny room I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worse enemies DOG. I can honestly say that this Hotel has NOTHING going for it. It's location is a 15min stroll from Shinjuku station but dont be surprised if you see homeless people urinating on the walkways. The area is really run down and is home to many homeless people. Although the hotel (I dont think it can be called a hotel) has a shuttle bus, it only runs from 7:30am - 12pm and 4pm - 10pm. Not to mention the size is not big enough to fit the HUGE amount of guests staying at the hotel. I have also never experienced a hotel that requires FULL payment on arrival. The hotel asked for the full amount prior to even seeing the hotel room which I thought was dodgy and questioned but they insisted it was hotel policy. I now know why they ask for the $$$ on arrival. The rooms are tiny and we were given a King size SINGLE (non exagerration) for the two of us to sleep on. We told the hotel that we had booked a Double room and they said that it was their Double room. If you are considering booking this hotel due to it's relative cheap price, I would recommend you check the room before handing over the $$$. We were going to change hotels until we realised it was an 80% cancellation fee. Dont expect to be spoken to in English. Have your dictionaries and thinking caps on when trying to communicate. However, the Hotel must be commended on its excellent cleanliness which was flawless.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>70s style in shinjuku This hotel is a great find. The lobby's 70s style chandeliers are probably its most distinguished decorative feature, but the rooms are clean, pleasant and fairly spacious and the windows open, which does not appear to be a given in Japan. The staff are friendly and although you need to know the timetable to get much use out of the shuttle bus it's a short walk to Shinjuku station through a small park and past the iconic Municipal Government Towers.There are intruiging refreshment options in the vending machines on each floor but the hotel's one downside is its overpriced restaurant. Whilst are plenty of other lunch and dinner options in the immediate area, you may find yourself stuck for breakfast. If you are too hungry to walk to the station there's a convenience store a couple of minutes away (go out of the hotel and turn right). A minute further is the Park Hyatt Hotel where you can spend the money you saved on accommodation in the New York Grill.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mir222
<Content>Great Location, Great Price Great location - one block from the Government Towers and 15mins walk to Shinjuku station. The surrounding area is safe and quiet. Our triple room was clean and spacious. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. This is a great place to stay in Shinjuku.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>houndtang
<Content>Good hotel Shinjuku New City is a decent hotel, the rooms are small (no cupboard) but well-equipped with toothbrush, pyjamas if you need them, etc. There is coin operated internet access in the lobby and a passable if bland restaurant. They can post your cards or letters for you which is handy and there is a shuttle bus to and from Shinjuku station which is very useful.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fishgod1010
<Content>Great Value We (3 adults) just got back from our stay here and overall, it was a good experience - with a couple of catches. First, mid-Sept proved to be quite hot in Tokyo with the usual high humidity. The hotel air conditioning was working, but not that strong. When the weather cooled down, the hotel was much more enjoyable. Second, the location is great (quiet and a bit residential feeling) and a bit of a walk to Shinjuku Station (15 minutes or so). The free shuttle is convenient and used frequently by hotel guests. Regarding the room, I somehow neglected to take any photos of it, but it was exactly as pictured on their webpage. We reserved the triple room and we were not disappointed. The staff was extremely helpful and even ordered a Domino's Pizza for us during the only break we took away from the great Japanese food of Tokyo. Only on the last day did we actually explore the immediate area around the hotel and we all felt that we should have not defaulted to getting to Shinjuku Station so early each morning and instead, tried to discover the nuisances around our hotel. The overwhelming-ness of Shinjuku Station is legendary and it also did not disappoint so, the New City Hotel's area is a nice break. We ate at the hotel breakfast buffet (about $17 USD p/p) and it was okay. Half Japanese food and half American/Western food. The hotel primarily caters towards Japanese guests (about 99 percent - I would estimate) and that actually added to the ambiance. This is not a Marriott nor did I want it to be. The rooms are cleaned each morning at about 10am via an orchestrated army of personnel wherein the entire floor of rooms have the doors opened and the service commences. It is actually quite a site to behold, so I think if you are hoping for a late checkout I just do not see how it would be possible. The 100 yen / 10 minute internet computer in the lobby was handy and generally available (as there are 4 or 5 terminal, I think). Would I stay here again? Yes. I would probably choose another district - just for a change of scenery, but the hotel was a great value for the location and it's proximity.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bob73
<Content>Review Of The New City Hotel, Shinjuku. By Tokyo standards this hotel was very cheap. I booked on-line via their own dedicated website and got my single room for about 拢43 per night. This was in December 2004. As I recall the double/twin was only about 拢65, again, very cheap for Tokyo. We had originally tried to book the Shinjuku Washington but it's ancient website had a bug which wouldn't allow us to complete the booking and when my Japanese friend called to make a reservation they wouldn't honour theInternet Special price, despite the fact the website wasn't working!Having stayed in Tokyo on two previous ocassions the size of the room was a pleasent surprise. Obviously it was a good bit smaller than we're used to in the West but it was by no means as small as the rabbit hutches I'd stayed in previously. Enough room for a table and chairs though wardrobe space was limited.The room was superclean and well equipped although a bit tired looking. Staff were OK though we didn't really have much need to call on their help at any point. Those we did speak to spoke good English.there are two internet terminals located in the lobby.Where the New City comes into it's own though is in location. It's about a ten minute walk down a straight road from the heart of Shinjuku which to my mind is the perfect Tokyo location in terms of convenience for the rest of the city and also because there's so much for you to do right on your doorstep.If you can't be bothered with the ten minute walk there's a free mini bus which leaves every half hour and takes you to Shinjuku Station in 5 minutes. Right next to the New City is a very nice park and also the Park Hyatt Hotel which is where the Narita Shuttle will drop you off and pick you up. The Park Hyatt is also well worth a visit for the bars and restaurants on the upper floors. The views of neon lit Shinjuku at night and Mount Fuji during the day are amazing. They do an Evening Tea deal which is about 拢20 a head for complimentary food and drink for two hours anytime between 5 and 9pm.All in all I would say that the New City represents fantastic value for money and is in a location which to my mind couldn't be bettered.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value for tokyo.... prime location! what a great deal for tokyo! rooms are considerably cheaper than anywhere else in the shinjuku area. sure, the rooms are kind of small, but i don't need a huge room. the front desk staff is very helpful and they even have a FREE shuttle bus from shinjuku station. GREAT place!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toniton
<Content>Hotel correcto en el area de negocios       Vista de la habitaci贸n  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne situation   showReview(11662082, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

