<Author>paulineNewcastle
<Content>One of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. The Four Seasons Sydney's staff are very professional and friendly.My mum was ill on our arrival after a long flight from Dubai. The door staff helped her into the hotel,and found her a seat while I checked in. As our room was not ready we had some lunch. We had to wait about an hour.Our room had fantastic views. But all we wanted to do was go to bed. It was so quiet we slept until the next day.Breakfast was brilliant lots of variety.We enjoyed our visit so much. We stayed a week later before a flight to Fiji.I have read the reviews. And if people find fault with the Four Seasons. They have obviously not travelled as much as me.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peace&Harmony
<Content>Not a Four Seasons Experience I was disappointed with our stay at the four seasons since it was not the standard that I expected it to be although considering the price that we paid for the room via hotel club, I should not have been surprised.The receptionists and all of the staff were very helpful and friendly on the plus side. Also our breakfasts were good.On the downside, our room was very small, the choice of movies was poor, the swimming pool area was very dated and not positioned in a good place right under the flyover. One of our evening meals (taken in the room) was dried out and not of a great standard and the vegetarian options in the restaurant were not brilliant.Despite many reviewers saying how comfortable the beds are, my partner and I prefer our beds a little harder and we had trouble sleeping for the first two nights as we were lost in both the beds and the pillows. A bed board which was added did not help although we were grateful for the offer.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DaisyKent4
<Content>Best hotel Ive ever stayed in       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vissi87
<Content>Four Seasons is not up to scratch       Exterior of hotel  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>LizzyS
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Stayed at the Four Seasons in Sydney whilst getting married. Would recommend this hotel particularly for a special ocassion. We upgraded for $30 per night to a deluxe room which was worth it. We had already booked a full harbour view room and it was well worth the money. The staff were exceptional and even offered to open up the whole business centre floor at 3am for my partner to go on the internet! If you can afford it stay there and even if you can't book the lowest rated room and upgrade on your arrival. We booked direct with the hotel which I think is better as most search engines don't include breakfast (which was also fab,) and we got a $150 voucher for the spa included. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajmith
<Content>Not really worthy of the Four Seasons brand Recently stayed at the Four Seasons for six nights. Best bits were view of opera house and bridge, and the super-comfortable beds.Bar prices were I thought very reasonable. Buffet breakfast was extremely poor for a supposed five star hotel. The views are what makes this hotel worth staying in. It is an average four star hotel, but certainly is head and shoulders below that which you normally associate with the Four Seasons brand.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>lovetojourney
<Content>Heavenly bed, best views, close to attractions Had a two day break in beautiful Sydney. Were lucky to be upgarded (no extra charge b/c of previous business trip visits) to a large, newly refurbished room on the 27th floor. Had 2 windows at either end of the angular room - one overlooking office buildings,  the other with a partial Harbour Bridge view. The bathroom was big, with a separate shower/bath/toilet area and a double sink area. Timeless, fully tiled marble in terracotta colours and quality toiletries.Apart from the view, the main highlight of out stay was the heavenly bed. So high from the ground we had to step up to reach it! Luxurious pillow-top mattress, yet firm  supportive. The quilts and huge pillows were SOOO comfortable. It really seemed we were sleeping in the clouds! First night we were sent some fruit  a juice as a welcome gift - a nice touch. We ate the buffet breakfast on both mornings - fresh and delicious and reasonable value for a 5* hotel. All in all a great stay at an excellent hotel in a brilliant position. Just walk out the door  in 3 minutes you are at the Harbour enjoying the famous sights. The Rocks area is also on your doorstep. So much to see  do. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tricker74
<Content>Great Location We paid a small upgrade fee to stay in a newly refurbished City View room, which was small but really nicely decorated. Great free Occitane products in the bathroom, lovely high quality sheets and EXTREMELY comfortable bed.What made the stay for me was the wonderful spa treatment I had. It was really superb and very reasonably priced. Also there's a fantastic outdoor pool and bar area on 3rd floor, and a very well equipped gym. We didn't eat in the restaurant but the room service was very good value and well above average.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>enceladus
<Content>Beautiful but something was missing Okay, this place is beautiful. It has amazing views of the harbor. That's the reason we stayed there for the first 2 nights of our honeymoon. We loved the comfy bed and the L'Occitane products. We liked the rooftop pool and hot tub as well as the gym. This place is nice in every sense. My husband and I felt it was so fancy we were almost uncomfortable wearing casual clothes around. We also felt that for the price of our room we were entitled to certain things like free wi-fi, which costs $30/day. It seems that the more expensive the hotel, the more you pay for simple things that are free at most hostels. The Four Seasons is no different than other high-end hotels in this respect. We also felt like we didn't get a feeling for how the locals lived. Later in our trip we enjoyed staying in a less touristy neighborhood and exploring the local restaurants. In that way we got a much better feel for life in Sydney. So if you want to be pampered and aren't concerned with local life, stay at the Four Seasons. Like I said, it is very nice, you just get a feeling that you're in a bubble after a while.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>outdoorsfans
<Content>Tired rooms, poor service, noisy refurbishment Myself and my new husband stayed at this hotel recently as part of our honeymoon. We stayed at a total of 8 properties during our 3 week trip to Australia and this is the only one that will be getting a negative review.Firstly the plus points- fantastic location which could not be better, and stunning views of the bridge and Opera house. The concierge were very helpful and friendly, the guy who brought our bags up was lovely, and they were also able to recommend some good restaurants. For me- thats it.The room itself was very tired, the furniture was a bit 80's and although everything was very clean, it just did not have the high quality finish and look I was expecting for a hotel chain with this reputation. It just was not in my opinion of 4* quality. Another thing which I really found irritating was the lack of mirror over the dressing/writing table. The only mirror for applying my make up was in the bathroom, and it may just be me but I like to sit down in front of the mirror and take my time getting ready! I guess if we had not paid so much for the room I would not have had such an issue but I just felt it was not good value for money. I also think it did not help that we had stayed in a Shangri La hotel in Hong Kong and not only were the rooms stunning but they absolutely gave us the special treatment. The other major gripe I have with this hotel is that there were definately some form of room refurbishments going on while we were there on the floor above ours. On the first day we arrived we were very tired from our flights and attemtped to have a pre dinner nap at around 4.30pm, however there was very loud banging and drilling from above. I called reception and explained and they told me there was work going on but it would be finished by 5pm. I asked if this was going to continue throughout our stay and was told it was but that it would only be between the hours of 9am and 5pm. I was not really happy with this as we were not warned of any refurbishment when we booked, but I decided to let it lay as figured I was probablly just grumpy from the long flight and lack of sleep! The next morning I had to ring reception again when the work had clearly started at 8am, I was prettty much fobbed off and told as far as they were concerned it was not supposed to start until 9am. Nobody came back to me and I relaised at that stage nobody was interested. The next morning as we were leaving there was drilling from above which started at 7.30am. Its not even so much the noise that upset me but the the complete lack of service that went with it or follow up of my complaint.The hotel does need some updating so I can understand why it is going on but I feel you should be made aware when booking if you are going to be disturbed by noise during your stay.Another thing which I found a little annoying was that twice they came around to do the turn down service at around 6.30pm whilst we were getting ready to go out for the evening. Surely most people at this time in the evening are having showers etc.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>LSCats
<Content>Really nice I was very pleased with my 4 day stay at Four Seasons Sydney.I thought that my Opera View room was adequately sized and nicely appointed. It was very quiet. I could never even hear the A/C.  Although my room was not ready when I arrived at 9:00 a.m., I was allowed full use of the spa, fitness room and pool. I worked out in the fitness room, had a dip in the pool and jacuzzi, showered and changed for the day. My room was available at about 11 a.m.The only negatives about my room were that only instant coffee was provided to use with the French Press coffee maker and the make-up mirror was mounted (obviously by a 6 foot plus person) way too high for use by the average woman. The location could not be beat. Even if I stayed in another hotel I would definitely choose the Circular Quay/Rocks area again. I could walk to the Opera House, Ferry terminal, botanic gardens, modern art museum, Sydney Bridge, weekend market and all the shops and restaurants in the Rocks area. The concierge desk was very helpful in recommending tours and restaurants. The restaurants in the hotel were very expensive but there are numerous options outside of the hotel and the concierge was good about recommending inexpensive cafes for breakfast (not just pointing to the hotel dining room as would occur in some other hotels). There is no extra charge for use of the well equipped spa fitness room, sauna and steam rooms. Coffee, tea, juice and fruit are complimentary in the spa all day.The price for my room was actually less than a comparable room at the nearby Marriott and I was able to get a weekend discount for Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights, which was not offered by other hotels. I would definitely return to the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wine_Merchant
<Content>The Finale After 5 Reviews After writing 5 reviews of this hotel and having first stayed here in 1985 it is finally over. Each visit in the last few years has shown a more tired, less professional, shabbier and incredibly a more pretentious hotel. As the hotel has declined the staff has become more haughty. Particularly the front desk which has a collection of snooty youngsters with a total lack of a service mind set. An early arrival is always fraught with problems (one has little choice about when to arrive due to airline schedules). To be lectured on the official check in time is not much appreciated after a long and sleepless journey. Paying top dollar for a corner full harbor and opera house view room (which we always book) the one we were finally given (1709) after 2 hours of housekeeping and being totally ignored for over 3 hours was hardly the spectacular view of previous rooms we have enjoyed. If you looked to the left from the small window you saw the bridge, if you looked to the right the opera house! For that and a old Nokia TV (yes Nokia) and shabby sofa with stains you pay $600 per night. Still charging for internet for premium rooms this once great hotel which stood above all others in Sydney has finally hit the bottom and after 23 years of patronage this is one customer who will never return. Kables is not worth eating in any more.Even the shabby room could have been tolerated with a more cordial and helpful reception. We stay at Four Seasons Hotels throughout the world and this one has now become an embarassment to the brand. The front desk would be a scandal at Courtyard by Marriott. Each review we have written has shown a rapid deterioration of service and ammenities. The bathrooms and marble showers are still wonderful and the beds are comfortable but those things can be found at many other hotels in Sydney. Goodbye, Four Seasons Sydney- you are not what you used to be and we are now researching a new hotel for the next visit to Sydney.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>ilana613
<Content>Tired - Needs updating. On arriving at the hotel after a 10 hour flight we found that they did not have intercommunicating rooms as we had specifically requested.They tried to make out it was our fault, but when we told them that we were on a round the world trip and every other hotel had got it right, they changed their attitude and managed to find us two intercomunicating rooms but as one was a suite there would be an extra charge, which they reduced because of the mix up.Apart from that the service in the hotel was faultless, and apart from the rooms being old fashioned, we were very happy. If I was to go back again and the hotel had not been renovated I would opt to stay at the Observatory instead.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>ClassyLad
<Content>"Five * Seasons" - The best views and service This hotel is located in a great location on the door step of Circular Quay and The Rocks. The service was outstanding. On check in they even remembered my name despite the booking being in my partner's name. The hotel is a refurburbished older style building so the rooms have a 'make-do' feel given the space Four Seasons had to work with. The standard rooms are not huge but very comfortable. The bathroom is small but not annoyingly so. What I do love is the impressive view - no matter how many times you see the harbour you can never tire of its beauty. You can't beat overlooking the Opera House and Harbour Bridge as the ferries come and go in Circular Quay. It may not be the most modern in appearance but this hotel is definitely modern by experience.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4manns
<Content>Excellent hotel Our recent stay at the Four Seasons was excellent. The location was perfect for walking about Sydney or hopping on a ferry to various sights. We began our vacation here and stayed in the Opera House/harbor view room, which was gorgeous at night. We ended our vacation back in Sydney and returned to the Four Seasons- we could have chosen other hotels but returned because we liked it so much. On the second stay, we booked a city view room, which was fine. Both rooms were large and clean with very comfortable beds.The staff is very professional as well as friendly. There are endless fantastic restaurants in the area to choose from as well as great shopping. We most definitely enjoyed including the Four Seasons in Sydney as part of our Australia vacation!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ray Goldberg
<Content>Tired and pretty ordinary Check in was quick,easy and efficient but thats about where it stops.Don't be fooled by the Four Seasons name. This is a long way off its 5 star competitors in Sydney and I've stayed at quite a few.The rooms are very small and need serious updating. The TV is old with bad reception.The bathroom is even smaller.The room we stayed in had airconditioning problems. On my 4th call to management I demanded a room change. I received one.My recent review of the Shangri La encompassess everything that this hotel is not - quality.Pretentious exteriors does NOT make a 5 star hotel.Spend your money elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>d_nathan_99
<Content>Wow - What a view I stayed at the Four Seasons for 3 nights from 31st May and had the most amazing time.We booked a transfer from Sydney airport through the hotel and the transfer was so smooth. The check-in procedure is fantastic.We booked an Opera House room and it was stunning. The rooms are smaller than i thought but offered all 5 star products and services.Location is stunning and we managed to use trains, ferrys and taxis one minute from the hotel.I would stay here again and advise anyone to give the Four Seasons a try.Thank you for a great stay.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>996
<Content>Friday the 13th For a special occasion we stayed in a suite with a great view of Sydney harbour, bridge and opera house. The room was very spacious with one of the most comfortable beds upon which I have had the pleasure of sleeping. The suite was very subdued and understated in nature and consequently didn't have that true luxury feel I associate with Four Seasons properties.The Executive Club was an oasis of calm and quiet in the hotel with particularly nice staff and adequate facilities. Shame they didn't have the Veuve on tap like their Hong Kong counterpart.The location of this hotel is ideal for getting around Sydney's waterfront, the Rocks and George St and has easy access to the Harbour bridge and the northern suburbs. The outdoor pool and jacuzzi would be fantastic during the warmer weather and I enjoyed a steam and sauna to ease a few aching muscles.This hotel is really very good with committed, friendly staff but would benefit from an injection of cash and enthusiasm to spruce up some of its more dated and worn elements and could really improve its art work and floral displays.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>phi_rocks
<Content>Great views! This hotel is quality all the way.It's in a great location - near The Rocks and the rest of the city but not too close to the craziness of George St on a Saturday night. The views from our Full Harbour View Room on the 23rd floor were fantastic.The bedroom was adequate in size with a large wardrobe. It was probably one of the most comfortable beds I've slept on in a hotel in a long time! The nightly turndown service was a very nice surprise! They prepare the room for you so that when you get back from being out, it's like coming home. Music is playing, there is an ice bucket and everything is neat and tidy.The bathroom was nice with separate bath and shower (awesome shower head) and I really enjoyed using the L'Occitane products they provided. The bathrobes were a huge plus too.We went to the hotel bar, which was really nice. Great service and choice of drinks. Buffet breakfast at Kables ($37AUD pp), although a little expensive, is enjoyable and very filling.The Four Seasons is a wonderful hotel and I wouldn't hesitate staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RCRGator
<Content>Great Location - Ok Hotel Admittedly, we stayed at some very exceptional properties before we arrived at the Four Seasons in Sydney but I still expected more from The Four Seasons. First off, the rooms are eceptionally small - we're talking NY sized rooms or even smaller. The views were great though- we could see the Opera House and the bridge from our window. The bathrooms are pretty cramped as well and the shower had mold all along the bottom. The location of the hotel is great though - walking distance to major attractions. I was a little put off by a charge of $14 for 7.5 minutes of internet access in their business center - you're already paying a lot to stay there and for them to just charge egregiously for something as cheap as internet access is just inconsiderate to me. Breakfast was good and the selection was varied. One other major problem we had was we used the in-room safe to store valuables (mainly cash and camera) and were in a hurry to make our appointment at the bridge climb. I went to get our camera out and the safe malfunctioned so I called security to override the safe....it turned out that even the override wouldn't work. So we waited and waited and ended up finally just leaving for our big adventure without our camera (I was not happy about this).....the safe was finally opened when we got back but it took them quite some time (well over an hour). This was frustrating and concerning - what is there had been medication in the safe - it could have been trouble. Overall, the location was great but for the price and cramped space, I would try another hotel in the area.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	1	

<Author>Travelling_Deborah
<Content>Our home away from home in Sydney This is my favourite hotel in Sydney - and I am a local.Every few months I give my mother a treat at this hotel - and it is a treat for me.It is also my favourite place for a drink after work - great bar. More of that later.First stayng in the hotel - great beds, great bathrooms (with walk in separate showers). My mother (elderly and given to complaints) loves it.Room service is good - I note some people say expensive. It is room service.If you are lucky enough to get Tim to deliver it to your room, he will make your stay. He is the best advertisement for Four Seasons. His professionalism, friendliness and commitment to customer service is among the best I have encountered. Reception are unfailingly nice and helpful.Now the bar. Friendly bar people, behidn the bar or those who come to your table. It is a sophisticated spot for those who like to have a drink in civilised (ie. quiet and comfortable) surroundings. The quietness is complemented, ironically, by the music (Tuesday-Saturdays) - usually a pianist, but always appropriate and never intrusive.The only minor complaint is that the bar menu isn't that extensive - I would like to see something healthier, and lighter.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>ALEXANDER _123
<Content>Great hotel, great staff Spent 3 nights here in April. Had a room on the 29th floor with a partial view of the harbour. Room great, bathroom large,clean, great shower with L'occitane products (replaced when used), thick robes, loads of towels. The most comfortable bed I have slept in.Food in the bar very good, if a little pricey, but a good selection of wines by the glass. Had room service for an early breakfast one day which, for the price, was very good and served lavishly, nice linens and the table set up in front of the window etc.It was continental and we had only asked for a few danish and coffee, but also got cereals and croissants and butter and jam and so on. Any niggles? Well 2 incidents. That morning while we were eating breakfast in our room an air stewardess (with luggage) walked into our room. She had a key card which opened our door. So after a few 'Is this your room?' Oops sorry etc.. my husband said he would sort it out with the front desk.Meanwhile, I sat gazing over Sydney harbour in my robe finishing my coffee. Suddenly there was a loud whirring noise and I was face to face with 2 men standing a few feet away cleaning my window. Then the one guy gave me a thumbs up sign and winched his way down the building. It was all over in a few minutes.I was left contemplating the possible scenarios that they could have witnessed. You don't expect this on the 29th floor at 7.30 in the morning. We mentioned this (and the stewardess thing) to the Reception and received a plate of hand made chocolates delivered to the room and a hand written apology from the Manager. It did not affect my stay nor my opinion of the hotel overall. Would definitely recommend...  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bizotraveller
<Content>Fantastic room I got room 815 which although is on the lower levels, still has great views of the Opera house and the harbour. I'm thinking the higher rooms would be brilliant. Oh well maybe next time.But the room I got was excellent. Oversized and a very very sweet bed which i slept in like a baby. Room service was a little bit slow, but then again I wasn't timing them too much. The sashimi was a little bit pricey as well. I could have walked to a sushi shop and got a lot more for the same price.I've stayed in most hotels in Sydney and the four seasons ranks up there amongst the best.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CalLondon
<Content>Amazing view The staff were great, great location, amazing views but I think it could do with a little updating. We were upgraded to the 32nd floor and our suite had a fantastic view. We had stayed at the Four Seasons HK 3 weeks earlier which was just amazing so it is very hard not to compare.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Gallavanting Guy
<Content>Ideal location We stayed for three nights prior to embarking on a cruise to Los Angeles. The hotel was part of a Princess pre cruise package but we upgraded to a Harbour View Room. We were on floor 11 and the view was amazing. The hotel was smart and efficient as you would expect. We did not eat in the hotel as we wanted to see and experience as much of Sydney as we could in the short time we were there. The hotel is ideally situated right by Circular Quay for ferrys, Sydney Harbour Bridge Walk, The Rocks, Bus Terminal, Opera House and lots of restaurants and pubs. Our cruise ship also docked within walking distance of the hotel and was in fact parked almost under our window.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLKPerth
<Content>Very tired rooms        Room view  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	1	3	3	

<Author>Mirry
<Content>Five Star Stay We stayed in the Four Seasons as part of our work convention. We stayed for seven nights in a full harbour view room. From the moment you arrive at the hotel it is a five star welcome. Excellent reception staff and check in procedure. Room was a little small (have to expect this is a city hotel) but very comfortable and everything is supplied.We had breakfast in our room the first morning which was the best breakfast ever! We also attended events in the meeting rooms and the ballroom all of which were excellent - food and drinks very good.No complaints with this hotel at all - excellent location in the city and shops/internet/laundry access just outside the hotel. Very close to the Rocks area, Opera House, Botanic Gardens and many good bars!! You will NEVER want to leave.Staying at this hotel is an absolute luxury.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kowkowzeiss
<Content>Well maintained, a four seasons For business, stayed only one night.Clearly a more dated hotel than Hilton, Westin.But well maintained, still very four seasons. Good service.Location is pretty much by the harbour, walkable to Circular Quay.Probably wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>parfro
<Content>View from a wheelchair From my point of view, this is a pretty accessible hotel. The lobby bar is on 2 levels with a ramp, (one well concealed) to each level. Busy, and noisy, you can get bar food there if you don't fancy the restaurant which actually serves nice, if a bit pretentious, food. Breakfast is also served in the latter - service can be slow but the whole experience very comfortable indeed.Our room was city view (of course) and not up to usual Four Seasons' disabled facility standards. The bed, the console table/desk were much too high, with the desk chair so heavy it was difficult to move. The toilet seat was shaped and impossible to move on, but a raised seat was delivered to our room on request, very quickly. The grab rail was too high, but the shower was flat entry with a large seat. The main door could be opened on both sides with a push button, which was great.The swimming pool, an oasis in the city, is reached up steep stairs with a wheelchair lift operated by the pool attendant. The second level is reached by a ramp - nice food there in the open air.We could not complain about the service, friendly and efficient, and we enjoyed our stay there prior to embarking on our cruise.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>THE INSPECTOR
<Content>Excellant room with average service. We arrived at the Four Seasons 1 hour ahead of the check-in time of 3.pm on the slim chance that a room would be available. Please come back in an hour,we did and the room still was not ready?The piano was playing and the doors were being opened but the basic service was not available. We finally obtained our room after another 15 minutes with our bags to follow. After waiting 1.5 hours we still had not received our bags. Called reception your bags are top priority Sir, 20 minutes later they arrived?After these experiences we did not try the meals etc.but opted to eat out. We tried The Waterfront (excellent service  food) and The Italian Village(excellent service  food), both are located a short walk (150 metres) from the Four Seasons just past the Overseas Shipping Terminal.The Opera House View room was excellent with 2 windows, 1 with Opera House  1 with city views. Plenty of room with king size bed,lounge, table, fridge,robes T.V cabinet etc. The bathroom was huge ( 'L shaped ) with a separate vanity area,huge bath, fantastic shower, fluffy towels,robe  slippers .The room was meant to be non-smoking but had ashtrays?Overall the location and facility is excellent just the service is uncoordinated.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	3	2	1	5	

<Author>JUDITHbristol
<Content>Great location, OK hotel, poor food Firstly, its in an awesome location - if you want to be by Circular Quay, Rocks, Opera House, etc this hotel is great for that. but...................the hotel is not up to Four Seasons standard. If you are expecting immpecable service, 5 star attention and the finest food then you'll be dissapointed. I'd say it was 4 star at best, and in some areas (food) its 3 star. The hotel is perfectly comfortable and clean if a little dated but is not as luxurious as a Four Seasons usually is.The outdoor hotel pool and spa are also good, but again dated and the pool service is OK but yet again not up to the Four Seasons brand. The ajoining Spa and treatments are very good, especially by Sydney standards.My one area of criticism is the food. The restaurants have terrible service (especially at Breakfast) and the quality of food is exceptionally poor for a 5 star hotel. Its no coincidence the restaurants are rarely busy. I'm amazed the managment hasn't spotted this and attempted to improve the food and service. I've stayed in most Sydney hotels in my 7 years of business and holiday travel and all in all this is a perfectly good hotel, in a great location, with OK service However, it isn't worthy of the Four Seasons brand and is letting them down. If you do stay here make sure you get good rates and don't be persuaded into paying top prices in return for the usual Four Seasons quality, as you won't find that quality at this Four Seasons.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Loretta360
<Content>Good but expensive hotel Great location. Good service and comfortable room. Sydney is a pricey city so expect things to be pricey here. Dry cleaning for 1 shirt is $13 aussie dollars. Breakfast buffet was $ 29 aussie dollars.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VirtuosoDownunder
<Content>Fantastic Location, incredible beds and world class service. We stayed for 4 days in December, 2007. We booked Opera House View Junior Suites. The view was stunning, we had to pinch ourselves! I would agree with other comments that the outside of the hotel is fairly uninspiring and dated, and I am sure that the hotel is aware of this.Where they come into their own is the service and overall experience which is in keeping with Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts. The bed was the most fabulos I have ever slept in, and indeed we are looking to buy one this year!Would go back tomorrow. Loved it.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Ajs30
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more! My new wife and I spent 4 days at the Four Seasons for our honeymoon and we could have been looked after better!Upon arrival, our car was parked and our luggage taken care of before we'd even stepped through the doors.Although we arrived well before our check in time, we were shown the lobby bar and given out choice of drinks, all on the house.Shown our room (a full harbour suite on the 24th floor) our jaws dropped with the million dollar views...and we are Aussies ourselves. 30 minutes later a knock on the door saw a bottle of champagne courtesy of the hotel manager arrive.Our room was brilliant, spacious and spotlessly clean. The bathroom large enough for us both to do whatever we wanted and the L'Occitane toiletries a real bonus.Housekeeping maintained our room twice a day and all the staff we had contact with from the concierge, the doormen, the wait staff and front desk bent over backwards to make sure our stay was as pleasant as possible.We couldn't have asked for a better time. A big thank you to all at the Four Seasons who make our short but sweet honemoon, all the sweeter.Our choice of where to stay was a toss up between here and the Park Hyatt. I think we made the right choice as the proximity to the Quay, the Rocks, the restaurants and the CBD all added to it's appeal.We'd stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DavidWynn
<Content>Great Location - Tired City Hotel       View from room  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>anthonyuk
<Content>Great views, but this is not Four Seasons quality Let's be absolutely clear about this. This place is not the standard of your usual Four Seasons. It is really a four star hotel parading as a five star due to the stunning views you can get from your room (and you certainly pay for that view!). We had a full harbour view room and the views of the New Year fireworks was absolutely superb. The room itself had a very comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. However, it just didn't have the finish you'd expect of a five star hotel. It even had the old fashioned large box television rather than a more modern LCD. This may seem a small point, but you really don't see this kind of thing at five star hotels anymore.The bar in the lobby was very nice though and the staff helpful. We even had room service one night and were surprised with just how good the food was.For the view, it was amazing, but overall this is really not Four Seasons quality.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmPalmer
<Content>ideal location, international 5* I stayed at the Four Seasons for a night in December 2007. As you would expect of the group, the hotel is an international standard 5* hotel with great facilities and rooms, and high service levels. Nothing was too much trouble.The most wonderful thing for me was the location éˆ¥?five minutes walk to Circular Quay and the Rocks area. I got a fantastic deal through Expedia and would definitely recommend this location for both business and leisure travellers.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gogobag
<Content>Two Seasons at Best       Drab junior suite  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Gone2room
<Content>Good hotel, but NOT at Four Seasons Level       room view from window  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Anglotraveller
<Content>Is it a real Four Seasons?       Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RK1London
<Content>Needs a refurbishment When you book to stay in a four seasons you expect a minimum level of luxury and comfort in your stay. We stayed here as part of our honeymoon and i can safely say that the place lets the four seasons brand down and has made us question whether we will ever choose this brand again. It screams 1970's! This hotel was part of our honeymoon and if you are looking for somewhere special. This is most definately not the place for you,The only thing that i would say are true 5* are the breakfasts and the porters. Everything else is certainly not. The room was tiny we paid for a full harbour view which we got but the room smelt musty and the bathroom was tiny and not that great. The pool area was horendus. Really realaxing with a motorway equivilent that you can see whilst you are sun bathing and generally a shabby area.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	1	3	2	4	

<Author>ucha
<Content>Horribly unbelievable! When you choose a Four Seasons you basically think (if nothing else) that you can't go wrong, that you aren't risking much because it's a Four Seasons!One of our honeymoon stops was Sydney so we booked the Four Seasons. After a long haul flight from Tokyo via Singapore we were pretty anxious to get some rest.Upon arrival it didn't look like a lobby fit for a hotel of that category.We were also not impressed with the old and ill-maintained elevators. But the real shock came from the room. It was so small that our 3 pieces of luggage barely fit anywhere. The room had no decorative objects except for a plastic alarm clock from the 80's... The window was tiny so the harbour view was almost non-existent. The bathroom was proportional to the room.We were so appaled with the room that we immediately went to the business center to use the internet and look for another hotel and left.We didn't try any of the restaurants but we did have a look at the spa and its menu which was very limited. The outdoor pool consists of a small tank at the back of the hotel.Definitely not going back to that hotel and have learnt the lesson about making general assumptions about hotel chains.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>blsandler
<Content>Not Four Seasons Caliber The hotel is adequate, but certainly not of typical Four Seasons caliber. The rooms are tiny, the bathrooms are even smaller, the look of the hotel is dated, and many rooms smell of smoke (even on non-smoking floors). My husband and I switched rooms three times and concluded that all the rooms in the hotel smell like smoke and are small. One more word on the smell: we had them send an air purifier to our room on two separate occasions and it made no difference either time. Of course, however, because it is a Four Seasons, certain elements of the hotel were great. The room views were awesome (we overlooked the harbor and saw both the Harbour Bridge and Opera House from our window) and breakfast buffet is delicious. The bar downstairs is very happening (great live jazz), and they serve delicious munchies with all drinks. Location was great (right in the center of everything) and the gym was large and had nice equipment. If in Syndey again, I would not stay at this hotel. It truly isn't of the FS standard and I believe that another hotel could easily outshine this dated Four Seasons.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>theworldsoutthere
<Content>Great views and service This hotel has a fantastic location, great views and excellent service. I disagree with other reviews finding the hotel dated. Our room was comfortable, the bathroom large and all service we received was attentive yet discrete. Did not use the pool so cannot comment on this aspect. Received complimentary upgrade becuase we were on honeymoon. All in all an excellent hotel. I struggle to find anything hard to say - it puzzles me that others did not find this hotel so good. Reminder to anyone going on holiday, you're there to enjoy what is outside of your hotel room, more than what is on the inside!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RockDoc50
<Content>Tired Feel--Great Service I recently had a three-night stay by myself at the Four Seasons Hotel in Sydney. I was there strictly for a holiday and to sight-see. I booked a small suite on the Executive Club Floor, and that's exactly what I got. As others have noted, the hotel has seen better days. It has a very tired feel to it--the furnishings are aging and the facility itself desperately needs an upgrade. I spent a lot of money on my room--overall I think the value received was reasonable but not great.My room, located on a high floor, did have a nice view of the Harbor, including the Opera House and the Bridge, but neither window was posiitoned to see the entire Harbor, either while seated at the desk in the small sitting room, or from the bed in the bedroom That was a MAJOR disappointment, since I booked the room based on the view. The only way to get a nice view was to stand by either window. That being said, I did enjoy my stay. The Club had continuous servings of food throughout the day, including a fabulous breakfast (they had a chef prepare eggs to order) and nice evening heavy hors d'oervres, and after dinner drinks with a nice selection of premium spirits. The Club Concierge has to be rated as one of the finest I have ever experienced. She made every effort to make recommendations about restaurants and places of interest. Since I only had 3 days to explore, I tried to make use of every minute--and her help was invaluable. Little touches really helped, like arranging to have breakfast delivered gratis to my room early on the day of my departure. A major disappointment, though, was her inability to push a reservation at my first-choice restaurant--I understand that it is difficult to reserve at the last minute, but at least she tried.The room itself was laid out fine except for the positioning of the windows. There was a nice working desk, a small sitting area with television (neither television in the sitting area or bedroom were a flat screen---they should definitely upgrade), and a small wet bar. The bathroom was very small, though with a separate walk-in shower---I wish it were designed to have its own window looking out on the Harbor. The bedroom was small with a comfortable king bed.I did spend an hour at the outside small pool. The pool area was cozy and well laid-out, and the service was very attentive.Location was great--walking distance to Circle Quay and the Opera House. Service is what sets this hotel apart from others. Simply put, there are few hotel properties that provide the type of service that Four Seasons consistently does, and that was not an exception in Sydney. So despite the fact that the hotel needs some plastic surgery, I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>Oshanda
<Content>Poor Value for Money I expected more for what I paid.My wife and I spent the weekend at the Four Seasons and I was disappointed with the size of the room that we got for the amount thatwe paid - it was small and pokey.The whole look and feel of the hotel was old and tired.The room did have a very good view over the harbour bridge and the opera house but we paid an excessive premium for it.There is better value and more comfortable rooms to be had at other hotels in Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	-1	3	2	

<Author>rkhny2004
<Content>The Worst Four Seasons Gloabaly After staying at many of the properties in this chain I was incrediblly dissapointed at my experience here. Like one of the May reviews I found the hotel understaffed, not well informed of their own city and at best tired. I had booked a car to pick me up on arrival, it did not show up despite several e mails with the concierge, who seemed completely unable to book a car service. At check in they lost my luggage and despite an early check in my room was not ready until 2 pm. When I was sent to the assigned room, it was the wrong room and belonged to someone else with my same last name and was a smoking room. After going back to the front desk and wasting even more time, I was finally assigned the proper room..now 3:00 pm. The concierge who screwed up the car service made reservations at a hip, australian restaurant with great wine list per my request. Unfortunately, it was an Asian restaurant full of screaming children, bad food and loud music, excactly what I had not requested. The room I was given was on the executive floor with a club. However, they failed tto tell me that just because i was on that floor did not mean I could use the club. I showed for breakfast and was literally run out as I did not belong.I spend about 40 room nights at 4 Seasons annaually and have never seen such a poorly managed hotel. Do not stay here if you are a Four Seasons veteran or you will be dissapointed.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Tricolours
<Content>A little bit dated I have no doubt that 15 years ago this was the most grand hotel in Sydney. It isn't now however, but they are still charging like it is.My experience wasn't bad, in fact the staff where wonderful, the room was pleasant and the facilities where Ok, its just that when I pay just shy of $AUD400 a night I expect more.I have previously reviewed the Sheraton on the Park in Sydney and would like to add it beats the four seasons in every category quite convincingly and especially as much more often you can score a deal on one of the booking sites with it than you can at the Four Seasons.My major negative with the whole place was it is just a bit dated and they will really need to spend big dollars soon to maintain a five star rating which I personally feel rating groups give out way to freely. Another thing that caused me irritation was I was running late for a meeting and had to quickly iron a shirt. Unfortunately the room had no iron so I had to call housekeeping and 30 mins later I had my iron and I was now really late for my meeting. Why the hell wouldn't a major hotel just put an iron in the room??Other than that the other facilities such as the pool area were OK without making you feel you where at a five star establishment.Overall in no way would I rate it bad however compared to some of its peers I just felt it didn't quite measure up.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sunsetbabe
<Content>Loved the location I stayed here myself for one night in August 2007 in all honesty all I wanted was a bed and somewhere to relax. But to be honest I found this a great hotel lovely rooms amazing beds and all together a lovely hotel. Its is a 5 min walk to views of the harbour bridge and the opera house.The staff where very pleasant and a great ozzie welcome. On another note I have stayed at quite a few chain hotels and was pleasantly surprised by the extras the four seasons give you, nice pens L'occitane toiletries too.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Coopers4
<Content>Old Favourite My husband and I stayed here for a weekend in late September. We have stayed here from time to time over the past 20 years and come back to it because of the excellent location. It used to the The Regent and really very little has changed in terms of overall impressions. It has been updated and retains a great sense of luxury and quality although in a rather conservative marble and beige way. The rooms are well appointed, of average size and suplied with lovely Occitane toiletries. Many rooms have fantastic views and even the city views can be very good. It is the location which makes it though - alongside Circular Quay allowing easy access to the ferries, downtown shops and the Rocks. We booked on the internet and got a good last minute rate.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>Emmanuelle70
<Content>Samll rooms but great location Smallish rooms, but comfortable, and fantastic location. Very friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BoogyOz
<Content>TOp view and place Thew view from the room was great, the checkin process was good although there was a bit of a wait. The food in the hotel was good, i did expect better but i can not complain. The rooms were well finished and the beds very confy. Overal experience was a good one.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>williams44
<Content>We loved it! We stayed for 2 nights and then 1 more night later in our trip in July. Our first two nights cost AUD$350/night including the buffet breakfast (weekend special), and our third night was AUD$350 with no breakfast. We thought it was a great deal, especially the weekend special.There's a reason that the Four Seasons has a great reputation - great service. We had reserved city view room for all three nights, but we were upgraded to an opera view room for the first two nights and then a junior suite on our third night. Almost in every Four Seasons we've stayed at, we've been upgraded. It's really smart of them to do that - it doesn't cost them any more and it goes a long way in terms of good will. The hotel itself is not what I normally think of when I think of a Four Seasons hotel. It's more like what I call a conference hotel. Maybe it was something else before. It's a high-rise building, with a more business-like feelng. It has a great location by the Rocks. Very convenient to everything. The front desk person was very friendly, courteous and efficient. We were able to check in even though it was before 9 am. That was great, especially after getting off a long international flight!In terms of the rooms themselves, we can't complain. We had a great view of the Opera House from the 32nd floor on our first two nights (we asked for a room on a high floor) and then also on the 12th floor on our third night. The rooms were comfortable, as expected. The junior suite was huge. The buffet breakfast, as you would expect, was very good. The service at the concierge was a bit uneven. We had an encounter with one woman who didn't really know what she was talking about. We had better luck getting information from the tourist information booth across the street from the hotel.We would recommend this hotel highly. We had read some mixed reviews on these boards, but we really couldn't find any faults. We love the Four Seasons chain!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>man910
<Content>Great! The room was immaculate with plush pillows and high-quality sheets. I didn't feel the staff bent over backwards for me but I prefer it that way. If you're used to 5-star hotels giving you that sort of treatment, then you won't get that here. At least I didn't. The location was great and you could walk to the Opera House, the Sydney Bridge, and all the nearby attractions. If you want to save some money on internet access, go across the street to the grocery store. It was much cheaper. Cleanliness is my #1 item when staying at hotels and I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>Traceymari
<Content>360 View of the City! My husband and I stayed in the 360 suite--and sweet it was! What a view! We could see the ENTIRE harbour, the bridge, the opera house, and Manley Island. What a city! This was the best city visit we've ever taken and the hotel is located right on Circular Quay--right in the heart of downtown happenings.The suite is on the executive level, so bfast, lunch, and cocktails  snacks were included in the room stay. Bathroom was spectacular--marble everywhere and wonderful L'occietain soaps  lotions!Spa was fabulous. Gym is terrific--great view of the street below while doing cardio.Food  presentation @ the hotel was exceptional. Everything was delicious and so fresh! Wonderful breakfast muscli! They even gave me the recipe! We arrived very early in the morning and the bfast buffet was just fantastic after spending 15hrs in a plane.Hotel is located right next to the Rocks, and there are many excellent restaurants and pubs in the Quay, just a quick walk away.Far away the best hotel in Sydney. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FSTouroftheWorld
<Content>The worst hotel I have ever stayed at.... This has to be the worst hotel in Sydney. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Rooms are tiny and look nothing like the photos on the website. My husband and I tried to have a romantic weekend together there and booked a suite. The suite had horribly old carpet, and a horribly old smell to go with it, and the view was of a brick wall. So we moved - to a higher floor - and it was a shoebox. The pool area was very average. They staff were rude. We checked out after one night and went home. We've stayed at the Westin in Sydney many times before that and many times since and that is by far and away a superior hotel. We have stayed at the FS Los Angeles (South Doheny Drive), FS Maldives at Kuda Huraa, FS Bahamas, FS Jackson Hole, FS Arizona and FS Whistler, and I was shocked at truly how appalling this hotel really was. It is the old Regent Hotel (which it was prior to FS purchasing the property) and it has not been updated since the 80's. I can understand a hotel not being updated, however, this needs to be reflected accurately in photos and the price needs to reflect this also.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YoMan
<Content>Stay in the Suites if you want extra space-well worth the money We spent five wonderful nights in Sydney in August. We frequently stay in Four Seasons Properties because we like the consistant quality. After reading reviews, we booked the FS Sydney. Because we had our son with us we elected to book a junior suite. We heard the regular rooms were not as large as a typical FS room. The suite ended up costing the price of a regular room in other Four Seasons. So I thought the price was fair. Got upgraded to a full harbour view and Opera House view. The room was typical FS quality, plenty spacious. All staff was great. I would highly recommend the FS Sydney. On our return trip to Sydney we spent two nights at the Park Hyatt. Also a wonderful property, but the room was not as large as the junior suite at the FS. The retail price at the Hyatt was more, but I used points so cannot complain. Per other reviews the FS is in a great location, short walk to the rocks and very close to Circular Quay for all types of transportation (bus, train, ferry)  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LynneandSteve
<Content>Wow- Four Seasons made our stay so special       Four Season's birthday cake  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AshRich
<Content>Great Stay @ Four Seasons Hotel Sydney Just returned from a short break to Australia which included a night at the Four Seasons Hotel Sydney.The hotel was great from check-in to check-out with one exception (see below).We were dropped off at the hotel by my Dad. The staff quickly opened all the doors for us, greeted us, took our bags and got us through the doors.Check-in was smooth, no problems at all and the receptionist kindly handled my request for her to respond to the Emirates transfer service (we were wanting to start shopping and I couldn't be bothered with it and on a side note, fly Emirates Business Class if going trans-Tasman - they are the best and the free BMW 7-Series transfers are a perfect start to a really fantastic airline experience).Room was fine. A bit on the small side yes, but no where near as big of a deal as some people seem to be raving about on here. We stayed in a full harbour view room which was fine and had nice views from the 22nd floor of the bridge and the Opera House. The bathroom is on the small side, but it has everything you need and room for two people to do what they need to do. The L'Occitane ammenities are great and the towels and bathrobes are too. Shower had good pressure, though water did get out onto the floor. The bed was REALLY comfortable. Room decor is nothing special, but it is of a high standard although a more modern TV would go down a treat.Food at the hotel was good. Actually I tell a lie. Breakfast was GREAT, room serive not so good. We ordered room service at about 11:00pm and my partner just wanted the pie, salad and chips thing they offer. Anyway, our meals came and the presentation was FANTASTIC. They bring in a nice big table which folds out and is then set up just like you are dining in the restaurant complete with complimentary water, bread and a flowers. My meal was nice, however, my partner's pie was really burnt on the bottom. Sorry, but it is not hard to cook a pie... We complained and a fresh and really tasty pie was brought up to us and no pie appeared on the bill. The room service lady who orginally brought the meal and then replaced it was extreamly polite initially and very apologetic when the replacement came. The other food we ate was breakfast and I haven't got anything to say other than it was the best buffet breakfast I've had at a hotel.Check-out was okay, but I expected a little more in a Four Seasons. We didn't bother with getting someone to come and get our bags because I feel a little lazy / pompous when I phone up and say, Can you send someone to get my crappy luggage? However, I do expect the concierge at 7:00am to act when the three of them are not busy at all and they see two people walk out of the elevators with three bags each. So anyway we bundled across to the counter and payed the bill with no problems. Still no one had come to ask if we wanted help with our bags. We told the receptionist that we were waiting for a car to come and fetch us for the airport. He didn't even offer to have someone put our bags aside until the car arrived. So we carried them off to concierge and just dumped them beside the counter and told them we were waiting on a car. They just nodded. The car came, the bags were loaded and we were wished a safe trip home by three smiling men.We also used the pool and the spa. The pool is nice. Sure it is beside an expressway, but that didn't bother us. The spa was okay. The pool area actually could do with refurbishing and instead of having a spa that flows into the pool they should seperate it. I've always found those spas rather useless. The hotel's health spa was good with great service and fantastic staff who knew how to take away any stress, aches and pains. I really enjoyed their Four Seasons Signature Treatment (I think that is what it was called).The location of the hotel is unbeatable DEPENDING on what you are in Sydney for. The Rocks area is really nice and the hotel is right by the hustle and bustle of Circular Quay. Transport is no issue either. There are plently of GREAT restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel, in fact, most of Sydney's best are within a few minutes walk. There are also a tonne of great bars if you want to hit the town or just go for a nice drink (we went up to The Establishment Bar and also found a really flash place tucked away in The Rocks build in a renovated warehouse with uber-modern bathrooms - it was really cool). Shopping wise, there is a Gucci store down the road (not that great of a selection mind you) and there is the DFS Galleria next door with Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Ralph Lauren, Ferragano, etc., etc.. If you are in Sydney to purely shop, you might want to consider one of the five-star hotel's closer to Martin Place / Castlereagh Street where you'll find all the brand's Australian flagship stores (Gucci, Prada, Lous Vuitton, Burberry, etc..). It's also more handy up that way to Pitt St mall for cheaper shops and also the Queen Victoria Building for mid-range stores. If you are fit it is easy to walk from the Four Seasons to the main shopping area of Sydney, but if you don't want to pavement pound and don't like relying on hotel transport, taxis, buses or trains, something closer to mid-George Street / Pitt Street / Martin Place might be better for you.All up it was a really great stay despite some minor service issues. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Four Seasons again. The managment just needs to get their staff up to a consistent standard to make it not great, but perfect.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>OzOlive
<Content>Good but not as good as hoped I had nowhere else to go from my office's preferred supplier list so had to move hotels into the Four Seasons.Service at front desk was good and very friendly. Nice lobby and public areas (piped muzak can get a bit irritating though).Room was the tiniest I have ever been in but not unpleasant. Furniture OK. There was no view (to be expected as I was on a corporate rate).Bed comfy and super clean linens, surfaces, bathroom etc - no dust or dirt anywhere. Breakfast buffet looked fine from what I saw - I had porridge and it was fine.Data connections bit archaic - fee payable for internet access (take your wireless card! - although if you do, bear in mind this may be a bit flaky if you are in a room on a high floor - the wireless is a bit unpredictable in the city on high rise floors)Excellent shower and great toiletries in the rooms - L'Occitane. Turn down service ok. No iron or ironing board in room which I found a bit surprising.On the whole - nothing offputting but just average stay - to be fair my room was very good value for short notice in Sydney and in such a central location at AUD210 per night.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lesleyc
<Content>Four Seasons- Fabby! Booked directly with the Four Seasons quite some months before going- got 4 nights for the price of 3 which according to the receptionist was excellent value.Had a fabulous time there- lovely room with plently of space- all the staff were very helpful, polite and friendly. Ate at the cafe restaurant on the 2nd floor once- food good and prices fine. Also had room service- quick and again, reasonable.Spa was excellennt- good treatments and pleasant staff. Fitness area also good- made use of the outdoor spa every night- was dark but heated so that was fine.Had a great stay- recommend it to all- great location too.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>firtreecott
<Content>Pretty good We used the hotel as a base for our holiday in Australia so stayed there three seprate times over a three week spell. The rooms are small, so book a suite if you like a bit of space. The website photos do tell the truth - there is just the one armchair in a standard room. The views are good, but stay high up to reduce the traffic noise.Breakfast is good and breakfast staff are brilliant, but plan your trips to the toaster. The bar is still a bit smokey and receptionists can be a bit offhand.However, we were very comfortable here; the bellhops were marvellous, housekeeping were prompt and efficient, the bar staff were great and the location is excellent for access to Circular Quay and the Rocks (and also for buses to Newtown for economy dining).We had just stayed at the Shangri-La in Singapore, so it was a bit of a come-down to stay here. I might consider staying elsewhere next time, just to get a bit more space for a reasonable price.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Hyde01
<Content>Loved the four seasons!       Picture of Room  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Venus2
<Content>Great hotel with awesome view When we arrived after our long flight from the Chicago at 8:00 AM, our harbor view suite on the executive level was ready. We had an awesome view of both the bridge and opera house. The food on the executive level was great and the staff of the hotel were very courteous. If we ever have the chance to come to Sydney again, we would stay here, most definitely.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MauidAmy
<Content>Honeymoon in Australia, perfect location       View from room  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>teddyrex
<Content>Marvellous Hotel! Four Seasons Hotel - Sydney AU My wife and I stayed at the Four Seasons Sydney for two weeks in April prior to sailing on SAPPHIRE PRINCESS to Los Angeles. The hotel is wonderful and we had a marvellous time. We had a full harbor view junior suite (rooms ending in 15 have the most spectacular views of the harbor - Opera House, Bridge and Circular Quay) and it was large and elegantly furnished! (Note: regular rooms appear to be beautiful but on the small side). We paid the extra fee for membership in the Executive Club which was pricey but worth it with wonderful breakfasts, cocktail hours and desserts daily plus a fabulous concierge, Jane, just for Exec Club members. She was very helpful in all ways and invaluable in finding my wife a doctor when necessary. The regular hotel concierge, Jorge, was also great - booking restaurants, etc. The Hotel's restaurant, Kable's was excellent - great food and service (not fancy or fussy!) and we enjoyed eating several dinners there (much better food than we had at some of the top and most expensive restaurants in the Rocks/ Circular Quay area). We did not use the Spa but the outdoor pool was lovely and the poolside lunches were great. In summary, this was a lengthy stay at any hotel and we will remember it as one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at anywhere! Wish Australia was not so far away so we could return often to the Four Seasons Sydney!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SydneysidersSydney
<Content>Fantastic Four Seasons Stayed in a Deluxe Opera House / Harbour view Junior Suite. The room was very large, opulent and very smart. The staff were incredible and amazingly attentive. Received complimentary champagne and strawberries for our honeymoon night. The view was amazing.An absolutely lovely, charming hotel with very good staff.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyingroo
<Content>A great hotel but loosing its shine I generally clock up around 60 hotel nights a year in Sydney and have also provided reviews of the Westin and Shangri La, so now its Four Seasons turn. The FS brand usually markets itself on absolute quality, immaculate service and unforgettable experiences. FS Sydney however excels in some aspects but is definitely hamstrung by the quality of its rooms.Rooms - the rooms are the weakest link to the hotel. They are definitely on the small side, okay they're TINY. The bathroom is also small and is only sectioned off by a sliding door. Not much privacy if you're rooming with someone else. The views are good, but much better from the Shangri La. Decor wise, its definitely time for a re-furb. With the like of Hilton, Westin and Sheraton being newer hotels (or recently re-furbed), FS will continue to struggle. The hotel is due for an 'interior refurb' in 2007 but whether this means new rooms I'm not too sure. Cost of in room use of broadband is definitely on the high side. Service - this is the one area that FS excels at, however after staying at this property over 4 years the level of attentiveness is beginning to loose its shine. Services provided by porters and doormen can be hit and miss. Reception is very good, always welcoming and very efficient. Room service is generally very good. Housekeeping is excellent. Food - I've only ever ordered room service and its been good. Prices however are definitely on the high side, but expected. Not a huge fan of the restaurant ambiance so I've never eaten there. Being so close to the Rocks, much better to talk a walk and eat there instead.Spa/Health Club. Health Club facilities are good, spa treatments are done in very relaxing surroundings but once again, prices reflect accordingly.Overall, staying at the FS, the service shines through and makes my stays there generally very pleasant and memorable. Travelling alone, I don't mind the small rooms but I can see how it can be a problem when 2 or more are travelling. Is the FS Sydney same as other FS's around the world, probably not. Can you get a room with a better view, definitely yes, but does any other hotel offer the same level of service, probably not. This hotel still remains one of my favourite hotels in Sydney. If there were the option to give 4.5 stars I would, but this case its only a 4.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>happytravellerasia
<Content>big disappointment We have just come back from our trip a few days ago. We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights at the four seasons. The bad experience started when we got out of the car. No one helped us unload our luggages, looks like they are under staffed because there was just one person at the driveway area and he was doing something. When we went to the reception area, the man at the front desk just kept on doing his thing and let us stand there for awhile without greeting us, if he was busy he should have told us to wait for a minute. He did not seem interested in conversation, I do not understand why he's at the front desk. The rooms were old but clean, nothing spectacular. One of the rooms had foul odor and we insisted for a change of room and the other room got flooded in the bathroom, i think the drain got clogged not by us because it happened the same day we checked in. Not typical of a four seasons hotel and I dont understand why it is called the four seasons. Although I must admit that the assistant manager was very apologetic and offered us free dinner but its not about getting something for free. We just wanted to stay at a good, comfortable, nice hotel and enjoy our vacation. My suggestion is to try the westin sydney.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>ocalllo
<Content>Top class service and great views. My husband and I had both lived and travelled in Australia as backpackers and wanted our return to Sydney on our honeymoon to be special.Our travel agent got us a great deal in the Four Seasons and we couldnot refuse. (altho we later discovered that there had been a mix up and the booking agent got the price wrong and it should have been dblwhat we paid put they picked up the excess!)We arrived into Sydney and got the express train down to Circular Quay and strolled over to the hotel (probably the only ones ever to do so). We were very early to arrive but there was not a mention of this and we were checked in immediately. We were told we had a city view room, we enquired about upgrading as given the location you justhad to have a room overlooking the harbour. We were told it would be $25 to upgrade (not made clear if this was p/n or pppn we were too embarrassed to ask) but decided to go for it. We got the full talk about the hotel and all the facilities from the check in staff and really felt like vip's.The room was beautiful and definitely luxury but very very small, but when you opened the window to take in the view it didn't matter about the size of the room. With the Opera House on one side and the Bridge on the other we were taken away by the beauty, having spent many a day at the harbour dreaming as a backpacker we never thought we would be returning in style!The service was exceptional everywhere especially at the pool. The pool boy was extremely attentive and altho i agree with another reviewer they could do with more chairs you never felt awkward as you waited for one to arrive.We loved Sydney before we arrived at the Four Seasons and now like it even more.ps the upgrade was per room per night - bargin  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aus99
<Content>Very good Stayed one night on business. Room was clean and well set out - had all facilities you would expect. Windows must have been double glazed as very quiet and could not hear the George Street traffic. Two minutes walk to Circular Quay so easy access to trains and ferries and a pleasant place for a stroll. Staff were friendly and efficient. Have stayed in a fair number of Sydney CBD hotels on business and reckon this is one of the better ones - will stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>JBeers
<Content>A Four Seasons this is not.... Just left the Four Seasons Sydney and am still at a loss as to how this hotel could possibly be a Four Seasons! We were booked to stay over a week and when we saw the room (rather, the tiny dark hole with a view of the expressway) we immediately decided to check out the next morning. We arrived quite late the night before and when we pulled up, there was not one person at the valet or at the door to greet us. I realize it was nearing midnight but come on, it's a Four Seasons, where's the service? We waited in our rental car for a few moments, thinking SOMEONE was bound to emerge and help us with our luggage and valet the car. No one came. I actually had to walk into the lobby and wave and say hello? to get the attention of the receptionists at the front desk. Finally, someone came out to help with the luggage cart.As I said before, we were shocked upon entering the room, which was smaller than the smallest hotel room in NYC. There was about 2 feet between the foot of the bed and the TV cabinet so my fiance and I keep bumping into each other. We didn't even unpack our suitcases and could barely manuver about the room. We asked to be upgraded that evening to a larger room but were told that the hotel was booked at 110% capacity. When we mentioned that we had made our booking months in advance, it made no difference.Overall, the lobby was nice and the hotel was clean. However, if you are expecting the service and room standard of a typical Four Seasons hotel, keep looking.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>claudiaspiandorim
<Content>Great Hotel My husband, our 6-year-old daughter and I stayed at the Four Seasons Sydney from Dec 25th 2006 to Jan 05th 2007. We booked a Jr. Suite with city views. We found the hotel to be an excellent place to stay in Sydney, with a great location and flawless service. The room was fantastic, the staff always willing to help, the food we ordered from room service was nice and the outdoor pool very inviting on those hot summer days. Of course the hotel's decor is a bit dated, it is not a new hotel, but all the public areas were always clean, and the staff members ready to help. The only thing I think needs improvement is because the pool area is quite small ,there are not enough chairs , so quite often guests had nowhere to sit, which is something unnaceptable for a five-stars hotel. Other than that, we loved the Four Seasons and will definitely stay there on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Suzy_Shopper
<Content>Was This A Four Seasons? I stayed here for a week back in May 2006 with a large corporate group. The hotel was very nice. The hotel in general didn't seem like a U.S. Four Seasons that I have been at, but it was quite a nice hotel. The rooms were a bit small. Our room had a very nice view of Harbour Bridge and the Opera House which was nice.While we didn't dine at the hotel resaturants, we did have buffet type meals in the business meeting rooms and ball rooms which were nice.The location is a great one. It's right by the transportation hub- The Quay -- you can easily catch any bus or ferry or train anywhere you want to go -- it's right in walking distance.All in all, it was a very nice hotel. I have no complaints. Syndey is just such a great city. I hope to return back there one day!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LyndhurstPrahran
<Content>A disgrace I stayed in this hotel when it was the Regent on several occasions, and universally enjoyed the experience. I gather that FS are planning on upgrading the property ( I stayed with my wife in June 2006) but at last years visit, the place was dreadful. The room was expensive even by Sydney standards, and the room itself was old, badly in need of updating and impersonal.The hotel was filled with conference attendees. They held meetings all over the place in common areas, the staff did nothing to stop this. This alone made the stay dreadfulThe restaurant service was shocking, understaffed, meals left on tables well after guests had goneNot up to four seasons standards. Great position, but there are so many great hotels in Sydney that I will not stay here again until it is taken to with a broom.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>highloyo
<Content>Nice experience Very nice hotel by the Circular Quay. Things I liked about the hotel are convenience to Opera House and ferries and the service. I didn't like the size of the rooms. Unless you book a Jr suite or suite (which are both very expensive), the rooms are tiny. Our teeenager traveled with us and since there aren't rooms with 2 beds, we ended up with a king and a roll-away. This took up quite a bit of walking area within the room. We had a highly discounted room so it really had no view except for the street below. The service though is unmatched, especially the housekeeping staff and the bathroom amenities. The food in the restaurants and coffee shop are expensive but its the 4 Seasons and quite frankly, food seemed expensive throughout Auastralia. Interent service was a daily $20 Au. a bit steep. I think more and more hotels should start providing free internet service since wireless connections are so cheap these days. It must be a real moneymaker for hotels though.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tripper35
<Content>Disappointing for Four Seasons We stayed in the Four Seasons Sydney over New Year. The hotel is desperately in need of a refurb; at the moment it might be a great place to host an Austin Powers party, but without any such fancy dress on hand to create the right vibe, it just looks passèŒ…. We stayed in a junior suite with a full harbour view, which was an amazing place for viewing the fireworks and very spacious, so we were able to have a few friends round to share the experience. But the decor was tired and dated, as was the bathroom. Yes, it's a city hotel, so no doubt many visitors are there on business and you donéˆ¥æª› expect it to be the same as one of the resort hotels. Nevertheless, there are also many tourists, many of whom, like us, have no doubt booked on the strength of other Four Seasons properties and their experiences there. This was, unfortunately, sadly lacking and not comparable in any way. Even the service was simply not up to scratch, there were so many mistakes made - a room service order took 1é™† hours to arrive, despite the fact they said it was on its way when we called to check after 50 minutes (clearly they were lying); when it arrived, the main courses were lukewarm (despite having been in a hot box - but by then we were so starving, we just ate it); the ice cream on the side of our dessert order was completely melted; we had the wrong pudding delivered with another room service order; and, our laundry and another room's was mixed up - and it took over a day to sort this out and get it back. When my boyfriend telephoned to complain at about 6pm one evening, we were informed that the hotel manager had already left for the night. We left a message with the person we spoke to for him to call us. When we left, four days later, the manager had still not returned our call. It started to make sense why the service is so bad - with a manager with that attitude, itéˆ¥æªš really not surprising and the rest of the staff don't stand a chance. As my boyfriend said, I've stayed in 15 other Four Seasons around the world and this one is definitely at the very bottom of that list. It might have great views, but we won't be going back. Next time, weéˆ¥æª’l stay at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>bikinigirl
<Content>Not on par with Four Seasons' other properties This is just NOT a good property. They need to overhaul the entire staff! I would never stay there! You can find outstanding service and better accommodations elsewhere in Sydney--try the Establishment hotel...now that's a hotel that meets its star-rating!Of course, if you like bland, boring, slow service, rude staff...the Four Seasons is for you. I think mediocre is an appropriate characterization!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>ozmark
<Content>poor breakfast service Solid 5 star with good views in the heart of Sydney. Standard sized rooms although it has to be said the bathroom was on the small size. Reasonably stylish decor though some may not like the nineties style gold trimmings. Cable TV and broadband internet of course. Very large in-room electronic safe. While staff were attentive and very helpful, the breakfast service was surprisingly slow. Had to wait 10 mins to be seated. Obviously due to a staffing problem as only half the tables were being used. Peculiar that such a hotel doesn't have contingency plans for absent staff... The buffet itself was excellent as you would expect.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>roselilycat
<Content>WOW, what a wonderful experience       The Opera House  Sydney Harbour  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moking
<Content>Not too impressed I recently spent 4 nights of my honeymoon at this hotel.My first impression was this is an average hotel and not up to a four seasons standard. The rooms were too small and very bland. The pool and gym were good. The best part of this hotel is the location, and i guess that is what I paid for. There are so many other great hotels in the same vicinity that are much cheaper that I would stay in the next time i went.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>OFile
<Content>Just the tonic after long flight to Sydney       View through the room's window.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaytrippersNYC
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I decided to splurge on our first hotel stay after the long trip from NY. Absolutely worth it. The hotel is beautiful with great ammenities (the spa was a great way to unwind after the flight and a whole day of touring) and the location (right on the water next to the circular quays) made getting in and around Sydney (including the beaches) a breeze. We got upgraded to an operahouse view, which was nice and our the room rate included a great breakfast buffet, which kept us full for most of the day. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chocs1
<Content>Amazing hotel, great location This hotel is pure indulgence. The whole hotel, from the lobby to the rooms was gorgeous. the rooms were a good size, nice decor and a stunning bathroom.all the major facilities - internet at a charge, but for some reason the first few days we werent charged as they failed to notice i was connected. we had a view overlooking the opera house and bridge which was to die for. it was a perfect spot as well to catch the new years eve fireworks. the restaurants are excellent, service exemplory - especially the concierge. the only thing id knock is the valet-on two occasions they managed to misplace our car and left us waiting for over 30 mins whilst they relocated it. the location is spot on. its a 5 min walk t o the opera house, main shopping areas and the ferry port is virtually down the street- you do not even need a car as everything is so within your reach. would def recommend this hotel  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Clancysclan
<Content>Great Place to Stay The Four Seasons in Sydney is a fabulous Hotel. My wife and I spent Christmas and a few days before and had a wonderful experience. The staff is very attentive and extremely professional. The location is ideal to see the city. Part of our package included the breakfast buffet and you did not want for anything. If you want to be pampered, stay at the Four Seasons, you will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycbc98
<Content>Absolutely wonderful! My mother and I (her adult daughter) recently spent 4 nights at the Four Seasons. Before arriving, we had some qualms about staying in such a large, commercial hotel because we were concerned that it wouldn't be as personable as smaller hotels or that it wouldn't provide a local experience. We were, however, more than pleasantly surprised upon our arrival. The staff were very friendly and low key, while also incredibly efficient. We had many requests during our 4-night stay, and each request was met quickly and with a smile. It was particularly helpful that our room was ready more than 3 hours before the scheduled check-in, and we were upgraded to a full harbour-view room. The views of the opera house, harbour and harbour bridge couldn't be beat. The restaurant at the hotel was excellent with a very knowledgeable staff (as was room service). The pool area and spa were also wonderful treats at the end of a long day. The location was ideal, within a 5-minute walk of the rocks, the ferries and shopping (and a 10-minute walk of the opera house). It was an ideal home during our trip to Sydney. In sum, the hotel was truly focused on hospitality--I'm not sure I've ever stayed somewhere that was run so well at every level (check-in, housekeeping, room service, the spa, the restaurant, arranging reservations and activities in Sydney, etc.). The only downside (if I must give one) is that the rooms are a bit smaller than the other hotels in which I've stayed in Sydney (the Park Hyatt and the Sir Stamford). But the large picture window overlooking the harbour and the excellent service more than made up for the room size (as a side note, I would recommend booking the full harbour view instead of the city view in the event upgrades aren't available). When we go back to Syndey, this will be our preferred accomodation.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>huxtable
<Content>agree with previous reviewer, not your average 4 seasons hotel this is the third four seasons hotel we have had the pleasure of staying in, and whilst not terrible, it had the least WOW factor, compared to the hotels in Bangkok and Singapore. We stayed in the deluxe, king, city view room The lobby, is the least impressive Four Seasons lobby, it does look aged and definately the WOW factor is not there I would say that the location is very goodThe room we had was small to say the least. The bathrooms were puny The rooms did have a damp smell to them and lacked that freshness feelingBreak fast is not worth the 40 $ bill you pay, as the choice is limitedService was good, but your expect that with this chain, as that is their main sellWe would not stay here again, for the reasons mentioned above and also there are better value choices elsewhere without the Four Seaons name premium attached  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Beyond_Boston
<Content>Not a typical Four Seasons We often stay at the Four Seasons (when the price is right) ... but this location really didn't live up to the standards of the hotel's reputation. The room smelled somewhat damp  moldy. The room was very small and overall unimpressive. This is the only Four Seasons (so far) that has not lived up to the name ... it feels like a 're-labeled hotel' ... The only good things about the hotel were location and room views. The view came at a price though. This leaves the only benefit to its location.So ... if you can find a location close to the attractions you are interested in ... save the money ... Be sure to try to see a show at the Opera House ... it is a good experience ... and one of the few things to do in Sydney ... besides visiting the Rocks area ... and of course seeing Aboriginal Buskers and the Bridge Climb ... As an insider tip ... walk all the way across the bridge and then underneath for great photo ops of the city ... we were the only people (tourists) over there ... it was a great peaceful escape ...  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Midlo
<Content>Absolutely perfect! My wife and I stayed here in November during our honeymoon and it ranks as one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at. If you stay here, it's definitely worth paying the extra money for the full harbor view room...and when I say full harbor, I mean completely unobstructed view of the opera house, bridge and the Rocks area from one of the upper floors. Definitely not the same as other rooms, which is why it's worth the extra money for this room.The room was incredible and service was impeccable. The pool wasn't anything special, but that's not the main reason for our choices in hotels. Location and the quality of the hotel room are the most important, and that is what this hotel excels at.The food was above average, but not incedible (our only experience was with room service). Of course that doesn't matter that much when you have over 50 restaurants within easy walking distance.We had struggled between here and the Hyatt and are so glad we chose this. It's the same money for the full harbor suite here as compared to the regular small room at the Hyatt, and the view is much better. The Hyatt is much lower and only offers views of either the opera house or the bridge, but not both.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AD72
<Content>Excellent Fantastic location, excellent staff, modern clean rooms and an outdoor pool. Staff were all friendly and helpful, on reception, serving breakfast and concierge. No, it isn't cheap but worth it I think.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sbohnsack
<Content>You are paying for the view My wife and I are staying at this hotel for four night. We travel a ton and have stayed at various level of hotels from 4 star to Exclusive. I dont care how this hotel is rated by various magazines. I would never stay here. It is dirty and the service is lacking. The views are great if you can see thru the windows. You may think you can relax, however the hotel is on a major highway. The pool is a truck length away from the highway. The photos on the Four Seasons web site do not match what you get. I would save the money and stay else where.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	2	3	

<Author>California_Family_3
<Content>Just horrendous - do not stay here My family and I normally stay in upscale hotels when we travel, but we have pretty reasonable expectations. In other words, one wrong thing here and there will not bother us. That being said, this is THE worst hotel I have ever stayed at ...by far! I don't even know where to begin...employees were extremely rude and disrespectful during our check-in. We had arranged for early check-in over the phone, yet they claimed no such arrangement was made and refused to give us a room. We had a really tired little one with us, which made all this even worse. Anyhow,a few points, to keep it brief:* hotel is pretty run down: public restrooms were missing locks, doors were scraped, soap dispensers broken; rooms are small and completely outdated, air quality not very good* staff is non-responsive and you have to ask multiple times for whatever you need* hotel food is HORRENDOUS. we are by notmeans picky eater but i can honestly say that i have never ever had food this bad...anywhere. i think i would rather walk into KFC and have one of their chicken meals than eat at 4Season's Kable again...and I am a vegiterian! You truly know the food is inedible when even steamed rice tastes bad.Anyhow, this is our first trip to Sydney so I don't know what other hotels in the city are like, but this one should not be given more than 1 star!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>grae13
<Content>Even a Sydney person likes it Im australian and have lived in sydney my whole life. My family and I used to go and have breakfast and stay there for one night on each of our birthdays.They have a great pool and spar and if your lucky, a good view. But like any hotel in the middle of the city, its very expensive.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prithy
<Content>Best Hotel in Sydney This is a great hotel to stay in when in Sydney. We stayed in a full harbour view room and it really is a full view. Having breakfast in your room on a bright sunny day, with the Opera House and Harbour Bridge in view, is breath-taking. The photos posted by 'Bowsy' are exactly how it is. The location is great and George St is the main street in the city. It takes you to the downtown area and main shopping areas, including the QVB. The room is small, but the pillows and the bed is to die for!!!!! The service is what would be expected by a 5* hotel, with staff very helpful and polite. The coincerige was great too. Take advantage of the pool, sauna and gym, the service for these was great and good freebies. Not really a family hotel but I am sure anyone could stay here.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bowsy
<Content>Best view in Sydney       View from our original room!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Random_person
<Content>Just great Great location (a stone's throw from circular quay) and fantastic service (I phoned for an ironing board and it arrived within 90 seconds). Only complaint would be the small rooms (relative to other hotels of the same class).Unique for the Sydney CBD, the hotel has an outdoor pool which is hardly used, and a very pleasant place to relax after a pie at Harry's.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Haggis_Supper
<Content>Fabulous - first class hotel and service We (me, my wife and our 2 young kids - 4 and 6 years) stayed at the Four Seasons en route from Melbourne to Coffs Harbour in September. One night on the way up and one on the way back. Pleased to say that we could not fault the hotel or the service we received. From the moment we arrived the porters helped us unload, insisted my wife calmed down and let them worry about blocking the entrance (!) and to go inside and relax. The receptionist upgraded our interconnecting rooms so we had views of the Opera House and then gave the kids a koala each ! The receptionist, porter and concierge remembered our names the following morning, helped with directions, advice and with our numerous trips to the car park. On the return trip we were welcomed back like long lost sons, upgraded again and helped with the unloading and even tidying of the car. We arrived at 8.30pm but they offered to keep the (fabulous) outdoor pool open for an extra 45 minutes to allow our kids to have a wee swim after a 6 hour drive. Every member of staff, without exception, was polite, professional, courteous and genuinely warm and friendly. I've travelled a lot with my work and I can honestly say that the level of service was unsurpassed. We will return and I can thoroughly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LP20000
<Content>Excellent Service!!! Great location and service! Our room was ready when we arrived at the hotel at 7:30 am (no extra charge for the early check-in) and we were upgraded to a room with a view of both the bridge and opera house. Room was a bit small but the service was excellent - they took us straight up to our room and checked us in there so we didn't have to deal with reception at all.Location was extremely central. We had no problems getting around on public transit.Highly recommend and will stay there again next time i am in sydney.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vnyrdr
<Content>Perfection!       bedroom of junior suite  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cailean
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Great harbour views Stayed here for five days in march 2006.Luxury hotel with top class service. Our room had a perfect view of Sydney Harbour including the Harbour Bridge and the Opera House.Only slight disappointment was that compared to other Four seasons in Las vegas and Singapore the room was on the small side. However everything else was exactly what you would expect of a top hotel. Did not eat there so cannot comment on the food.Four Seasons is our favourite hotel chain.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carajackson2005
<Content>Wonderful! Have stayed at the Four Seasons, Sydney several times and have always been impressed! Room was a little on the small side but was very clean and very luxurious. Both the room service breakfast and the breakfast in the hotel restraunt were fantastic. All staff delt with were helpful and polite, particular the bar staff and concierge. Can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place I stayed at the four seasons in Sydney for 5 nights in early July. I really enjoyed everything about my stay here. The room was great (not large, but not too small - it was comfortable and very well maintained) I upgraded my room to room with a view of the opera house - the views of the circular quay and opera house were amazing. The location of the hotel is really unbeatable. The service that I received from every person at the hotel was very definitely first class. The concierge was extremely helpful with bookings and directions and front desk and restuarant staff were equally welcoming. I ate breakfast at the hotel everyday and the buffet was well done. I guess the only negative comment I could make is the cost of daily internet access is A$20 which seemed like alot to me - otherwise I felt like the hotel was a great value and I would definitely recommend it to anyone planning a visit to Sydney  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Arewethereyet!Canada
<Content>Not the Greatest Hotel We stayed here for four nights, its very central to everything, opera house, circular Quay, Rocks and shopping. The pool is on the roof, of the 3rd floor so if you are scared of heights its not the best place ,the cars above are zooming by, it very small pool. The hotel doorman and conceirge are polite and helpful. The food is expensive. The rooms are very small, and well our glasses and cups for coffee were dirty, that was a major turn off. When told about it, there were not too interested the least. Its very expensive ,and we felt we were not getting our moneys worth, I thought the standards would be alot higher. We would not stay here again for the fact of the dirty dishes, and there no concern attitude, We found this to be a sensitive matter. The beds are comfortable and the bathroom well stocked.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KittyChan
<Content>1980s Luxury in an Unbeatable Location My review title suggests my one medium-sized complaint about the otherwise-excellent FS Sydney: the dated overall feeling and decor. I stayed there from 1 through 5 May 2006, having booked a buy three nights and get the fourth free package for a junior opera-view suite. I arrived at the FS around 9 a.m., after an overnight flight from Bangkok. My first pleasant surprise came when the check-in clerk upgraded my room to a full harbour-view suite on the 30th floor. Having only slept a few hours on the flight, I appreciated the prospect of the upgraded suite and harbour view before taking a late-morning catch-up nap. I wasn't dissappointed: the view out of three windows, including a double-pane corner one, was spectacular, encompassing the Harbour Bridge, Rocks neigborhood, Circular Quay, and of course, the Opera House. It was a brilliantly sunny day, and the whole harbour and surrounding areas appeared to sparkle. I reluctantly drew the curtains and slept soundly for 5 hours on a supremely comfortable king bed.Upon waking, I took a closer look at my suite, which was fairly large (52 sq. m.), nicely furnished, and comfortable. No problems, other than the sense that I was in an immaculately preserved 25-year-old hotel room: the furniture and decor, while very clean and fairly luxurious, were nonetheless plain and more suited to rooms I've had in Hyatt and Sheraton hotels. The mostly mahogany wood furniture and trim were in good shape but showed some scuffing and other signs of wear and tear in some places. The TV, while adequate, was large and rather old, with not many channels. The bathroom, however, was fabulous: huge; beautiful white, beige, and cream marble; double sinks; large separate shower stall; and ample L'Occitaine bath products. I took very long and leisurly showers every morning and evening, and the water pressure was prodigious, right up there with a full-throttle jet-ski. The only problem I had with the FS's service came on that first day, when I had to ask three times for the room to be made up. Granted, I did sleep in very late, but housekeeping is 24 hours, and it wasn't until I went to the front desk and complained in person -- after having called housekeeping twice -- that the room got made up. After that first time, though, the make-up and turn-down service were faultless, with generous restocking of bath amenities. I also took in more of the hotel's public-area decor that first day, noting more mahogany (everywhere, really, from the wall on each guest floor to the multistory pillars in the lovely lobby) and lots of 80s brass (some, again, rather worn and dull). Again, this is a subjective aesthetic quibble; I'm sure many guests would find the FS's decor to be very fine indeed. It's just less than what I've experienced in other FS hotels, such as those in Hong Kong (one of the best hotels in that city and probably the world) and Bangkok (also a former Regent but very different from and -- to my eye -- lovelier than the FS Sydney).I didn't avail myself of my suite's so-so minibar, but I did use the so-so coffee service, which was also an 80s (if not 70s) throwback: electric kettle with packets of instant coffee and cheap nondairy creamer. When lesser hotels provide french presses and the like, a hotel of the FS's calibre should do better. But instant coffee it was, and it got me out the door, through the lobby, and across the street to the handy Starbucks, which had better coffee than any hotel option. I breakfasted (well, brunched) there every day, as breakfast wasn't included in my package rate and would've been expensive (as with any five-star room-service meal). Other travellers have mentioned the FS's so-so swimming pool. It was small and outdoors, but also heated and very clean -- and little-used by other guests during my stay. I usually had it to myself at the end of the day. It's an old-fashioned painted concrete basin; a smart granite infinity pool is what it should become. The spa was also small and nothing to write home about, but it was clad with attractive dark-green slate or granite and well stocked with fluffy towels, cold facecloths, and other amenities. The sauna and steamroom, however, were both very plain and small. The spa and pool need a complete makeover, and I hope that when it's time for that, FS turns to its Hong Kong hotel for inspiration.The staff on both the front and concierge desks were excellent, always available, resourceful, and helpful. The concierge staff, while young, were very knowledgeable and always gave good dining and sightseeing recommendations.The FS's location is unbeatable: across the street from the Circular Quay and ferries going everywhere one wants or needs to go. The Opera House is a 10-minute stroll to the far side of the Quay, and the Harbour Bridge is just a few minutes' walk more in the opposite direction. (If you're in at least average health/shape, do this one thing while you're in Sydney: take the Bridge Climb; it's absolutely exhilarating and gives you the best views of what must be the prettiest city harbour in the world.)In sum, I quite enjoyed my stay at the FS Sydney and would consider another stay there, even though it does mean going back to the 80s in some ways. The suite was great and the panoramic harbour views stunning. It's an expensive hotel (what FS isn't?), but one does get one's money's worth, especially if you book a good package. I did visit the nearby Shangri-La Hotel, and it is even nicer, in some ways. But it's up a hill, a bit farther away from the Quay, and the more modern, light tones of the guestrooms may not be to everyone's liking. It's probably worth checking out reviews and rates of both hotels before booking if you're looking for the best high-end hotel in the best location for sightseeing.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over-rated Definitely over-rated. The only good thing about it is the location although the small pool area is next to a busy road and railway line which is not conducive to relaxation. The rooms were small and our TV did not work and had to be repaired. There were very limited TV channels. The room we were initially allocated reeked of tobacco smoke and it took a while to get relocated.We repeatedly had to ask for toiletries to be replaced.Over-pretentious and not good value for money. Obviously reliant on its name and location.Would not cfhoose to stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BMK1
<Content>Not up to the usual expections of a Four Seasons Four Seasons Sydney is a takeover of a prior hotel--I think the Regent. The rooms are small but well appointed. We had a full harbor view room and the view was great. The front desk staff was friendly, but the concierge desk was shortstaffed, misinformed, unintelligent and screwed up reservations that we had made with them in advance. They did fix the mistakes but were very disorganized. The maid service and trundown were intermittent--and when they did come they didnt even leave a card at night with the weather for the next day. I have stayed in many Four Seasons hotels and this site is not up to the others. However, there location is fantastic, and maybe that is enough for them.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Smaller rooms, but great view and excellent service The room was fairly small and plain, lacking the wow factor we've experienced at some other Four Seasons properties. (But it was also the least expensive Four Seasons we've stayed at). The view was fantastic --the Opera House, Circular Quay, Harbour Bridge, and Rocks District. Our room package included a buffet breakfast each morning, and it was wonderful. Highly recommended.The gym is small but adequate and was never crowded when we were there. The pool area up on the roof is pretty.The service was excellent -- unfailingly prompt and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>caz1949
<Content>Great location Stayed for 5 nights over the New Year period. Rooms was very nice and clean with soft towels in the bathroom and plenty of toiletries. Did,nt eat in any of the restauants so can't comment on the food.Pool was great, heated. Could of done with more loungers though. Service was excellent throughout the hotel.Location was great very close to the Quay and bridge great for New Year Eve.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Excellent Excellent We've been lucky enough to stay at the Four Seasons on several ocassions. Each visit provides excellent service, friendly staff and unbelievable position to access Circular Quay, The Rocks and the City.Even the City View Rooms are worth a try.Afternoon tea in the lobby is divine.Rooms are small but clean with a luxury bathroom and unbelievably comfy beds. You sink into the pillows.The pool area is great for having a relaxing afternoon.Looking forward to our next stay already.We would recommend this hotel to everyone who is coming to Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Guruswife
<Content>Girls weekend Each March my other half and our son have a boys' weekend so this year my 11yo daughter and I decided to join in the experience by having a night in the city.Last Sunday afternoon she went into both the Shangri La and the Four Seasons and made enquiries about room rates, welcome packages for children etc.The receptionist at the Shangri La looked over her head and spoke to the back wall and stopped answering her question halfway thru to serve another person...basically he dismissed her....bad choice...The Four Seasons explained what was on offer and gave her a written pamphlet with room rates etc...no prizes for guessing..she chose Four Seasons (and yes the reception area was just as busy!)I made the phone booking from home and was told if we came in a little early our room would be ready..we arrived just before 1pm and it was... 32nd Floor with full harbour view..not an upgrade but certainly a fantastic spot..The Room..The Four Seasons is the old Regent and room sizes are still indicative of the 70's build. Small but clean and well furnished. All things required and Occitane products in the bathrooms. Fluffy towels etc as you would expect.The Pool...We hit the pool around 3.30pm and were given lounges (no problem finding one) and served with iced water. Service was similar to asia..prompt but unobtrusive..Our cocktails (smoothie for her) took around 10 mins and an apology was given for the delay!! (I don't think 10 mins to make a cocktail and smoothy is an excesively long time)The pool was perfect temperature and a few noodles (foam) and kickboard were supplied. The pool area has more lounges and space than the nearby Hyatt the only drawback being the few trucks on the Cahill ExpresswayFood..We didn't pre reserve at any restaurants so we ate in house at Kables. Food and service equal to any five star restaurant in Sydney (prices to match but that's no surprise). The only drawback would be the lack of view. There was plenty of space and wonderful attentive service.Breakfast was part of our room rate so we dined after a short walk out to Dawes Point. Plenty of variety and the baby smoothies drunk thru a chocolate straw were only surpassed by the best hot chocolate ever (not as good as a brenner tho) as it was frothy and had lots of marshmallows as required.I enjoyed the array of fresh fruit and egg white souffles..Service..As good as any we've had anywhere. Not once were we treated as a little odd (mother and daughter sometimes attracts this) and my daughter was always treated as a valued guest (after all she was really the client I was only the cash provider!)No queues for check in, check out, or breakfast. Staff who genuinely seemd happy to be of service.Location..One of the best spots in Sydney..convenient for all the Quay attractions and esy to get around..not uphill like the Shangri La but being high rise high enough to have a wonderful harbour view..slightly better than Intercontinental as i think more rooms have views of the bridge and Opera House...the price tag of course indicates thisNow all i need to do is convince Guru to take me for a romantic weekendSorry no photos..i put the battery on charge and left home without it!Guruswife  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kolya
<Content>Fantastic location but average hotel! I stayed in this hotel over the New Years Eve celebration from December 29th to January 2, 2006. This hotel has a great location and harbour views. It also offers the best value for money in terms of New Years Eve accommodation in a Sydney hotel with a view of the fireworks over the harbour bridge and the opera house. The service is decent and staff is pleasant and helpful. The hotel, however, is nothing special, certainly not near the standard of some other Four Seasons Hotels. Rooms are very small and smoking floors absolutely stink with cigarettes. I have never stayed in a luxury hotel where this was so bad. Given the time of the year I was not able to change to a non-smoking floor, but luckily the staff could arrange for the room window to be opened and this was very helpful. One night I found a huge cockroach in the bathroom, which was needless to say not very pleasant. The decor in the rooms also is nothing special and the whole plays looks like it could use a makeover. Given the choice I would try a different hotel in Sydney such as Park Hyatt, Westin or Shangri-la before coming back to the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Sydney location! I recently treated my boyfriend to a weekend break in Sydney. I booked an Opera house view room and when we checked in discovered we had been upgraded to a Junior Suite. The room was fantastic! Amazing harbour views with an incredible outlook over Circular Quay and the pool area. I would recommend requesting a higher level room as George Street can be noisy at nights particularly honking horns! The pool is fantastic particularly the cabana tents, the pool staff were very helpful and friendly as we enjoyed a delightful afternoon by the pool. The front desk staff were equally attentive and ingratiating. The breakfast which was included in our rate was impressive catering for all. The location of the hotel is superb. Minutes to The Rocks and the Opera house and ideal for a short stop over in Sydney. This is definitely one of the best hotels in Sydney!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cosmic_dot
<Content>Not up to the Four Seasons name You can't beat the location of the hotel--it's really convenient. Comfortable beds in ridiculously small rooms. Considering this is an older hotel, the decor is acceptable. The concierge staff is the best thing about the hotel. They are consistently helpful and attends to you immediately, well, at least the male ones do. Cab drivers may still refer to this hotel as the Regent or mistake your destination as Four Points hence it's always good to say George St after you've said Four Seasons. A lot of tour groups--especially cruises--stay here and that places a lot of stress on the staff, which is reflected in the degree of cleaniness in my room (well, they could be old stains). Horrible coffee. Breakfast buffet is average. Lunch is good.I am concerned about the competence of the front desk staff though. They are poor in customer relations and executing their job responsibilities. I will spare the details here as they are too long to write. The management keeps promising better service the next time and despite repeated stays, I have to say that there is still much room for improvement. If you don't mind climbing up a small slope, try the Shangri-La. Huge rooms with much better views than the Four Seasons. The staff is also more sincere in assisting customers and are incredibly good in team work and noticing customers' needs. This should probably go to the Shang's review.All in all, this is not your typical Four Seasons where you receive 5-star service and 5-star accomodations.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location for a first time visit. I loved this hotel. I got a great deal when I booked for a stopover for three nights. Being a lone traveller I wanted to stay somewhere that was safe and near all the sights. This was perfect. Its situated a very short walk from the opera house and the Sydney bridge. The hotel was extremely clean, tidy and modern, as was the room (which was very spacious). My room overlooked George Street, which meant no bridge view, but at night the view of George Street all lit up is nice enough. (They could do with adding a few more channels to the television in the room, but at the end of the day I didnt go to Sydney to watch TV!) My room was cleaned twice a day and everything replenished, and the front desk were always very helpful, as were the main door staff...always willing to smile and have a chat about your day. This, for me, was a very friendly hotel to stay at ...with a bit of luxury thrown in for good measure.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChiTown2
<Content>GREAT LOCATION, Great Hotel       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moldy rooms I took a suite on the 34th floor, the walls were coverd with mildu, the service stunk, the pool was dirty, and they wanted big tips!I shold have stayed in the Hyatt  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Amazingplanet
<Content>Small rooms ... but who cares! I am originally from Sydney, and make a point of staying at this hotel whenever in Sydney. It cannot be beaten for overall value. There are some other lovely hotels in Sydney eg. W, Park Hyatt (a personal favourite), but the Four Seasons presents the best value without a doubt.The location is great, if you can get a harbour view room on a relatively high floor, you will not be disappointed. Whilst being very used to the amazing service one experiences throughout hotels in Asia, and always being shocked and disappointed when visiting hotels in places like Australia and the US, I find the Four Seasons service to be great - and I am a fussy camper.Yes the rooms are small, and the desk faces the wall, which is never pleasant if you need to do some work in your room, but try to get out and about and enjoy Sydney for what it is. There might not be many TV channels, as mentioned in someone elses review ... but again ... who cares! You shouldn't be in Sydney to sit in your room and watch TV.The down side would be that the rooms are noisy ie. doors closing in rooms next door etc. Many of the staff are knowledgeable and friendly, but not over the top. The room service is excellent ... but do try to get out and enjoy some of the great restaurants within a short walk.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sionnach
<Content>Honeymoon stay, enjoyable, great location.         
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as charming as The Observatory, but better location and view We had a hard time deciding between The Observatory and the Four Seasons when we visited Sydney, so we tried both out. While both are nice and have top-notch service, here's how I'd describe the basic differences.The Observatory feels a lot smaller and more personal. However, the location isnt as central as the Four Seasons, and there is no view.The Four Seasons is a much bigger property and therefore doesnt feel as personal, but its location couldn't be better. We had a harbor view room that had an absolutely stunning postcard-like view of the bridge and opera house.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>synergest1
<Content>Well worthy the money       view from our window  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>moldavian
<Content>A great location - average hotel A few comments that I have not seen mentioned here:- Have room service set up the table in front of the window (if you have an Opera House view) for a fabulous dinner. The room service food was excellent!- My wife was sick for our entire stay (5 nights) so we rarely left the room. The staff was wonderfull. Room service was able to provide homemade soups, teas and meals that you would want at home if you were sick. The staff provided us with help in locating a doctor and clinic and managed to set up all of the appointments for us. - The number of large gatherings (conferences and such) made this hotel seem too business-like.- Immediately across the street from the rear entrance of the hotel is a great mini-market. They have just about anything you want. They are also very friendly. They have several computers available for internet access.Note: This is nowhere near the best Four Seasons that I have stayed at - thus the average rating. Overall, when categorized with all luxury hotels, this hotel is above average.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tiffani_in_vancouver
<Content>This Hotel Saved Our Trip! What can you say about the Four Seasons Hotel chain in general? OUTstanding.I dare anyone to find better customer service than this hotel chain.We arrived in Sydney after a very long flight. Tried checking into another hotel we had previously booked and it was a disaster. I immediately knew to call the Four Seasons and book. They had a room ready for us immediately. They even upgraded our room at NO extra charge and we had the best view.The beds and linens are always the best here and any other Four Seasons I've stayed at.The customer service is the best I've had at any hotel I've ever stayed at. Wherever I go in the world, I KNOW I can count on the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place!! The location could not be better. The views, gym, food, decor, and service were fantastic!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sbarrow
<Content>better options elsewhere ? Stayed here on business and loved the city. Just a shame the hotel does not live up to the surroundings. A great location (near Circular Quay) and good public areas were let down by small rooms (with tiny twin beds) and indifferent service. Room facilities were also pretty basic for Four Seasons. The staff were friendly but there were too few of them, although the concierge was good. There must be better alternatives in this wonderful city.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It The Best Hotel you could stay in Sydney. Location is the best. The service is very good. The hotel is walking distance to almost every interesting place in Sydney. Unlike the other 5 star hotels. You want to stay in Sydney you Stay in this Hotel. I gave it a four because the rooms are small and not too many interesting T.V chan. like the states.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onholiday2005
<Content>Best Location in Sydney We spent a week, and were lucky to have a suite with view on Opera House et Harbour Bridge. The location is great, the view amazing, the service pretty good.. The food was amongst the best we ever had (including top London and Paris restaurants). What else could anyone ask for? It may be difficult to choose between the differents treatments offered by the beauty salon... If you really trying to find a fault: maybe the TV are not as modern as one could hope... The decor is not exactly the one I would have chosen... Seriously, a brilliant place, highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!               
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>watchthedog
<Content>Four Seasons Sydney, Top Notch We arrived in Sydney on 6/21/05. Spent 2 nights at the Four Seasons Sydney. From the doormen that unload your luggage and open the doors to the hotel for you to the greeting at reception, you know that you are in for a wonderful stay.We signed up for the additional AU$90 per couple to join their Executive Club which included full buffet breakfast, snacks and beverages, canapes and alcoholic drinks - it was well worth it. We came to celebrate my husband's birthday and they even delivered a birthday cake with a personal note from the hotel manager while I was enjoying the best massage I've ever had. The facial was so relaxing that I even fell asleep...It is well situated next to the Rocks and a short stroll from the ferries that take you to Darling Harbour, Manly, etc. Right across the street from the hotel is a bus stop and you can jump on a bus and go to Paddy's Market and China Town. We walked one morning from the hotel to the Queen Victoria Building - beautiful with lovely shops and had breakfast at Bacio. The concierge held our luggage on the last day after we checked out and made our shuttle arrangements back to the airport. I am SO glad we stayed here...  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel! This is a great hotel. Don't believe the other reviews that this is a sub par hotel. While on the one hand the rooms were not nearly as nice as other Four Seasons we've stayed at in the US and Europe, the staff and service was fantastic. We were on our honeymoon and they upgraded us to a harbour view room -- great views of the Quay, the Opera House and the Bridge. If you're into great service, this is the place to stay. We stayed at Sheraton on the Park for a few days as well and, although the rooms were a bit nicer, the Four Seasons is hands down a better run hotel. We can't recommend it highly enough!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>Good but could be better I have stayed many times going back to when it was the Regent. The hotel is probably the best in Sydney, but well below world class standards of 4S elsewhere in Asia, MO, or Peninsula. Indeed, I wish one of these other hotel companies would locate in Sydney.The location and view are wonderful. However, the hotel has taken to hosting conventions. When I last stayed in April 2005, a crowd of insurance salespeople and their spouses had taken over the hotel. I try never to stay at hotels where people are walking around with convention nametags, and the insurance crowd was rather loud and somewhat obnoxious.The 4S should decide whether it is a true 5-star hotel. Otherwise, with the growth of the Australian economy one of the better companies will build in Sydney and I await that day to change hotels.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Four Seasons for 4 nights at the beginning of our honeymoon to Australia and New Zealand. All I can say is FABULOUS. A perfect location with top notch service.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DipCourier
<Content>As Close to Perfect as Possible No hotel is perfect; but, the Four Seasons offers the best compromise for the price and location. There is no better location in Sydney; but, the Quay can be noisy and expensive. Rooms are average; but adequate, clean and nicely appointed. Restaurants on the Rocks are overpriced; but if you search some of the back-streets you can find reasonable places. The historic Australian Hotel up the hill from the Rocks and close to the entrace to the Sydney Harbour Bridge is an excellent pub and restaurant.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous My stay at the Four Seasons in Sydney was too short. The hotel could not be in a more convenient and wonderful area of the city. The lobby was appealing and the staff was courteous and pleasant. My room had a view of the harbour and the opera house. I was staying at this hotel prior to a cruise with Princess and was able to watch my ship arrive from my room. Further, the hotel could not be in a better location. You are steps away from circular quay, the rocks, and the opera house. Thank you Four Seasons for providing a wonderful retreat from a busy day sightseeing magnificent Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best View in the World!       A Hotel Room View to Dream About!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rach0307
<Content>Unforgettable experience I will forever remember Sydney because of my experience with the Four Seasons. Service was excellent from all aspects. The rooms were well-stocked, and comfortable. The extra bed was rolled in promptly and just as comfortable as the queen bed in the suite. All requests were fulfilled promptly from iron and board to the power converter so I can charge my notebook. Staff in the lobby were courteous and helpful. The gym/spa staff were also helpful and considerate. Overall, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgalTN
<Content>Amazing views! I stayed at this hotel in December 2003. The location was fantastic - right on the harbor and walking distance to so much. Try to ask for rooms with the views - we had an amazing view of the Harbour Bridge and the Opera House - fantastic! The room wasn't that luxurious, but it was very nice and clean. I did have one problem with a maid moving and hiding clothing items, but I am sure that was a one-time deal. I plan on returning to Sydney and would stay at this hotel again in a minute. Lovely.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NRT
<Content>Vey nice, fantastic location I have stayed at this hotel several times, and I would have to say that it is probably the best located hotel in Sydney. The views of the harbor and the bridge are unbelievable.The rooms have a very modern look, and are luxurious in an understated way. The bathrooms are huge and very attractive. Other reviewers have noted that the rooms are smallish - maybe I've just been fortunate, but I've always had very spacious rooms at the Four Seasons. The service is fine, but not exceptional. The lobby is also fine, but nothing special. When I first began staying here, I thought it was a bargain. However, it seems like the price just keeps going up. At the current rates (I think the last rate I was quoted was around 450+ AUD), there are better choices in Sydney. On my last trip I stayed at the InterContinental for almost half that price. It is quite similar to the Four Seasons, and I expect to stay there the next time I'm in Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Your Best Bet in Sydney Felt like we wasted a bunch of money for three nights in mid-November 2004. As mentioned, rooms were smallish but more than that - the lobby is dowdy and staff hide behind their counters. None of us ever actually had the doorman open the door for us. The rooms are also set up so there are often three doors next to each other and one can hear the foot traffic.Good: Hotel is really in Circular Quay - which means it is very convenient to Starbucks and the ferry boats. Linens were nice and the gym staff were excellent. Very relaxing private spa feel to locker room and clean equipment.Bad: Largest outdoor hotel pool in Sydney isn't saying much for Sydney. Concierge staff always glued to their headsets and never seem to finish with their other clients. Bit far if you'd like to travel to the shopping areas. I'd say try the nearby Shangri-La.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>agree with others This used to be a regent hotel. It is not what i expected from a four seasons property. The first room we saw was very small and is representative of most of the rooms in the hotel. However, upon expressing our dissatisfaction, we were immediately put in a much nicer room. We were much happier... The pool was under renovation and we were sent to another hotel next door with a very average facility. One of the concierges was rather clueless as well and kept sending us to places which were not at all what we asked for. The location is fantastic. I am probably being over picky simply because it is a four seasons. But all in all we did have a wonderful stay at the hotel. I think the staff did as best they could with the property and worked hard to make our stay pleasurable.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, average hotel room We stayed here for a week at the beginning of August. We have stayed at other Four Seasons before so we were really looking forward to this part of our trip. The location was excellent for tourists, right beside circular quay. However, the room was quite disappointing. Small and dated. We have been to Sydney a couple times before and experienced rooms in the city to be quite small. However, we had expected more from the Four Seasons. So room was disappointing. I don't know if they were having a busy week or not, but the service was also only average. After the first night, I asked the front desk if an upgrade was available to a harbourview room (ready to pay the upgrade price). The desk said they will look into it and let me know. I told her we will be out for the day and expected to come back to some good news. Not only did we not get good news, we got no news at all. They never got back to me that day or any day of our trip. I decided not to bother following up as we weren't in the room too often anyways. However, the hotel was disappointing. The Shangri-La was right behind the hotel and seemed to tower over the Four Seasons as a newer, bigger hotel. I will try another luxury hotel the next time I am in Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Honeymoon Experience My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights on our Honeymoon. You can't beat the view from the suites - on one side the Opera House, and the other Harbor Bridge. The rooms were more modern in design, with an extremely comfortable king size bed. The bathrooms were a sight to be seen, with a large oversized soaking tub, separate european shower, and a full sitting area - just in the bathroom.The staff were fantastic. After telling them we were on our honeymoon, we were upgraded to the top floor, given a bottle of champagne every night, and were given a gift basket as a congratulation on our new marriage. All free. I couldn't believe their hospitality. All the staff knew our names from the front desk, to the doorman, to the concierge. What a great experience. If you are going to be in Sydney for a special once-in-a-lifetime trip - be sure to stay at this hotel. You will not be dissappointed.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dbasha
<Content>Good, but not great   showReview(2432914, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DocCarlos
<Content>Not what you expect from Four Seasons   showReview(2331081, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Disappointment   showReview(2313274, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrummieMoneypenny
<Content>A little noisy but very classy   showReview(2265583, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty nice   showReview(1754635, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect, the only place to stay in sydney   showReview(1620912, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>krisbeee
<Content>fantastic all around       view of Sydney Harbour from our room  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but not 4-seasons quality   showReview(1503389, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteveGNewMilton
<Content>Superlative Service at 4 Seasons   showReview(1447138, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kranky
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1439468, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠˆî‚å„¦éŠ‰â”¿å„šéŠˆï¸ºå£éŠ‡å²ƒî›°éŠ‡å ›å€ é–®ã„¥çœ¿   showReview(21745280, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>naruminmin
<Content>éŠˆî¬å„­éŠ‰å¬¨å„éŠˆï½ƒäº´éŠ‰î…œå—éŠˆæž«åªéŠ‰?#x201d;   showReview(20517242, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situèŒ… trçŒ«s proche de circular quay et des grands magasins   showReview(11334223, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JaviK
<Content>Unico!   showReview(5185108, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ‡ä¿±ä»›éŠ†ä½ºç¡éŠ‡å¬¨å€éŠ‡î†¾æº€éŠˆä½µä»¹...   showReview(19926743, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¥‚æ¨¼ç¤†éŠ‰æ¶–å„éŠ‰î‚ å€éŠ‡æ¤¼äº¸éŠ†ä½¸å”´...   showReview(19925629, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç€¹ãˆ î…»éŠ‡å¬¨å€éŠˆî‚å„¦éŠ‰â”¿å„šéŠˆï¸ºå£...   showReview(19925362, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

