<Author>MCTAI
<Content>This is what i call a "Hotel Experience" Have you watched Lost in translation? This is the type of Tokyo hotel depicted in the movie. It's just awesome. Location: just across from Shibuya station, can't miss it. Checkin: polite, efficient.... wham porter takes you to the room, explains everything and leave you politely with a bowView: OMG!! Tokyo is best viewed at night, from top down, thru the big windows of this hotel (Make sure you get a room facing Yokohama)Beds: comfy clean and bigBathroom: again, another awesome part of the experience. includes a glass door shower area + soaking tub.... and they also pipe music into it :) TV: I expect a hotel of this age to have a flat screen, but it didn't, of well, who cares about the TV.The hotel also has like 5 different restaurants and some bars, concert hall and some other venuePorter service is also tip top, need anything? just ask and they'll figure it out for you.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelMonkey41
<Content>Loved Cerulean Cerulean is a rare find in Tokyo - it's a luxury hotel with a price that wont make your heart stop beating. It isn't cheap (at all) but in Tokyo if you stay somewhere cheap, you're going to end up wishing you had forked over some more money for decent place to sleep.We stayed on a fairly high floor, and requested a corner room. The room was -- wow. Breathtaking views, comfy beds, and the bathroom was fantastic. From the bathtub, I could look out over the city and sip my wine, and it felt almost like a honeymoon spot. The staff was very cordial and helpful, when one of my friends became lost, she called the hotel and they put notes on each of our bags (which were at the front desk), so that when we came to claim the bags, we saw big notes which said Friend at airport marriott the number is... this was incredibly helpful since we were all quite frantic. The area it's in is really lively and there are tons of places to grab some food, shop, and just wander around. This is one of my favorite places to stay in Tokyo, and I've sampled quite a few. It's a great value for the money in my opinion.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>revcaf
<Content>Nice hotel in good location We stayed here for 8 nights in Nov. and Dec. 2008. It was an extremely clean, well-appointed hotel. We easily made the walk from the Shibuya train station to the hotel with rolling luggage and that station is really convenient for getting around Tokyo. There were some good restaurants close by, including Kaikaya which was our favorite restaurant in Tokyo. Surprisingly, there was also a great wood-burning oven pizza place a couple of blocks away called al forno. We weren't completely impressed with the room service and restaurant selections, but exploring Tokyo's awesome food scene is best anyway. Another serious convenience--the hotel has a 7-11 on the second floor. No slurpees, but they do have an international atm, beer, pocky, and other funky snacks for those late night munchie runs.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jo_Wicky
<Content>Only if you have no fear of heights or earthquakes Great hotel, conventient for Shibuya station. Very tall hotel and we stayed on the 40 something floor. I was a little nervous, dreaming about earthquakes and all the stairs I would have to walk down in an emergency. However the views of Tokyo are amazing from the hotel, so much so that there are queues for the cocktail bar at the top floor but we didn't have to wait too long. Rooms are excellent standard, clean and very modern.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SHJMAustralia
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location We stayed at Cerulean Hotel over four nights in November and found it to be a great hotel in an excellent location. Upon our arrival we were instantly upgraded to an executive room with a spectacular view at no extra cost. The room we had was quiet, comfortable and clean with a great bathroom.The restaurants and bars are of a high standard, staff were friendly and very helpful. Just be aware of the baggage handling fee, we were not told about this until we were checking out. Overall Cerulean is a very nice hotel, I would not hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>picciona
<Content>Excellent hotel and service       Another night-view of Tokyo from the 40th floor bar  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AGlining
<Content>Great location, fun district and nearby a major subway/train station We usually stay at the Peninsula when in Tokyo for business, but a Japanese colleague recommened the Cerulean. The location was great, walking distance to the side-streets of Shibuya and the Shibuya train station which has connections to many of the major tourist sights. The hotel itself was adequate and clean. Service was good, but still not compable to five star hotels like the Peninsula or Four Seasons. A friend mentioned the Italian restaurant there was good, but we didn't have the chance to try it.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingG123
<Content>Fantastic place -- cerulean Was in Tokyo for 3 nights for business. Our Japanese colleagues has suggested Cerulean and, after reading the tripadvisor reviews, we decided to accept their suggestion.Based on what I'd read here, I asked if there were any corner rooms available when I checked in. The man at the desk offered me a much more expensive corner room. I declined, as it would have increased the rate from 3500Yen to 5000 -- too much for my company's blood (and I was traveling with the boss).The main at the desk then thought about it and said, Will you be coming to Tokyo frequently? I said, Oh yes.He said, You seem like you know a lot about the hotel. [True -- thanks to Tripadvisor reviews!] How about you join the Cerulean guest club (for 500Yen = $5) and I give you a free upgrade to a corner room?Since I was staying three nights, this was the best $5 I ever spent at a hotel!The hotel room was exceptional. The view overlooking Shibuya is tremendous. I could see the mobs of people crossing the big intersection 32 stories above and off in the distance. Very cool.Our group ate at the Mediterranean restaurant one night. I wouldn't recommend it. The food was ok, but incredibly expensive. The beer was $10 for a small glass. I had a shrimp risotto that was tasty, but small portions. The menu is also quite small.The staff was very friendly. I enjoyed the view from the bathtub and there were plenty of nearby shopping and restaurants so it was a fun place to take a walk.The breakfast in the lobby restaurant was pretty good. Not a huge selection, but enough to fill us up. If you want something lighter, walk to the Starbucks not far away.The Shibuya train station is almost directly across the street, so that is a major convenience too if you will be doing any train traveling in Tokyo.If I make it back to Tokyo, Cerulean would be on the top of my list.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>janeeyre
<Content>awesome hotel! I recently stayed here on a business trip to Tokyo. The view from my room on the 32nd floor was stunning. The rooms are spacious, clean and very comfortable. The staff was helpful with directions, restaurant reservations, intenational dialing support, everything! Nothing bad to say at all. I stayed at The Four Seasons last time and this hotel is much better.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>devious0ne
<Content>Love this Hotel... I cant really say to much with out spoiling the suprise. This hotel rocks, and being a frequent traveler to Tokyo, I dont need to even show ID anymore upon check in. Can I tell you that I left something in the room during my last stay and 6 months later checking into my new reservation I asked if it was still in lost and found and it was.The Gym rocks, dont eat the food there, I went to the Excelser Cafe, the bar is breathtaking, and beer is good.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tadzy
<Content>Loved the Cerulean       Tokyo Tower  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>swampy511
<Content>Wow...fantastic hotel with amazing views       Morning view from the bedroom  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>woozal
<Content>Very classy We arrived soaked by a sudden rainstorm and the staff immediately appeared with towels to dry us and our luggage down. So sweet! The service, rooms and breakfast were second to none. We were travelling with teenagers who loved the Harijuku fashion district only 2 stops away on subway. Loved Tokyo, so clean and efficient.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xksb
<Content>By no means perfect Let's start with the good. The hotel's lobby is the biggest I have seen in downtown Tokyo. The location is great - once you know your way around the overhead bridge. Their staff are polite, eager to help, spoke good English - a rare skill in Japan.The rooms (we had two), are spacious in Tokyo standards. They were also very clean and had great views overlooking Shibuya.Now the disappointments. I booked a room to house three people and booked via the internet - expedia. However, upon check in we realise the room accommodated two people and an extra bed cost an extra 5,000 yen/night. In no fault of the hotel, shops in Shibuya closes relatively early. If you are in Japan and keen on experiencing night life the Tokyo way, I suggest you stay in Shinjuku.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Evenhanded
<Content>Absolutely the best hotel experience I've ever had! Absolutely the best hotel experience I've ever had, bar none.I travel frequently for business, and my experience at this hotel surpassed that of any other stay. When you get to the higher-end hotels, the minute details are what make the difference, and there were no shortage of those here. Since everyone else has spoken in general terms about the hotel, here are a few of the details.I came back from my day and tossed the business cards from my briefcase on the desk. The next day, after I returned to my room, the business cards were sorted into piles, by company, and stacked in perfectly square piles next to each other. I left my pants crumbled up on the bed. They were perfectly folded when I returned. Rather than disturbing where my things were in the bathroom, they moved the hand towels to the other side of the counter top.Everyone wants perfection in a room but has to settle for second best. We all subconsciously accept defects in the room, like a handle that doesn鈥檛 work right, a scratch on the counter, or a dent in the fridge. But there wasn鈥檛 a single defect in the room that I could find, and the quality of construction was superb. The grout lines in the granite on the walls was so perfect, they were art. There were great details like the way the granite tile was rabbited where it came together, details that they didn鈥檛 have to do, but did. There were no scratches, dents, rips, smudges, in anything in the room. And the service was incredible. Others have described the quality of the staff. I鈥檒l cite one example. My colleague and I were taking the 11:50 a.m. shuttle to the airport. We had been asked to be at the porter鈥檚 desk by 11:40 a.m. I was running late packing and hadn鈥檛 yet checked out. At 11:38 a.m., the phone rang: 鈥淢r. name, are you still planning on taking the 11:50 p.m. train to the airport.鈥?鈥淵es I am.鈥?鈥淰ery well, you must hurry.鈥?I got down to the checkout desk at 11:42 a.m. Two people were waiting for me with my bill already pulled. While I checked the bill, a porter came to me and apologized, but she needed to take my suitcase to the bus. She handed me a tag and whisked it away. Another person apologized, explained to me that they would call us in just a few minutes and motioned for me to sit in the lobby. In one minute a woman came through the lobby with a sign saying 鈥?1:50 p.m. Narita Bus鈥? I watched as simultaneously each bus passenger (ten or so people sprinkled about the lobby, intermixed with other people not waiting for the bus) was approached by a staff member and invited to follow the woman with the sign. The woman walked us to an escalator holding the sign and motioned us onto it. She then ran down the stairs next to the escalator (presumably out of respect), and directed us out to the bus. There was no way they could have made that experience better for me.I have many more examples about the quality, but you get the idea. Superb!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ixion
<Content>Great hotel, amazing service I've stayed here many times on business. It is walking distance to the Shibuya area and the Shibuya train station with access to the JR Line. The service is impeccable. Everywhere you go, there's someone there to greet you. They handle your bags, press the elevator button for you, just impeccable service. I would recommend this hotel. I have also stayed at the Grand Hyatt (best hotel in Tokyo) and the Hilton Shinjuku (old outdated hotel) and the Intercontinental Yokohama (great hotel). Pro: - nice modern rooms, good size rooms by Japanese standards- impeccable service - comfortable beds, with three types of pillows including memory foam pillows- nice work desk area- Gigabit Ethernet interface in the room, internet access tested at 25Mbps download- Awesome buffet breakfast, very high quality food, but EXPENSIVE- Great restaurants in the hotel - Walking distance to Shibuya where there are tons of restaurants and bars Con:- outrageously expensive buffet breakfast (3,000 yen) - not affiliated with any major frequent guest program such as Hyatt, Hilton, etc Tip:- I recommend taking the LimoBus to and from Narita airport, you can buy your ticket at the hotel desk and they will handle your bag for you, it is so much more convenient than taking the train because it is door to door and you don鈥檛 need to carry your luggage around the train stations  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorker03
<Content>Competent buisness hotel in fantastic location I had a short stay here at the end of May. It has a fantastic location about 2 city blocks from Shibuya train station and all of the Shibuya shops  entertainment are right around the corner. The hotel service staff is friendly and seem to be well-trained (but isn't that the case in all of Japan). My room was on the 21st floor and it faced north to Shinjuku. It was a big room with plenty of space. The bed was a wee bit too hard I thought. Surprisingly, the TV isn't a flat screen newer model. The bathroom was of good size but its layout was quite odd because the toilet faced the wall.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>johnsmith47
<Content>Great business hotel in the hangout for Tokyo Youth The Cerulean was a great experience. The staff was attentive and friendly. We had a room with a great view of a park and the nightlife in Shibuya. The room was nicely decorated, and big enough for two and had a great path with granite tile, a bidet and a terrific shower in an area next to the tub. Not too practical if you owned it, but fine with maid service to clean the room. Great but expensive buffet. Lots of good restaurants close by. But Shibuya is the gathering place for Tokyo youth, hordes of them. You will feel out of place if you are a Westerner and older. But they are polite. There are a couple of train lines across the street. Express bus service goes from Narita directly to the hotel every hour. You can take the express train to Shinjuku, a few stops away and then take a Japan Rail line to Shibuya. If you're not dragging a lot of big bags, that would be faster. The Tokyo subway is great and it's easy to get around the city. Taxis are very expensive, so avoid them unless you are taking short trips.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Melbourneguy
<Content>Perfect The selection of a Tokyo hotel can be tricky given the size of the city. The Cerulean Tower Tokyu Hotel is located in Shibuya and after having stayed here for 4 nights I believe it is perfectly located for exploring Tokyo's neighbouring Wards.All that has been previously written about this hotel I totally agree with. Firstly the hotel is easily accessed from Narita by the Airport Limousine Bus - its a door to door service and it took roughly 1 hour 20 minutes in each direction. The Cerulean is one of only 2 hotel drop off points for Shibuya. The Cerulean has an impressive entrance and grand foyer which is ultra minimalistic in its design. Huge windows look onto a formal Japanese garden - it all makes for a wonderful first impression. Check in is brisk and efficient. We also used the Concierge several times and the staff were all friendly and knowledgeable. Rooms are located from floors 19 to 37 and this is the selling point for this property - all have incredible panoramic views from large windows. All of Tokyo seems layed out before you. They are nicely fitted out in the less is more Japanese style and are quite spacious by Japanese standards. The bathrooms are also generously proportioned. Lastly - the hotel is within quick walking distance to Shibuya Railway Station and the famed Shibuya Crossing which has be seen to be believed.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>wunderlust2007
<Content>Best location The cerulean room was a little small but every hotel room in tokyo is small. The view from my room was amazing. We could see as far as the mountains and the wide expanse of tokyo. At night the views were magical. Then Shibuya is RIGHT THERE. You can walk to tokyu hands! You have the rail right there. Seriously I would never stay elsewhere...plus the service was impeccable. To this day, I have never stayed in a place that had that much attention to your comfort, We needed toothpaste and within 2 seconds there was a bellhop with toothpaste, an adapter, 2 minutes, a pen, anything and they were at our doorstep.So stay at the cerulean. They have everything you need and its in the heart of tokyo. And then take a walk through the love hotels and eat at Gonpachi. Truly memorable experience.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grisgrisca
<Content>OUTSTANDING - Location and price fantastic For my third visit to Tokyo I decided to forego staying at a more expensive hotel where I stayed previously and asked the Embassy to try the Cerulean in view of its location as my 24 year old son was coming out to join me (on airline points). The location at Chibuya puts one within a short walk of an endless number of restaurants and all kinds of shopping. If one wants the high end stores then there were several department stores with all the high end possible.(Worth a visit just to see the quality of merchandise with men's shirts starting at $165 and ties at $100..and one of these great department stores even had a real theatre pipe organ where a young lady was giving a mid-morning performance). My son found a store (Ulo I think) nearby where he could not believe the deals and ended up buying so much I had to carry home a pile of t-shirts (at $19 each) and a linen sports jacket at $49. To visit Chibuya Square at 10pm and see literally hundreds lined up obediently waiting for the light to cross and then they come like a tidal wave of humanity...sit upstairs at Starbucks and marvel at the Times Square of Tokyo). And a tip with all the many restaurants, go to the top floor of the department stores..you will find a dozen restaurants and all reasonably priced with excellent food..in fact I have lived and travelled over much of the world over 35 years and have never eaten so well so reasonably.Now as for the hotel all I can say is outstanding. First the staff are so courteous and helpful..the concierge insisted in wallking me outside to show me the 711 which is in the hotel where there is an ATM and the chamber maid refused any tip..what a change from almost anywhere! As many other reviews point out the room is quite spacious, well and tastefully furnished, the internet at $10 a day worked perfectly on my laptop, but the bathroom is to write about...we loved the walk-in marble shower with glass separation so the bathroom does not get steamed up. Beds are very comfortable with European duvets and three types of pillows so I had my favourite down-filled. The fridge has room to add a few things of your own...(I was surprised that they did not provide an ice bucket or wine glasses, only regular drink glasses). The breakfast is excellent and well presented but like any top hotel at $30 for the buffet a little pricy especially when outside nearby the Starbucks or a myriad of other little coffee shops offer sufficient for less than $10...even $5. The hotel gave me a room facing away from the Square on the 27th floor but at my request moved me when my son arrived to a room on the 37th overlooking what I call Tokyo's Central Park with all the skyscrapers like the Hyatt in the distance..incredible view night or day and on top Mount Fuji as well became visible one weekend of my 2 week stay. The beauty of this hotel is that although next a major cross-city 6 lane roadway because the rooms are all on 20 or above floors with excellent sound-proofing there is absolutely no outside sound except an occasional helicopter. And finally it was well worth the price to have dinner in the bar on the 42nd floor..incredible view..(the French restaurant is one star Michelin but expect $100 a person minimum)...the only complaint about the bar is that the non-smoking is in a small area so we preferred to be in the smoking area with the incredible view and the ventilation system was so good despite the two men smoking cigars nearby we could not smell the cigars. With pre-dinner drinks, wine, a full three course meal for 4 persons and after dinner brandy plus the cover charge of $8 each the meal came to just under $300. On top of everything, I can only praise the excellent and very courteous helpful service at all times..wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>4_outof_7
<Content>Fantastic in every way. Tokyo, Japan was the first of several stops on a 10-day Japan roller-coaster style vacation. After making it through customs, traveling on the N'EX to Tokyo Station, then hopping on the JR Yamanote line to Shibuya (as a travel tip, purchase a Japan Rail Pass in advance of your departure), we were ready for a brief period of relaxation at our hotel. The Cerulean, from the minute we steped into the hotel, was just what we needed. The hotel has everything a weary traveler requires, including a spa, workout room, pool (for a fee), and several restaurants for a first evening after a long flight. It is also centrally located, approximately 3 minutes from Shibuya Station on foot. By JR rail or subway, a resident of the Cerulean is no more than 30 minutes from any major site in Tokyo. The rooms of the Cerulean are immaculate, and are certainly on par with many American 5-star hotels. They each come with a dramatic view, regardless of your floor. If you feel lucky, and are able to catch Tokyo on a relatively smog-free day, ask for a room facing south for a view of Mt. Fuji. During our stay in Tokyo, we were able to see other hotels, including the Park Hyatt (of Lost in Translation fame) and the Prince Park. While both hotels are nice, for the money do yourself a favor and book at the Cerulean. If you have any questions, or are interested in a Tokyo-centered activity once you reach the hotel, ask for the concierge, Yoko. She speaks excellent English, and goes out of her way to make your stay in Tokyo a little bit better. Here is another quick tip for Tokyo-goers interested in sushi. No matter what you read, or who you speak with, the Tsukiji fish market is the ONLY place a rationally-minded individual should go to for sushi. After eating at one of the oldest (and supposedly best) sushi places in Tokyo, there is little difference in quality or selection (although an unbelievably huge difference in price). For the money, and to keep your child's college fund in tact, go to Diawa-zushi in Tsukiji.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>violet37
<Content>Best hotel we ever stayed at! We stayed here at both the beginning and end of our trip, so experienced two different rooms. The first was a deluxe double, which was a corner room on the 31st floor with two double beds. It was marvelous. Immaculately clean, contemporary design, spacious (and not just for Japan!) and very well thought out in so many ways. Take for example the desk - it was situated at right angles to the corner window, alongside a small counter containing a lamp with a dimmer switch, numerous outlets, telephone jack and Ethernet port, pen and paper, and tissues. In the desk drawer was a LAN cable! As I set up my laptop, I realized that my power cord had a 3-prong plug and the outlet was only for a two-prong plug. A call to housekeeping brought the adaptor to my room in minutes. The climate control worked beautifully in the room, there were 3 of each towel for two people, and two different bathrobes for each of us. There were both a normal and a buckwheat pillow on each bed, and extras in the closet. The comforters were thick and comfy and warm. And yes, they change the duvet cover every day. It's an awesome process - if you get a chance, watch them do it - you'll learn how to make a really awkward process easy and quick!Our second stay was in an Executive Double on the 33rd floor which can only be accessed by using your key in the elevator. It was almost exactly the same room, but on a different corner, and this one was set up with a third bed for my daughter. It was a cot - but more of a portable bed than what you would think of as a cot, not some thin flimsy piece of junk. There was plenty of room even with it, and they rearranged the other furniture so we could still use the sofa and chairs. The Executive room added a DVD player to the flat screen tv (though they don't rent or sell DVDs, so if you want to watch, bring your own!). It also added complimentary bottles of water, and the 3-prong plug adaptor was already in the desk socket. It included breakfast in the Executive lounge on the 35th floor. I have seen several people complain here about the crowds there - we did not experience that. We ate there on a Sunday and a Monday morning, and it was very quiet both times, with plenty of choices, and they refilled things constantly. It was fine - although the buffet we paid for downstairs in the lobby in the Garden Cafe was absolutely outstanding! But it was $25 pp.As a matter of fact, all the food we ate at the hotel was outstanding. The service was excellent. Everything was excellent about the dining experiences except of course the prices. As in every other hotel I've stayed at in Japan, the prices were exorbitant. But when you're exhausted and it's cold and rainy out and you don't want to experiment any more for one meal, it's an awesome treat...I'm not going to repeat what all the other reviews said about the awesome views, fabulous bathrooms, etc. other than to agree.Overall, if you can afford it and want to be pampered, stay here. I can't imagine staying anyplace in Tokyo other than this if I ever go back!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlobeRoamer
<Content>GOOD VALUE but not in love This hotel came well recommended and... yes... in relatively expensive Tokyo it offers okay bang for buck. The rooms are small and the best thing in my room was the bathroom...but..they are often great in Japan. I was put off by the room being twin and not double as booked. Access to the fitness facilites cost and a lot (as do most services at the hotel) from what I can remember. Room service is fast and good. There is a good turndown service though. The business center is expensive and not adequate for the huge size of the hotel. The location is good for those more drawn to Shibuya. Stay here if you get a good rate and insist HEAVILY on a double bed. Its good but I havent been back.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>kiwi400
<Content>Yes! Stay Here! GREAT room service. Nice rooms. Quiet. Very modern. Super location 4 mins walk from Shibuya station - although super hard to find if taking train from Narita (45 mins) then to town, switching to another train to then walk to hotel.....you MUST take the bus right ot the hotel! Easy peasy.Overall hotel - killer. The bar at top is fantastic with awesome views.Stay here - a little more expensive but well worth it.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QueenTravel
<Content>A great find!       View from rm. 3105  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Macinato
<Content>Love The Cerulean As a single traveller, I was well recieved. The ambiance through modern is very warm. My room, on the 25th floor with a panaramic view, was large, well appointed, and spotlessly clean. I loved the Japanese bath, fluffy robes, and the Somo bath products were the best. I am not a good sleeper but I needed a wake-up call. The bed was divine. I loved the crisp linens and long to buy the duvet (if only I knew where).The young evening porter at the Transportation Desk directed me to a nearby bookshop to find a Japanese comic book for a Christmas present and assured me the area was safe. It is an area where there are lots of people out on the streets and I, too, was out walking and shopping late in the evening feeling a sense of adventure in the air. At 9:45 p.m., the bookstore was packed and I found a variety of comic books from which to choose. The only glitch was supper in the Carmelo room after a late arrival from Kyoto. When the restaurant manager was made aware, he took care of the problem and the next morning when I arrived for breakfast, he greeted me warmly and was very attentive to my needs. I would happily stay at The Cerulean on my return trip to Tokyo. I would like to get to know the Shibuya area better.....Los Angeles, CA. Resident  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shoonthego
<Content>Great stay but pool is for adults only The location, service and amenities are excellent. The room size is quite large and the bathroom amenties, design, materials and detailing are superb. I could see Mt Fuji from my hotel window this evening. This hotel exceeded my expectations in every way except one - the fabulous pool facilities do not admit children under 18. As you can imagine, this was a terrible disappointment to my 10 year old son. I sincerely hope the hotel changes this policy in the future.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mark_from_Thailand
<Content>Great hotel, good location I have stayed here several times  find it great. Rooms are very clean (as you'd expect in Tokyo)  relatively large. All facilities are there.Breakfast is good, with freshly squeezed orange juice as well as all the basics.Check in can be typically regimented Japanese style but very efficient  fast.Getting to the airport is very easy  efficient again - via the limousine bus (not sure what is 'limousine' about it but it is great  gets you there relatively fast).Access to the GREAT shopping  night life is Shibuya is 100m from the front of the hotel.Only slight negative are the TV channels - you need to be clever to get English working.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>cyrille_paris
<Content>Perfect combination - well above similarly priced hotels Very modern and sleek yet personnable hotel - just one word: for the price of another old-fashioned 4/5 star hotel, you are going to stay in a prime location coupled with top personnel and incredible views  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>boston_tripadviser
<Content>Great hotel in cool area of Tokyo       Room with a view  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missie22
<Content>Fantastic hotel and location - the best place to stay in Tokyo I have stayed in quite a few hotels in Tokyo now on business and this is by far the best.Firstly, it's location - in the heart of Shibuya and within 2 minutes walk of the subway station and you can get everywhere you need to.Secondly, it's one of the tallest buildings in Tokyo, a real sky scraper and you get the best views of Tokyo - the rooms have massive panoramic windows and you can marvel at the density and diversity of the city - great at night.The rooms, as always in Tokyo are fantastic and have everything you need - fluffy bath robes, little hair brushes, great toiletries and everything - I was on the executive floor, so can't say whether this is the same throughout the hotel.A really nice big bed, with lovely bed linen and furnished fantastically - I really couldn't knock this hotel, it's stylish, sophisticated, comfortable and excellent service.Take a trip to the sky lounge for a drink...but beware the prices, just make it the one!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sks120n
<Content>Great Hotel This was a wonderful hotel in a great location. As a first timer to Tokyo and a solo traveler, I couldn't have picked a better hotel. The location was perfect, a few blocks from the heart of Shibuya. The service was friendly and helpful. The ladies at the concierge desk were very generous with maps and information. The hotel bar had a wonderful view as did my room. The beds were heavenly and the view from my bathtub was awesome! If this hotel is in your budget I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>strawberi
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, in a perfect location! The hotel is lovely, the staff speak good english and rooms are fantastic. We had a non smoking room on a high floor and the view was amazing. Shibuya is a great area to stay in as there are many shopping centres, the train station is five minuts away from the hotel and even at 3am there are people roaming the streets ! Great Experience , would definately recommend this hotel !  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Kakuhisa
<Content>Great Hotel -- ask for larger room. Upon reading the reviews, I can recommend one thing. When checking in, ask for one of the larger rooms (on each floor, there are 4-6 rooms that have a different layout than the standard rectangle room). My colleagues and I stayed here for 4 nights on a recent business trip, and two of us (for the exact same price as everyone else's room) got a separate shower, bath tub with large window view of Tokyo, spacious bed with sofa and chairs.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjb22
<Content>Good location but overall a disappointment. Stayed at this hotel for 8 days in August 2007. Firstly, the positive. It's in a good location, very close to the subway station which can be difficult to negotiate at first but is worth the effort. Secondly, the staff at the hotel are friendly and helpful but, and this leads on to the first negative, the standard of English spoken is very poor. Any problems which would not be covered by a standard phrasebook are beyond them and this can lead to a difficult stay at this hotel. Also, although the rooms have internet ports for laptops, there are only two computers at the hotel available for guests. They are located in the business centre and have to be paid for - that's if you can get on them. The room was also a disappointment. Although the view of the city was spectacular, the carpet had several nasty-looking stains and clearly needed to be cleaned properly. Overall, i just wasn't impressed with Tokyo, full-stop and this hotel was symbolic of that feeling.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>placemaker
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location My wife and I stayed at the Cerulean for 5 nights in July. It was our first time in Tokyo and we chose this hotel based on the reviews here at TA. We really enjoyed the comfortable room, great bathroom with japanese style shower/bath enclosure. The room itself was spacious and well appointed, no discrepancy between what has been reported by other travellers. We did not experience any of the inconveniences of other reviewers : ie we asked housekeeping for our pillows to be changed to hypo-allergenic and it was done within 15 minutes. The room was immaculate, and daily housekeeping very good. The staff was most helpful, especially the concierge desk helping out with dinner reservations (in places a tourist wanderoing the streets would NEVER find!) and with train reservations (the young lady at the concierge desk made sure we booked the proper seats on the Shinkansen to Kyoto because we had luggage... she suggested we request seats at the back of the train car where there is room behind the seats for large suitcase. She then wrote all this in japanese to make it easy for us at the ticket purchase office... small details but very helpful). Not all staff speak fluent English, as acurately reported by others, but hey, if you want everyone to speak English... don't go to Japan. That is the joys of travel. We found the overall level of the staff very high.The Shibuya location is fabulous. A short 3 minute walk from the station makes JR train and subway access to all of Tokyo a breeze. Plus, compared to other hotels (we stayed at the Park Hotel at the tail end of our holiday) the Shibuya location is great, it is actually a NEIGHBORHOOD, and not just an office complex with only overhead walkways. You actually find LIFE right outside the hotel doors.Our 33rd floor room afforded great views to Roppongi and the Tokyo Tower.All in all, the Cerulean was a perfect choice, and a great home base to explore all of Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>H2Travel
<Content>Great business hotel I stay here frequently. The rooms are modern, clean, great bathrooms, and excellent location by Shibuya train station. If it's clear get a room with a view of Fuji-san. There are a number of good restaraunts within the hotel, and a bar  restaraunt with a great view on the top floor.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>carol74
<Content>Not What We Expected My husband I lived in this area 25 years ago and find it very convenient. However, the hotel was a big disappointment. Though all the hotel staff had good manners, it was next to impossible to get extra bath towels because the Housekeeping staff spoke very poor English. Also, though there were many people standing about the Lobby ready to help, very few could answer any questions, again because of poor English skiils. Finally, the room had a soiled carpet, an extremely uncomfortable bed, and a very small bath. I would not return and know there are better places to stay in Tokyo.Carol  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>loan
<Content>excellent hotel stay in Cerulean tower tokyu 5 nights in late june 20071.super easy limousine bus to catch at Narita airport that drop you off in front of the hotel,porter will take care of your luggages at the bus terminal and at the hotel.(300yen per person by bus)2.check in was very smooth and fast,staff extremely ,extremely polite and helpful with every thing you need,one minor detail is that they can't give us 2 rooms on the same floor because they said that we book by expedia seperately?i still can't understand what it has to do with the distribution of room.3.very close to Shibuyia subway and rail so it can take you everywhere 4.lot of places very near by so you can eat and buy grocery.5.room very nice,marble bathroom with every amenities possible6.contemporary design which is exactly what i would like7.one minus is that internet is not free,no ironing board in room but you can borrow it,and use of pool and fitness center cost you 10US$ each person each use,but i think it is like that in every hotel in Japanoverall,excellent hotel,excellent location,excellent staff and i miss their bow and smile when on the return we have to stay in Hyatt regency in Detroit because our plane with NW was delay for a day  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jade97
<Content>Good hotel but a bit expensive for the experience       Night view from room window (17th floor)  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>John_Lewis
<Content>Excellent, but expensive hotel We stayed in the Cerulean Tower for ten nights, and it was very good. We were on the 25th floor and had an excellent view of Shinjuku and Shibuya- we could even see Fuji on one clear day! The room was very nice and well furnished, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The service was also excellent, and the staff were only too willing to help with anything. The bathroom was large, and the shower excellent. But I should stress that it was expensive. You get what you pay for though, and the Cerulean Tower was certainly worth the money. It's located only 5 mins walk from Shibuya station, and the central Shibuya area in general, but it's quiet (up on the 25th floor at least!).I'd definitely recommend taking the airport bus there, not the train though, as we found that lugging large suitcase through Shibuya station at 5.30pm is not the greatest idea. The one are where the hotel was a little disappointing was taking the airport bus back- the organisation was a bit lacking and it seemed more luck than judgement that we even got on the bus in the end. Also, there is a charge to use the internet every day, I can't remember exactly how much but it wasn't hugely expensive. Overall I'd highly recommend Cerulean tower, if you're willing to pay highly.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>trevostar
<Content>Could have been excellent I used to stay at the Capitol Tokyu on every visit to Tokyo. However, Capitol Tokyu is now being rebuilt so this time I stayed at one of their other hotels in the much more hip area of Shibuya. Capitol Tokyu was a very old and well established hotel, so everyone knows where it was. This time, I had trouble with the taxi guy at the bullet train station who had never heard of Cerulean. The name is not so familiar yet and Shibuya is so big and busy that if they have not heard of it, it would be very hard to find, with so many tall buildings in the area. The taxi arrived at the hotel after being stuck in Shibuya traffic for quite a long time (taxis are not cheap in Tokyo, let me remind you, so being stuck in bad traffic will cost you the price of flying with a low cost airline in another country). And when we got to the front, there was no-one there to welcome us or help us with our luggage. I had to run inside and ask someone at the reception to come out and take our luggage inside. Not a good first impression. Check in was ok good and the room itself was nice. The view from the bedroom was absolutely AMAZING, looking down to see all of the craziness of Shibuya from the 30th floor, and looking out to see all the buildings, parks and streets of Tokyo in the distance, you can even see the Tokyo Tower from your room! I doubt if the view from any other hotel room in Tokyo can be as good as this. Truly Truly amazing. However, here's the worst thing about this place: the Internet connection. I was there for business and need to use internet and email constantly. First of all, Internet in the room here is not free, which I think if you are paying this kind of price for a business hotel in a modern city like Tokyo you really should be getting complimentary internet access. Second of all, the connection itself was very shoddy, constantly getting disconnected and timed-out, not the fastest connection to begin with. This is a very frustrating thing to have happen when you are supposed to be communicating with people back home and writing emails all night. Can't download any large file because once your connection is cut you have to start it up again from the beginning. If the hotel is slowing your work progress down, that is not a major problem for business travellers who already don't have enough time in the office. Being right in Shibuya has its good and bad, but it's still a cool place to be in Tokyo, everything is here, shops, department stores, restaurants, bars, subway and JR lines. But Shibuya is pretty much at the left corner of the map at the end of the line so it's also quite far from other areas like Ginza. When I used to stay at Capitol Tokyo at Kokkai-Gijido Mae it was not in a hip area like Shibuya but it was in the middle of many places like Roppongi, Ginza, Shinjuku, Harajuku and even Shibuya so it was a good central base to be in. Breakfast here is served in 3 different restaurants for 3 different styles/ cuisines so you have to make a choice of what cuisine you want before you sit down. This means that you can't be having western breakfast while your colleague has Japanese. I tried both and was more impressed with the Japanese breakfast eventhough that restaurant was totally empty. Try the Croissant in the western breakfast buffet though, one of the best I've ever had. Room service was very good, although very very expensive. A bowl of Unagi and Rice will set you back about 4300 yen! No complimentary water in the room either. Again, with this kind of room rate, what's a little thing like bottled water for guests? Seems like they're forgetting the small details that make a difference.  Overall, has the potential to be really excellent, with good location and a great view. All the basics are there, management just needs a little fine tuning.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>MichaelBann
<Content>Nice, but expect to be nickle and dimed I stayed here from April 20 - April 22. The hotel was relatively average by Tokyo standards. The best feature is that it is within easy walking distance to Shibuya station (5 minute walk) and reasonably close to shopping and restaurants in Shibuya.The restaraunts in the hotel are exhorbitantly priced (even by Tokyo standards), and the hotel charges are NOT as advertised. In addition to the room charge, there was a service charge, a consumption tax, and an accommoation tax added to the bill... all of which, according to the hotel staff are customary charges. Interestingly, the other three hotels I've stayed in Tokyo in the past two months charged NONE of these. Unless you book through a 3rd party that charges you up front, expect to pay approximately 20% more than the advertised price. Also expect to pay 1,000 yen for each day of internet service and 3,500 yen for each day of gym/pool use.The room (a superior queen bed with sky view) was reasonably sized, was similar to an average Westin hotel in the states, and the view (from my corner room on the 30th floor) was unexpectedly rather mediocre. Unlike other Tokyo hotels, there wasn't too much interesting in the room (no heated toilet seats, no automatic shades, etc.). If it weren't for the location, I think it would be easy to do better.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>JSurace
<Content>Expensive, but truly outstanding.       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cwolf
<Content>Would stay somewhere else We had an overall bad experience with this hotel. The room that we reserved was not the room they gave us and when we complained they just said it was the room we reserved and too bad basically. Internet is not free which is crazy in a place like Tokyo - we stayed in 2 other hotels and it was included in the price. So on top of a bloated rate for what you get you have to pay $10 a day for internet. On the other hand the hotel is in a great location. And the room was ok - our view was nice but... the price of this hotel and the service that we received was substandard. We stayed at the Park Hotel in the Shiodome and it was cheaper and about 5 times better. Theres not too many hotels in this same area and I think they take advantage of that. I would never stay here again and I wouldnt recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>atcboy
<Content>Graet spot!!       View from bath tub  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>EdinburghDrew
<Content>A fantastic hotel in a fantastic city! I stayed at this hotel for 10 nights on vacation and loved it.The Friendly Limousine Bus took me from Narita straight to the hotel.The moment I arrived I knew this was going to be something special 鈥?the service was instantly top class. I was met by a porter as I got off the bus and my luggage was taken for me to reception where I was checked in straight away even though I had arrived 4 hours before check-in time.My room was perfect.A bathroom to die for 鈥?with bath and shower wet room, separate wash room area and an electronic toilet!The room was very spacious and very clean.Best of all was the view across Tokyo 鈥?especially at night with the neon lights.The service was always impeccable 鈥?the staff seemed to genuinely take pride in their jobs.The location is bang on 鈥?right next to Shibuya and great for public transport links to the entire city.This is a seriously cool hotel 鈥?with superb staff. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheGreatWhiteWay
<Content>Anonymous but has spacious rooms Second time we stayed here. The check-in staff we very cold to the point of being unfriendly but maybe she was having an off-day. The room was great and very spacious. This is a large and pretty anonymous kind of hotel but it is well located and is very nice. The concierge sent us to a great, and reasonably priced sushi restaurant called Midori near the hotel. You have to queue for 30 minutes but it is so worth it!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Jayteee
<Content>Tokyotastic       Sunset from our room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>PFoggSydney
<Content>A solid 4 star I know this hotel gets rave reviews. This is not one of them. This is a four star hotel masquerading as a five star hotel. The difference between a club room here on a Saturday night and a room at the Park Hyatt was about $50-100 and there is no comparison. The room is not in same class as the Park Hyatt and was frankly a disappointment for the money. It was on the small side and in terms of style; more department store catalogue rather than a designer experience.The staff at the Cerulean are obviously trained to be attentive, however, it can become a bit too much. They were all lovely but such enthusiasm at breakfast! The club breakfast was served in the signature dining room with a sensational view and it was very good. But a formally served five course breakfast is a bit like the enthusiasm, a bit much first thing in the morning. Wonderful coffee was a big plus. You can opt for a continental breakfast at the club, but the selection is ridiculously meagre.The club cocktail hour was very light on too, the club area was small and the standard range of hors d'oeuvre was so poor as to be laughable. It is not comparable to the normal Club lounge scenario, however again the view is wonderful.The location is good for this side of Tokyo so if you really want to stay in Shibuya then I suggest you take a standard room and skip the extra expense of a Club Room.. I suspect all rooms are identical to the club rooms but others are on a lower level of the hotel.. The lobby was full on, always full and bustling. Some people may like that, but it felt like the rest of Shibuya, packed and trendy. It was no retreat from the outside world.Yep, after three days the Cerulean made me finally feel my age. I probably resent that but what I resent more is paying for 5 stars and getting a good solid four star experience with a few flourishes around the edges.The Cerulean is a hotel that really tries to be more than it is.The Park Hyatt or Mandarin Oriental are in a different class.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TBuzzsaw
<Content>Great choice Traveled for the first time to Tokyo, and I must say this was a great choice to stay. Everyone here was very helpful and did it with a smile, whether it was asking for directions or carrying my luggage.Rooms were perfect in every way. Everything was spotless. Bathroom was gorgeous and the view was phenominal. I had a great view of the Rainbow Bridge and Tokyo Tower. It was a great way to relax after a long day of exploring.Location was great too, within a 5 minute walk from the famous Shibuya crossing and subway. A small store next door carries cheap snacks and drinks when you need it.Overall a great experience and will definately recomend this place.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>x2fr
<Content>Everything a hotel should be!       sumptious, comfortable bed!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Chocolatte
<Content>Excellent hotel with great location       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Herman_Blinkhoven
<Content>Simply the best hotel I ever - ever! - stayed at. A business conference landed me and my wife at this hotel. We were awed from the first minute. We extended our stay by four days at an unbelievable corporate rate of 23.000 Yen a night, for a double corner room.Competence and friendliness of the staff, tranquility, connectedness to the subway and railway, everything just perfection. A human warmth that was never fake made the entire place feel like staying at a friend's place.This level of service at this price is sensational. No hotel in London or New York comes even near. In fact we have, since staying here, come to notice how awfully bad service in most US hotels is.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Denizen
<Content>You get what you pay for If money's no object for you, the Cerulean's a good place to stay. The location--just over the walkway from the JR station in Shibuya--is central and the facilities are excellent. And there are some stunning views to be had from the guest rooms. However, if I'm dropping more than three hundred bucks a night on a room, I don't take kindly to being nickle-and-dimed for everything from internet access to tea bags. It left kind of a bad taste in my mouth from what was otherwise a good experience.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globalservices
<Content>My favorite hotel in Tokyo I travel to Tokyo fairly often on business. I've tried a hotels, but for the money the Cerulean is my favorite. It's very conveniently located with respect to dining/shopping, and the Narita-Express gives you direct transportation to/from Narita. The decor is modern, which suites my preferences, the staff have always been very attentive to my needs. When I have breakfast there, the help literally anticipates my needs based on what I'm doing. I remember once taking a bowl of cereal to my table from the buffet, only to find a waiter 1 step behind me with the cereal spoon I'd neglected to take! I like all the restaurants in the Hotel, but there are many good ones within a 10 minute walk. People who complain about a lack of cable channels need to spend more time out and about and less in front of the tube. I often am lucky enough to get a room from which you can see Mt. Fuji in the mornings. I agree that the $10 charge for internet and $20 for the gym seem like nickle and diming you ... but compare it to the $120 more a night you pay for the Westin in Ebisu Garden...For $220 (what I normally pay), it's a bargain in Tokyo.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yastreb
<Content>Wonderful views and very nice hotel The Cerulean Tower was a nice find. As a single woman traveler spending 4 days in Tokyo on business/vacation I thoroughly enjoyed this property. Although its right in the heart of crazy, trendy Shibuya (entertaining to watch the teen trends there), the location was great for subway and Japan Rail access (20 minute ride on the JR Yamanote line to Tokyo station and the Shinkansen). Hotel itself was a quiet oasis from crowded, busy Tokyo. I ordered room service twice and both times it was fast, tasty, and servers were polite. Lots of help and attention from bellhops and staff. In-room internet access worked well - just had to keep logging back in to the hotel's site. The best part was the room itself. Got upgraded from a small twin room to a corner King on the 23rd floor, no extra charge and such a nice surprise after the long trip from the US East coast. Not only wonderul view towards Shinjuku but bathroom was large and had a deep bathtub plus separate shower. All marble and all the amenities one could want. Room itself was good sized with a nice workdesk and closet. Clean overall. Comfy bed and choice of pillows was a nice touch: choices are 1) traditional Japanese rice husk-filled; 2) tempur-pedic foam; 3) feather. I did not eat in the hotel restaurants but instead explored the local yakitori and other treats around the area - there are lots of them - and the Tokyu and Mark City Department stores within a 10 minute walk had some fun and interesting supermarkets to explore with tasty to-go food for less than 1000 Yen. I did not use the fitness center or pool or the hotel bars. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in a comfortable, quiet, clean, friendly, and modern hotel in Tokyo. It's not the Mandarin Oriental, but more of a sleek, well-run, very cushy and attractive business hotel, with affordable (read: under $200 a night off season or on a government budget) rooms. Another added bonus is the express bus to/from Narita Airport stops right at the hotel entrance. This is much more convenient than taking the subway to/from Narita. I will stay here when again in Tokyo and would recommend this to friends. Hint: try booking through Concorde Hotels website (corporate owner of this property) for the best deal.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrZee
<Content>Excellent Hotel We just returned from our Japan holiday and want to recommend highly the Cerulean Tower Tokyu Hotel. Like other posters have mentioned, this hotel is near the JR Shibuya station, a real plus for travelling to other parts of Tokyo on the JR Yamanote line. The service we received was impeccable, and we had a lovely corner room with a fantastic view of Tokyo Tower. Though not overly large, our room was comfortably spacious for our four-night stay. The bathroom, clad in marble, provided an added measure of luxury to the accommodations. Breakfast at the hotel, though quite pricey (2700 Yen per person), was excellent - we especially enjoyed the station where an attendant squeezed orange juice for guests. What decadence!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tzp
<Content>Great stay I was lucky to have stayed at such a great hotel my first trip to Tokyo. The rooms are on the small side (like almost every room in Tokyo except for the Park Hyatt types), but well designed and a pleasure to stay in. Very comfortable beds and pillows. Gorgeous spacious bathrooms. The service is great and the location is probably one of the best for exploring on the JR line.Highly recommend staying here if it is your budget or even for just your last night. A shuttle bus picks up from the hotel to take you to Narita. Very convenient.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ali The Minx
<Content>Real-life "Lost in Translation" - STUNNING VIEWS!       Another View  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Firstman
<Content>Can service be too good? I've stayed here 3x now, and I do think the rooms (all with good views) are very nice. I don't like the fact that they wont let me use the pool because I have a few tattoos (they say that it's to prevent Yakuza gang members from coming in, but there is no doubt that I do not look like a Yakuza member.) They're just so overstaffed and helpful that it actually gets annoying sometimes. I can't believe I'm writing that, but it's true. But the views from the rooms, and I mean all the rooms, can't be beat. And the location in Shbuya is a winner. I would stay here again and again without hesitation (don't give into staying in Shinjuku- Shibuya is a lot more interesting and fun.)  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>qaz123
<Content>Fantastic Modern Hotel in Lively Area   showReview(4943544, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Four Star Hotel   showReview(4363219, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but not for the business traveller   showReview(4243320, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sanctuary       View from our Bathtub  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great   showReview(3312459, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but no knowledge of customer service   showReview(3260305, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>neversummer
<Content>high-end business hotel..       view from window night shot  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rocknty
<Content>I could live in this hotel and frequently do   showReview(2799006, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and space   showReview(2622488, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect rooms, ideal location, wonderful views   showReview(2182520, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cholyse
<Content>Belles prestations, vue superbe,bien situ茅   showReview(23352449, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>A20
<Content>amenity and view was good.       view from 36th Floor room.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	3	2	

<Author>銉嗐儎銉兗
<Content>鍫存墍銆佸鏅€併偟銉笺儞銈规渶楂橈紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(21839578, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇忋亞銇熴倱
<Content>鏉变含銈裤儻銉笺仺鍏湰鏈ㄣ儝銉偤銈掋仛锝炪仯銇ㄧ満銈併仸銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21121814, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>turimutter
<Content>Cerulean Tower super Erfahrung bester Platz in Shibuya   showReview(20868541, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bjouve
<Content>Pas terrible...   showReview(20080151, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel mais un peu froid   showReview(20553302, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nekomu
<Content>銉愩偣銉兗銉犮亴濂姐亶锛?#x201d;   showReview(19532618, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien   showReview(19632674, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jipe
<Content>Super vue de Tokyo   showReview(19265833, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komfortabeles wohnen in Tokio City   showReview(17435257, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tokyos pflichthotel,traumaussicht   showReview(17435256, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder!   showReview(16603672, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien plac茅   showReview(15574790, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander absolument   showReview(15574789, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶т汉銇仧銈併伄娓嬭胺銈掓簚鍠紒   showReview(19168068, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel molto bello   showReview(13193982, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer mit Aussicht   showReview(11308103, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jika50
<Content>Le Top !       Vue de notre chambre  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶у瀷銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(19166138, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La plus belle vue de Shibuya   showReview(11661529, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un excellent service 脿 la japonaise   showReview(11661528, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Au coeur de Shibuya   showReview(11428993, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel mit Top Aussicht   showReview(11428992, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coolhunter
<Content>Inoubliable!   showReview(7581321, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mehr als zufrieden!!!   showReview(11416134, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le Top du top   showReview(11390874, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres agr茅able hotel bien plac茅   showReview(11390873, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le meilleur hotel de shibuya   showReview(11366171, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel international de qualit茅   showReview(11339440, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

