<Author>friendsinpa
<Content>pleasant surprise We were pleasantly surprised upon arrival. After reading some very negative reviews, we were apprehensive. The suite was clean, with new furniture, carpet and fresh paint. The original brick and terracotta tiles added charm. The two bedroom suite had a full living room, bath and kitchen. We were able to walk to all of our destinations. The staff was friendly, and helpful. We would recommend this hotel to our friends and we are looking forward to going back in the future.friends in pennsylvania  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nobie
<Content>Snow in New Orleans       SNOWING on the Hotel rooftop  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>helene_2004
<Content>In major need of upgrades My husband and I recently returned from a trip to Hotel de L'Eau Vive. A quick review of the positives: friendly front desk staff who were very helpful; close to the French Quarter; Canal Street mall, Harrah's, Riverfront - we walked everywhere (don't bother renting a car - parking is very expensive). Negatives: The bathroom was in major need of upgrades. There is a huge jacuzzi (which sounds great) but not only is the shower located within the jacuzzi, but the surrounding concrete was cracked and moldy. The hotel elevator also could use a tune-up - every time we were in it we joked that we were in the Bates Motel. This place has a huge amount of potential - the units have brick walls and there's a lot of character. We spent very little time in our room - basically was just a place to sleep and shower, so it suited our needs, but if you're used to finer things, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>DeeNKen
<Content>Would stay again in a flash! We traded our timeshare thru Interval International (II) based on II's website info on this hotel. We were very apprehensive after reading the initial reviews on TripAdvisor and happy to see some subsequent positive reviews before our trip. I e-mailed the hotel a week before our arrival to confirm our reservations and got an immediate e-mail confirmation reply from Fanci! We were greeted warmly when we checked in and received excellent, friendly service from all the staff we came in contact with, ie: restaurant recommendations, tour arrangements, calling cabs, etc. Our accomodations were great = very clean and had everything we could possibly need. Comfortable furnishings and great TV reception. Our bed was made daily, clean towels, trash emptied, etc.....not the 'once a week' routine usually associated with a timeshare, but daily service!If I HAD to say something negative, it would be that WiFi connections were sketchy....NOT a big deal!We had a great time and would stay at this hotel again in a flash!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>bernicone
<Content>Old New Orleans Charm, Great Location I don't know what's with the negative reviews, this is an old building with Old New Orleans Charm and the convenience of being located within walking distance or trolley ride of a week plus of activities. They must have been written by people with limited traveling experience. I try to get there at least every other year and never have been there when the elevator did not work. Whenever anything has not been right, it was fixed in an acceptable time. It is close to the French Quarter, without the noise, Riverwalk, Harrah's Casino, I-Max, Aquarium and more. It's a good example of what is said to be important: location, location, location.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>RyKem
<Content>Not Reply So Please Be Aware After finding this 5 Star Hotel for a timeshare exchange, I read the reviews on Tripadvisor.com. I was concerned as most of the reviews were negative so I called the hotel directly and asked for the manager. I was told there was no manager on duty at this time so I asked the person for their opinion of the reviews on tripadvisor.com. The reply was some people like it and some do not. Please tell me something I would not have guessed! I sent a e-mal to the hotel's website asking for them to call me so we could discuss their reviews and asked for pictures of the hotel and rooms that were taken in 2008. Since I received neither an e-mail or phone call, I would suggest that the buyer be ware and give more weight to the negative reviews. Will let you know what I think about this hotel after our October visit. I have booked another hotel but want to see this hotel for myself.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alphorn
<Content>It has old world charm and a great staff and location After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, we decided to gamble and take our timeshare week at this hotel. It is in a very convenient area of the city and didn't have a garage for our car, but we gambled at the penny slots around the corner at Harrahs and got free parking for the week! The trolley, convention center, streetcar, and river are all nearby.The hotel itself is almost 200 years old, so you have to expect the unexpected. (Anyone who has travelled in Europe knows what some old hotels are like there!) Our unit was 3 stories high, with original brick on the outside walls. It had a spiral staircase up to the master bedroom, then stairs to the single bath, then more stairs up to the other bedroom. A pullout couch was in the lving area. A kitchen with full-size refrigerator and stove looked out into the living room which held the only TV (with DVD and VCR player.)The staff was helpful and friendly. There was coffee in the lounge every morning, croissants on Sat., Sun. and Monday a.m. too. Wireless internet was in this area as well as the lobby.Once we got used to the place, we had a great time in a great city, keeping in mind that in order to preserve historical buildings, some current amenities that you might expect in a timeshare, are different because of the nature of the original structure and the way it was originally intended.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>LosAngelesMike
<Content>Happily Surprised We did a timeshare exchange. I read some reviews after we made the exchange and was very apprehensive about the trip.We had very low expectations about the hotel when we got there.The building exterior was not at all impressive, but the rooms were just great. We were pleasantly suprised by the size, cleanliness, and location.The staff were all pleasant and warm and helpfull, from the front desk to the housekeeping service. Everything was in working order except the telephone. Everyone has cell phones anyway.We were within a couple blocks of the casino, great restaurants, the French Quarter, and the streetcar. We each got a three day streetcar and bus tourpass for $12. Since we were so close to everything our cab rides were very inexpensive. I would do the whole thing again. Were we Lucky?  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UncleGoofy
<Content>Clean, but a big disappointing - zero stars! I'm appalled that Interval International would include this hotel at all. It is not a gem, it is old, run down and sad. The Elevator worked only 3 of the 7 days were were there. The air conditioning failed three nights, leaving us sweating profusely in our beds, and the staff (generally one person at the desk) couldn't help. One morning, at 9:00 AM, they turned the water off for maintenance and it was off for 2 hours!The jacuzzi tub was a joke. It was huge, large enough for 4 people but becasue of this it made showering next to impossible.One night it rained. The Hotel has 6 floors, and we were on the third, even on the thrid floor, the ceiling leaked while it was raining!The pictures on this hotels web site are not representative of the hotel. It looks NOTHING like the photos. I would not stay here again, nor recommend this hotel to anyone. There are awards on the wall near the elevator from 1988, maybe then it was nice, but not now!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>jga1011
<Content>Bad is Still Bad even if you Lie! Don't believe the photo's you see in this Hotel's web site. This place is less than a one star. Mislead and lied to. Interval sould be ashamed for offering this place!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Chadwick64
<Content>A good place to send someone you don't like We booked our stay through Interval International, and it was given a 5 Star Rating, but it’s beyond me how! The staff at the hotel were as nice as could be, but the facility overall was a disaster! I understand that the building itself is old, and admit that it’s age and history lends a certain charm to the facility. It also, to an extent, accounts for the cramped common areas, but not for the worn carpet and overall castaway feel of the furnishings in them.The entryway has a ramp for wheelchairs and right next to it two steps with no banister on either side. One misstep and I landed at the bottom, with gratefully nothing more than a sore wrist; I wonder how many other people have done the same.Our apartment was like going into a cave with the only natural light coming from a narrow skylight three stories up and sizeable gap under the front door. Again, the age of the facility and its restrictions are understandable; however, I don’t think there was one 100 watt bulb in the unit which made reading difficult, and wasn’t a pleasant experience overall.On our first day there, I requested that someone come in and fix the kitchen faucet before it fell off (the entire faucet and handle moved whenever the water was turned on), and it was never fixed. I hope they have insurance when that thing finally goes!The oven didn’t open properly, or more precisely it couldn’t because the refrigerator was in the way! I guess that’s why there was not one thing that could be used as bakeware available.The carpet was stained and filthy, as evidenced by white socks that may never recover.The cover on the ironing board was so past its prime that the big scorch mark on it completed its disgusting look! Needless to say, it went unused!The patio area around the pool was swept, but needed a good scrubbing, and flooded considerably when it rained (no drains) and it was our only way in and out. Having to leapfrog around a flooded patio and the pool in a vain attempt to get out with dry feet was both absurd and potentially dangerous.Overall, we would rate Hotel De L Eau Vive 2 out of 10.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Mainemaniac08
<Content>appalling My husband and I go to Mardi Gras every year. This year we took friends. We stayed 7 days. We are in our 50's and 60's middle class professionals. We exchanged through Interval. We were charged 500 dollars because they said we smoked which we did the first day as we had not read the rules . After reading the rules, of which there are many, we smoked outside only. It is 300 dollars if you move any furniture. The coffee table in front of the pull out couch weighs about 200 pounds.Dead cockroach and food under couch.Mold running down the corners on the stucko walls.At least one inch gap under doors.Could hear someone loudly vomiting next door as I'm sitting at kitchen table at breakfast.No fresh air, cannot open any windows.Housekeeper walked in on me with do not disturb sign on outside of door as I'm getting out of the shower.Had to hound for towels, toilet tissue, etc.Got severe respiratory infections while staying there breathing the moldy, stale, circulated air.We will never stay there again. We left it cleaner than we found it.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelR86
<Content>Nice, Friendly Place My wife and I along with another couple stayed in a two bedroom/one bath for 6 nights. This was our first trip to New Orleans. If you're looking for super luxury, like the Ritz or Four Seasons, this is not the place. However, the staff was friendly and helpful throughout. The suite we were in was quite unique: The living room/kitchen/dining area was on the ground level and the bedrooms and bath were on three other levels above. If stairs are a problem, this would not be good for you. There was lots of exposed brick and the total area was quite large. There was a bit of dust here and there, but generally everything was kept clean. We were told that this unit was scheduled for renovation. We got a look at another unit which had already been renovated and appeared to have all new furniture and appliances, and was very nice. There was a brand new wooden sundeck on the roof and a small patio and pool in the courtyard.The location was great...two blocks from the French Quarter, a block from Harrah's and a short walk to the River. There were plenty of restaurants close by. However if you plan on cooking a lot, you'd have to go some distance to find a supermarket. There is no parking included, but public transportation is plentiful and cabs are not expensive.All in all, I would be happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LDianneFelix
<Content>Stay at your own risk I went to New Orleans for some rest and relaxation. I rented /exchanged through Interval International. I rented the two bedrooms and stayed a week even though It was just myself. I found the hotel in need of a lot of internal repair ie., carpets loose on the floors, wall air spaces (I could smell what the next room was cooking) because of the construction I guess from having done some repairs after the hurricane. The jacizzi tub didn't work, they said they would fix it but never did. What did it for me was, the day before I was to leave, I went to the roof patio to take the last few pictures in my camera of the skyscrapers. As I started down the stairs I fell flat on my face (right side). The wooden stairs were rotten and split horozonially (worn down) on the edges so when you step on them you lose your balance and fall forward. There were no railings to grab and no motion detector lights or lights. I fell on my face, my right knee and my right hand that I had just had surgery on 3 months before. I was bleeding from my knee and my hand and knee immediately swelled up. I went back to my room and called the front desk. I explained what happened and asked for help. I was told 1. no one was there to help me and the manager had gone home . I asked what should I do? I was told. 2. I don't know, then I was told 3. I could go to the hospital and the nearest hospital was in Meterie. I said It's 8:30pm and I'm injured, I'm from California, I don't know where Metairie is and I don't have a rental car. I was again told they didn't know what to do. I asked if they had a Policy telling them what to do if a resident had a medical emergency ie., a heart attack etc. or injury and I was told 4. they had no policy. The clerk asked if I wanted her to call the manager at home and I said yes. A few minutes later she called and said,  The manager said, If I was hurt to write down what happened and send them the bill. Frustrated, I called the advice nurse at Kaiser Hospital in California and was assessed for broken bones and was told to use ice packs then, advised to go to the Emergency room as soon as I got home which is what I did. Still swollen when I got home , they took X-rays of my knee and hand I didn't have to have another surgery on my hand. Now one year and 3 months later I learned that I also had a cracked rib on the right side. My knee now has a permanent scar to remind me of this horrible experience, the face swelling went down with ice.After I returned home I called to speak with the manager at least 5 times, I left 5 messages for the management staff to return my calls to discuss the matter and STILL to this day I have not received a call acknowledging the accident or any of my calls. I tried to access the bills associated with my treatment but my insurance is through the State of California and a third party such as an attorney could access the records but, not the patient. I contacted 12 different attorneys one in California and 11 in Louisiana to assist me with thes matter and was told by the 9 who did contact me that my injuries were not severe enough for them to take on the case So, I just gave up. I made a verbal and written complaint with the vacation exchange company Interval International and they assured me they would handle the matter, they would look into it. I don't believe they did because after several months of contacting them they kept telling me that Corporate would look into it and contact me and no one ever did.So, To stay at the Hotel de L'Eau Vive at 315 Tchoupitoulas St. New Orleans Louisiana is to Take your life in your own hands. Stay at your own risk.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	4	1	3	1	

<Author>UKViisitor9
<Content>Building Site       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JERSEYGROWN
<Content>LOCATION, LOCATION LOCATION ! A HIDDEN GEM IN THE CITY. I spent 5 nights at the Hotel De L'Eau Vive while attending a convention at the Ernest Morial Convention Center. Having read previous reviews I was kind of nervous about my upcoming stay, however, I was extremely satisfied with my stay. The feel is like having your own private pied a tere in the center of a wonderfulcity of faboulous restaurants and wonderfull old world culture.The hotel although technically is a time share is a two building3 story brownstone structure which is an historical landmarkhaving once been part of a sugar plantation in the 1800's, a former bordello in the early 1900's and later transformedinto a hotel/and timeshare property. Upon my arrival I wasgreated by the desk clerk in a small but comfortable lobby wheresoft jazz music was playing. I arrvived early in the morningand was able to leave my luggage at the hoelt while I exploredthe city. Check in is 4:00PM but my Room 301 was ready early and I checked in at 3:00PM. My two bedroom unit was immaculate. Again, this is a transformed historical building so if you are looking for a glitzy, traditional hotel/with restaurants then stay at the Sheraton or Marriott around the corner. What I liked about my stay was the size of the unit , which had a large living room, breakfast area, kitchen with microwave, full size stove, 3/4 sizerefrig with all cooking utensils, plates, dishwasher, blender, toaster, etc. I only used the kitchen to make breakfast because my intention was to to eat out for dinner and my days were at the convention center. My bedroom had an attractive antique wrought iron brass bed and the other bedroom had a similar queen size bed all with ample storage/dresser units. The ceilings are high with the original exposed brick and the windows are at least 6 feet high allowing sunlight and an airy feel. My unit faced the street, but surprisingly since it is a side street it was very quiet considering I was in the middle of the city.The shower was wonderfull with immediate hot water and excellent water pressure. After a long day on my feet at the convention center the shower was quite relaxing. I did not test the jacuzzi but it easily could fit two adults. My toilet sometimes made a funny sump/pump sound when flushed which only happened on an occassion and lasted a few minutes and must have had something to do with the age or renovation process. However, I never heard any sounds from the other units. This was a very quiet private building. There was daily maid service with fresh towels if you left them on the floor and the bed was made every day. I wasn't expecting this. The TV /DVD/VCR was fine with basic cable stations. The air conditioning was finealthough in Nov the temp is in the high/low 60's/70's.There is a coin washer/dryer on the 4th floor, and the roof top deck was being renovated. There is an inner courtyard type small pool with wrought iron table and chairs, maybe more like a dipping pool but it did not look like the water was filtered so unless it is maintained differenly during the summer months I wouldn't have gotten in it. The location is key as you can walk to the French Quarter, walk to the convention center, walk to the Riverfront,Canal street is one block over, walk to Harrah's Casino if you are into gambling, and take a scenic ride on one of the street cars.There are also wonderfull restaurants within the same block.August Restaurant +++++one of the finest in New Orleans is at one corner and Mother's Restaurant is at the other corner all within the same block as the Hotel. I ate at Mother's twicewhich is traditional Creole comfort food. The people are lined up outside for lunch in three piece suits in this unpretensious famous restaurant. Try the Deep Fried Oyster/PoyBoy sandwichor Etoufee or Gumbo over rice. I don't think they have their own parking lot but there are two private lots in the same block. There is no long term parking on this street. Also what I liked about this hotel although technically a time share is that there was no hard core selling or person pestering you about taking a tour of the building. There was a flyer placed under my door letting me know that there were units/weeks available but leaving it up to me to make the first move if interested. The nice young lady at the front desk printed out my airline boarding passes for me over their internet site but there isn't any public internet use and I'm not sure if the units hook up to internet. My own Verizonwireless worked just fine from the unit on my laptop. New Orleans is a wonderfull city with a lot to offer and is makng a fast come back post-Hurricane Katrina at least in the City/French Quarter. This was a devastated city but the people are resilientand seem to be going out in a big way to welcome visitors back to their city. I look forward to staying at the Hotel De L'Eau Vive on my next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>jessestfra
<Content>not NEARLY as horrible as everybody said I was EXTREMELY worried when I read the reviews of this hotel after booking it. But, I still went through with it, thinking how bad could this actually be?. I'm glad I did.....Sure, the outside looks pretty questionable, but after that major disaster, you can only do so much at a time. We were placed in a room oddly situated. I'm guessing we had to have been in one of the newer rooms, which became more and more obvious when we settled in.Overall, we were very very happy with the room. CLEAN furniture and pretty much clean everything else. I remember reading that one review of someone finding a jar of vasoline by the bed. yuck. but nothing like that when I went there. But anyway, we knew these rooms were new for several reasons such as: (good)all of the paint looked fresh, new-looking furniture etc., and basically everything was ever hardly used.. (bad) in one of the kitchens, the placement of the oven was very questionable,. the oven door couldn't open all the way because the knob of a low cabinet prohibited it, a few paint stains at the bottom of the bath tub/jaccuzzi, which didn't work by the way. but other than that, it was a pleasant stay. give it a chance! maybe request for one of those new rooms `=]Random facts: dishwasher definitely came in handy. everything IS within walking distance. the A  P grocery store is NOT all that close, we had to take a taxi coming back to carry all the stuff. lots of other smaller but much higher priced convenience stores just around the block. the staff was extremely friendly and easy-going. club razzoo (i think that's what it was called) had a flaming water fountain in the back outside.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Sioweng
<Content>What a disappointment - we checked out and went to Wyndham We recently selected this property through our timeshare....Interval ranked it as a five star property...it was hardly one. First of all, there is no parking.....you have to walk four blocks to a public parking area at $20/night. Access to the room was past the poor excuse for a pool that floods when it rains and you need to wade through it. The next challenge was up an extremely narrow spiral stair case that could barely accomodate getting the luggage up intact. The next was a room that was dirty, in disrepair, and disheveled with mismatched furniture. To top it off, there was an open jar of vaseline on the night stand....should I say expectations? The remote control for the TV did not work so they gave me the instruction book and told me to fix it myself....I refused and politely gave it back to them. Next was the event of the Bachelor party thrown by various members of the sheriff's department....loud music..lot's of drinking and shrieking by female voices and the hoots of the male participants..along with thick, smelly cigar smoke.....what was worse was the front desk clerk...a youn lady more consumed with TV than the welfare of her occupants...she refused to do anything about it....she was clearly sympathetic to their cause having enjoyed their fruitful food buffet for dinner. I was able to personally appeal to law officers but they informed me that New Orleans did not have any ordinances regarding noise, but they did turn downj the sub-woofer on the stereo so we did not have to continue experiencing the base pounding through our bedroom floor. The next day, a further complaint to the manager generated no action......we checked out and moved to the Wyndham Avenue on St Charles via a re-booking from Interval, the time share service. It was supposed to be a lower clase property, but we found it delightful by comparison. As for the Hotel de L'Eau Vive, I would never recommend it to anyone unless you truly are used to alternative living.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>mmechas71
<Content>What a hole on earth!!!! We exchanged our resort in Vegas to visit New Orleans this year.we were really dissapointed from the front staff til lhow the hotel is mantained.The hotel has a' pool' inthe coutyard which was disgusting and the whole week we were there they did not bother to clean or at least try to minimize the odor that water.the hotel is rated as 5 star on interval and it seems that was a rating given on he year 2000 when the hotel was in better sanitary conditions.The room had a small patio which was full of table top glass and old fake plants covered on dust !!!We will never go there to that hotel.Thanks God New Orleans is so amazing that not even the hotel changed my love for that city  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a real hotel...... I thought I was going to a 4 star hotel. boy was I mislead!  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tctommy
<Content>Big Easy aint all that well the weather was cold and wet for a few days. But overall not that much a factor leading to this average rating. The Hotel is a timeshare located in a great spot between the Warehouse district(great for eating and entertainment) The French Quarter(great for beer and walking around for tourist sites)The Riverwalk is a must so is the Natchez steamboat ride.The trolleys are close by and run often down to the Garden district which is what you make of it,Although at night it seems caution applies.Park your car better yet dont bring it because everything is a short walk or local transportation 1.25 exact change 5.00 day pass is excellent. The zoo and aquarium are okay but I am from NYC so it tough to match up against ours.the riverwalk mall is excellent to make your first stop and go all the way thru it because ,well just because. also it has maps brocures and places that are stomach friendly to eat at. The reason I say this is although I like spicey food they think if it says cajun or creole it has to be loaded with red cayenne pepper.after 2 days it gets old and my wife isnt a fan of spice.AND I mean everything has it on it.well almost.Bring money since nothing is cheap although we found the New Orleans prices reasonable for a tourist trap.The good points of the trip were many. The locals are very friendly,the food overall was good,it is easy to get around.there werent many vagrants and they werent obnoxius.Harrahs was right across the street but we didnt gamble that much.The myth of accents being so thich you have trouble is bebunked.crescent citycafe (which is near the cigar factory and THE Big Easy drink place dont miss either)obriens,mothers and one other place we ate were great.sorry I was drinking that night.There is an A+P supermarket located on royal and ST.Peters in the Quarter that is really good.bad points were food spicy ,crawfish are a local thing not for real seafood eaters ,Harrahs buffet stunk.Did i mention bring money.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this hidden jewel We have stayed at this jewel for many years now and every time we return we are just as thrilled as the first stay. The staff is the most pleasant we have run into at any New Orleans hotel and the accomidations are outstanding! Even during Mardi Gras when the whole city is in an uproar this hotel is a quiet retreat from the insane goings on.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trav11
<Content>Rated this apartment hotel the very best This small apartment hotel on the border of the French Quarter and the CBD is so comfortable and stylish, with every facility one could need. Staff were very helpful with directions, shopping information etc. Oldest hotel in this area with a colourful history. Convenient to all New Orleans has to offer, being a couple of blocks from the main street, buses, shops and the river and in a quiet area. Good security also. Rooms very elegantly decorated, kitchenette in living area with cooking utensils, microwave, huge stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher. Very comfy sofas, TVs in bedroom and living area. All suite hotel format.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

