<Author>PIJLondon
<Content>Hotel great - Barcelona not so The hotel is great and I completely agree with the good reviews that it has been receiving. We arrived before noon and booked into our room straight away. We stayed over the Christmas period and found it extremely quiet. We ate in the hotel twice, once on Christmas day and Boxing day (as it was tipping down with rain!) The food and service I would say was good and for 19 euros we could get a three course meal (without drinks)The bar is small and probably due to the period we visited wasn't at all busy.Barcelona however was a disappointment. Loads of grafitti, begging and one of the very few cities we've visited on a break like this, that we felt vulnerable walking about. The area where the hotel is situated is not the best and I would not recommend the short cut to La Rambla - In the end we went down towards the sea front then joined La Rambla at the very start. Left out of the hotel to the end of Avda Parallel , past the Marine Museum then left into La Rambla.The Euro/拢 exchange also meant a very expensive stay. Would we return ? Well to the hotel we would, but as we were disappointed with Barcelona, probably not!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>live2skide
<Content>Excellant Location We booked online thru Hotwire and got a great price; 7 months before our trip. We arrived mid morning and were able to store our luggage with the bell captain; and explored part of the city while we waited to check in at 2 pm. We got a great room, quiet, large and very modern. (Our room was 7th floor - on the back side of the hotel). Marble bathroom; bidet; wonderful amenities. Beds were quite comfortable; large roomy closet and plenty of room for 4 pieces of luggage. We stayed 2 nights. We ate out which is easy to do in Barcelona. Just in the two blocks on either side of the hotel are many sidewalk resturants, with indoor seating that do breakfast. We walked to the Port, to Las Ramblas, and all around the area. It is convenient because of the Metro stop (just outside the hotel lobby). Our best value; a glass of wine at the hotel bar for $3 euro! The desk staff was great, giving excellant directions for our adventures. Bottom line; clean; quiet; helpful, good value and GREAT location.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>angie333pangie
<Content>Great place My husband and I wanted a quick escape so we booked this hotel for a 3 night getaway. We stayed here as the price was right at just over 鈧?3 per night, and we wanted something central to all the tourist things. Straight away the front desk service was very helpful and we received an upgrade to a superior room. The room was clean, bright and very spacious, we even had our own foyer! It was a 4 star hotel, just missing a robe and tea/coffee facilities, but apart from that, it was great. We didn't have breakfast included in our stay so we ordered 2 coffee's via room serice, which every morning arrived with crossiants or a plate of delicious biscuits, and the coffee pot was large enought to get 4 coffee's, all for just 鈧?! The hotel was close to La Rambla which was just a 7 minute walk and loads of eating places are near by. We were on the second floor and although you could hear the street action, it wasn't bad enough to keep you awake. Overall, we had a lovely stay and would stay there again. Oh yeah, the roof top pool is fabulous and has a great view!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ethel55
<Content>great everything Booked this hotel through Last Minute.com when my other hotel booking was in euros and needed a better deal. This hotel was first class, on arrival at reception got served immediately given all the info I needed with maps and details of trips and buses. room was very clean, the bed was huge, the buffet breakfast was brilliant and catered for every taste. The hotel was a 5 min stroll from the Ramblas and Port, with regular buses and a metro stop outside. Ended up walking everywhere as the sights are not far apart, a brilliant weekend,thanks  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>keefnyc
<Content>Modern hotel...pretty comfortable. This is a very modern and comfortable hotel with great access to public transport and airport transport. The staff is very friendly, spoke english very well, and seemed pretty helpful. My room was a King size bed, with a private bathroom, closet, safe, and fantastic air conditioning. The lighting situation was a little tricky in that you needed to use a room key to turn the lights on by sticking it in a slot by the inside of the door. That information would have been helpful had the front desk told me that right away, but after a quick trip down, they told me what to do. No harm...no foul. There is a very nice business center on the 9th floor where you can do your flight check ins, but there was no printer that I saw. The only drawback to staying at this hotel is while the location is right by the Metro, it's sort of far from lots of the attractions. Taking the metro is a must during the nighttime hours as this is not the safest city by any means. I do not recommend walking from Las Ramblas at night, unless you enjoy being propositioned multiple times by underage prostitutes or getting your passport stolen and robbed of your wallet. Both of which I saw happening firsthand.This has nothing to do with the hotel, it's the city in general. Not so safe. Once inside the hotel, all seemed safe.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>stevo1530
<Content>Hotel Bacelona Universal pleasantly surprised Very nice clean modern hotel . Great location. Good rates. Front desk staff very freindly and helpful. Would stay there again if I'm ever back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>aacree
<Content>Great location right in front of the Metro stop Booked the hotel on Priceline.The hotel is literally in front of the Metro stop which makes it very easy to get around the city.The hotel lobby and rooms have a modern design which is pretty nice. The room was decent size and the bathroom was also nice.The staff was friendly.There are plenty of restaurants in the vicinity to grab food at.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Onion2
<Content>Reasonable - but horrendous beds Almost everything has been said about this hotel. The only addition I would make is that I have never stayed in any hotel where the beds were so uncomfortable.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Yorkies66
<Content>Fine but not four star       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	2	4	

<Author>Gordonl
<Content>Good location, clean modern hotel A pleasant, modern hotel in a good location for all the Barcelona sights and the Paula Sant Jordi. Right outside the Paral-lel Metro station if you don't want to walk.Lot's of cheap places to eat in the local area - beware that Barcelona has become a tourist trap and some places are very expensive. Lots of petty crime too, but this hotel is in no worse an area than any other.Pro's - nice clean modern rooms, cheap for the quality, free Wi-Fi, good views over the hill, good transport links.Con's - not a friendly reception, night porters don't speak much English, the pool is deceptive on the pictures - I've seen bigger Jacuzzis!Overall, a bargain quality hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>Barbie075
<Content>A great stay!!! I booked for three couples and we all thought it was a great stay. The front desk people were very helpful, pleasant and spoke English very well. The location was great for using the local metro, which we used frequently. Entrance was just outside the front door. Saved a lot of walking.Our room as very nice and all was very clean. Less crowded than the Las Ramblas area. A couple of places to get food and drinks were nearby. The breakfast was very nice and ample food for anyone. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>hendo123
<Content>Great location and good value We spent a very enjoyable 3 nights at the Barcelona Universal in September. Despite arriving at 2.30am, we had a spacious and well equipped room (not the usual shoebox you get when you arrive so late!). The staff were very friendly and helpful and the location of the hotel (directly beside Parallel metro) was outstanding whether you wanted to walk or get the metro around the city.The only slight downsides were the noise level from the main road (we were on the 2nd floor) and the buffet breakfast (not a lot left if you got there near the end of service). However I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable, friendly hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>plapin
<Content>Great stay - recommended Had a pleasant stay for 4 nights in this hotel in early Oct 2008. It is highly recommended for its spacious and very clean room, convenient location (tube is just outside the hotel, waterfront and La Ramblas is in proximity) and very friendly and helpful staff. The dinner 'Buffet Grill' is at good bargain and worth trying.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FrugalFly
<Content>Good leisure  Good location, walking distance to main areas like Ramblas, with subway stop on the corner. Large hotel in clean, safe area with lots of friendly employees. Lots of good, cheap restaurants nearby. The area appears to have a large Southern Asia population, as most of the store owners were from India or Pakistan. A nice area, and Barcelona is cheap relative to other parts of Europe. The hotel was not cheap, although we were there on a weekend. Two comfortable twin beds in a small room. Clean bathroom with amenities. Refrigerator mini-bar. In-room safe. Small tv with okay cable, maybe 20 channels. The view was of other buildings with hanging laundry. Good AC. Free wi-fi. Also, there were 2 public computers with free internet, but no printer. There was a pool on the roof, which we never saw because Barcelona is great.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GlasgowWendy
<Content>Can't fault the Hotel Barcelona Universal       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>LM79
<Content>Great location and friendly staff Let鈥檚 start with the location. The hotel is beside the Paral.lel metro station. You step off the metro and (so long as you take the Sant Pau exit) the hotel is immediately on your left, a welcome air conditioned haven after the heat of the underground. Paral.lel is one stop from the bottom of the Ramblas and Port Vell, the sea front shopping and dining area. You can easily walk to the Ramblas or the sea in 15 minutes (though the metro is so easy, you might as well save your feet!) Paral.lel is also the station which takes you up Montjuc and deposits you at the cable car station up to the castle. So, location wise, this hotel is spot on. The staff are very friendly and fluent in English. The hotel itself is very clean, simple and smart. It hasn't got boutique charm or 5* opulence, but wood panelling and muted mushroom colours make the hotel feel modern and sophisticated. Our room was average size with wooden floor and a window the size of one full wall. It was lovely. The bathroom was as you'd expect - clean and well appointed. The towel rail came in very handy for drying wet clothes overnight. They provide a bathroom kit in case you forget anything 鈥?so razor, toothbrush and paste etc. However, there are supermarkets near the hotel, so you鈥檒l be able to buy anything you鈥檝e forgotten. Our only complaints about the hotel were:- The housekeeping. We found the housekeeper was a bit forgetful! - The beds. A little hard.- The water. Tap water is heavily chlorinated and not drinkable. So you need to buy bottled. (There is a 24 hour supermarket just round the corner from the hotel that sells big bottles for 0.60 euros)- No kettle in the room.But these are MINOR complaints. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back.TIPSVEGGIE FOOD鈥?is hard to get in Barcelona. A great place that had fantastic veggie options is Rita Blue. If you leave the main Rambla on Hospital Street and walk a few hundred yards, you'll see a church set back from the road to your left, and a small square. Rita Blue is on that square, serving delicious, reasonably priced food in a colourful welcoming venue. I had hummus and vegetables to start, followed by fritters of beef tomato and feta cheese. Amazing! Plus, they do great cocktails.A NICE CUPPA TEA鈥?It can be thirsty work walking around Barcelona all day, and a cuppa at the end of it would be very welcome. If you do like your tea, make sure you take a travel kettle, an adapter plug, tea bags and buy bottled water to boil. However, there is a nice (if basic) caf茅 near the hotel that does great tea. Leave the hotel and turn left and it is (I think) the third caf茅 on the street. It looks like a greasy spoon / diner. TRAVELLING鈥?Save your feet and buy a metro ticket for the duration of your stay. Everywhere you need to see will be close to a metro stop, and it is clean, easy to navigate and feels very safe. However, there are A LOT of stairs, so it may be a problem for people with limited mobility or users of wheelchairs. MONTJUC鈥?Too much to see, too few signs. We got really lost! What looks like a five minute walk on the map took us almost an hour. We literally wasted half a day up there just trying to get around on foot. So take the tourist bus to take it all in quickly and painlessly. VISITING IN SEPTEMBER鈥?We arrived during the annual Merce festival, which meant free music concerts throughout the city, parades, street entertainment, loads of firework displays. I really recommend it! PAVEMENTS鈥?We had a lot of rain when we were in Barcelona and it was very slippy underfoot as the pavements are all smooth concrete. I took a proper tumble, so be careful!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dr-owain
<Content>Brilliant location It would have been a perfect stay in Barcelona exept that the hotel swimming pool was actually closed whilst we were staying there. Everything else about the hotel was great though.Location was fab, with a tube stop right outside the hotel, and within walking distance to the waterfront and shopping areas.Room was fairly large with a super-comfy bed. Bathroom was great too - loved the fact that the radio was tuned in so you could have a relaxing bath! Room was also spotlessly cleaned every day.Overall a great stay for our 5 day trip.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>copperKildare
<Content>good central hotel, avoid the car park!! stayed in this hotel sept 15 to 18. we flew to girona, and drove down to hotel, 1st problem.... car park is tiny and cramped and at 22 euro a night, certainly took the shine off the cheap rates we paid for this stay (100 euro/night double room)this hotel is central, 10 min walk to las ramblas( you have got to check out the market off las ramblas.....fantastic!!!!!) i was a bit weary from other reviews tha this hotel was in a red light area.... not so. there was a peep show situated 3 blocks from the hotel, but discreet and non intrusive. we certainly did not feel unsafe in this area.staff were friendly and spoke great english. we didnt see a maid entering our room before 10am, and do not disturb signs were respected.rooms were spotless and bed huge, if a little hard. our room was at the front of the hotel on the 2nd floor. now, noise levels.... was apprehensive from other reviews that the noise would be untolerable. yes, it is noisey, but to be fair, the road the hotel is on, parallel.lel, is a 3 lane dual way, in a busy street, so noise was to be expected.we chose to eat in the cafe/bars situated beside the hotel, and the food was great and inexpensive.finally, certainly would recommend this hotel as a touring base for the city, and found it to be good value for money (car park exception), maybe not as a romantic getaway....enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kelly49
<Content>excellant location Could not ask for better location metro right ouitside hotel. The roof top view is breathtaking, ample deck chairs though pool is very cold. I wouldn't reccommend breakfast at 15 euros per person quality and quanity not worth the price. Several cafes outside hotel all serve great breakfasts. Hotel staff very helpful and friendly. Rooms clean and plently of space but very noisy could hear people in next room going to the toilet etc.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robandemmet
<Content>It was OK As the title suggests, it was OK, but just that. The hotel is rated 4-star, but as with all star-ratings, you never quite know what you're going to end up with.As locations go it is pretty good. Right next to a metro station, and only 30 mins from the airport (costing 70 cents if you get the 10-journey ticket, amazing value!) Most places are easily accessible by the metro but, as we discovered only 2 days before we left, it's better to get the bus to the beach, a number of which go from directly opposite the hotel and take about 15 mins.As hotels go it is clean and fairly smart looking, but clearly business orientated, indicated not only by the corporate feel to it, but the steep price of breakfast (17 Euro) and the lack of drinks facilities in the room, which was a shame.Our first room was a twin, at the front of the hotel. When I called down to be asked to move to a double (which was booked) there were no other rooms left, so the receptionist told us that we would be moved while we were out the following day, a minor inconvenience but acceptable. When we returned to the hotel the following day I was reprimanded by the receptionist for not clarifying my request that morning. Sadly, a case of one person saying one thing, and another doing another, an unfortuantely memorable event which could have easily been avoided.Our double room, was 2 twins pushed together. The beds were hard and uncomfortable, but thankfully our new room was at the back of the hotel, which was quieter and had better views.Housekeeping at the property is acceptable, but inconsistent. New towels one day, sometimes not the next day, bed made up one day, turned down the next. Although the bathrooms were spotless!Food  Beverage at the hotel should be avoided. The breakfast buffet and other menus are uninspiring, and the bar is so lacking in atmosphere that we only dared have one drink there, and we were the only people we saw all week in there. Much more could be made of both of these outlets as there are few other nice places in the area. And a word to the wise: if any restaurant has pictures of the food outside, keep well away. It is definitely the tourist food!I suppose overall while the hotel is modern and clean, I left with a feeling that no-one was really prepared to go the extra mile for guests, there was a distinct lack of passion.We wouldn't go back there or recommend it because it simply was just average, and we found better places to stay whilst we were there.I  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>H75
<Content>Great stay! We stayed 3 nights at Barcelona Universal Hotel August 15-18 and had a great stay. The fee was 121 EUR including breakfast. This was a reasonable price considering the modern and clean room, the wonderful roof terrace with pool and sundeck, the friendly staff and the good location of the hotel. When booking the hotel we asked for a room with a view. This was already taken care of when we checked in and we got a room with a great view of Barcelona. The hotel has a good location considering distance to the very city center and the to to the metro. The nearest metro station is just outside of the hotel. Parts of the nearby neighbourhood is somewhat rough though and there is not many good restaurants close to the hotel. The Japanese restaurant next to the hotel is well worth a visit though. The staff of the hotel was very serviceminded. We asked if there was an ice machine on the hotel. Unfortunately there was not but a staff member asked if he could get us some ice to the room. A couple of minuts later he arrived with a bucket of ice without charge.The breakfast was plentiful and fresh.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>royalton
<Content>mixed - good but would stay elsewhere next time We stayed for 3 nights early august with a one year old, so we requested a suitable room and were allocated a great sized room with a sliding door between the sofa bed/dressing area and the main bedroom. unfortunately we had no view but looked at the adjacent room on the corner of the building which therefore had 3 windows with views over the street and beyond but a) it wasn't available and b) it was smaller so we stayed put.my family tried to arrange for flowers to be delivered as it was my birthday but unfortunatley there was some confusion and the hotel did not accept the flowers as our room was booked in my partner's surname not mine. the member of staff i spoke to about it was rather abrupt and unhelpful not even apologising. Where in contrast other staff members were very helpful and when one day we told them our room hadn't been cleaned all day (on my birthday!) they offered us complimentary champagne as apology.the rooftop pool was small and crowded but nice for a quick dip or lounge if you could find a spare lounger.the location was OK anout 10-15 mins from the Ramblas but along a rather grubby street with homeless and drunks. there are definatley better locations and next time we'll be staying in port olympic area.this hotel wasn't great for children - although on request they did very quickly provide a cot and a non-slip mat for the bath, but the breakfast room had no highchairs and staff there weren't friendly or helpful.We expected a better choice and varity of breakfast foods for a 4 star.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Paulgavin
<Content>Lovely Hotel in a great location My girlfriend and I stayed in The Universal for three nights in the middle of August. On arriving to the hotel we noticed that the area that it is situated in looks a small bit dodgey but we soon got over that. The staff at check in were extremely friendly and helpful. No problems there.The rooms themselves were spacious enough and extremely clean with the added bonus of a comfortable bed! The only thing was that we stayed at the back end of the hotel which meant the view wasn't much to write home about, looking out at the back of the flats across the way!The hotel also has a small pool (more like an over sized bath),a solarium and a basic gym. We did'nt get the chance to use any of these amenities. On the first night it rained very heavily which forced us to stay at the hotel bar since we were dressed for the sun, this suited us because we were quite tired. The only thing we found about this was that the bar service was quite slow and infrequent.The girl kept walking away from the bar leaving people with empty glasses, this happened on a few occasions during the two hours that we stayed there. Then as soon as the clock struck 12pm the bar was closed straight away without announcing last call as if it were going to turn into a pumpkin or something!The hotels location was excellent, literally only a five minute walk from Las Ramblas. I would recommend doing the hop on hop off bus tour as we found it the best way to get around. I would also recommend going to Sitches, a small village with a beautiful beach situated just 40 minutes by train outside of Barcelona.Overall our stay in The Barcelona Universal Hotel was an extremely pleasent one!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LucyFM
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel This is a great hotel. It is right next to the metro station and a short walk from the Ramblas. The hotel is clean and pretty much has anything that one would want in a city. The gym is quite small as is the pool but i guess they serve their purpose.The area directly round the hotel isn't the best although it is easy to find a cheap breakfast on the street (much better value than the hotel).I would recommend to all groups  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markjacqui
<Content>Very good Had three nights in this hotel after reading all the reviews and was not disapointed. got the train( renfe) from the airport to Barcelona sants.you then require another ticket for the metro and then got the metro train to paral-lel , Station is right outside the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>muert
<Content>Nice nice       that's the view from the top of the hotel  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Nosus
<Content>Highly recommended Excellent hotel and highly recommended. The hotel, itself is situated about a 鈧?3 taxi ride from the airport and this is the only drawback. It is located a 10 min walk from the gorgeous Port Vell and the beginning of Las Ramblas, the main tourist thoroughfare in Barcelona. The area around the hotel is quite run-down and there are many stree-side restaurants, serving 'tourist food' i.e. arroz negro and paella....avoid!!!!The rate for the centre of Barcelona was excellent and was booked through www.booking.com, and on arrival, we were up-graded to a junior suite at no extra charge. This gave us a sitting room and loads of wardrobe space (not that we needed it for 3 days!)The room was spotless and the bathroom was extremely clean with surround sound music, if you wanted it. We didn't use the pool or gym facilities so I can't comment on them and we didn't eat or drink in the hotel. There are plenty little cafes serving whatever you want, on and off Las Ramblas so when a breakfast is 鈧?7, I'd rather go out to eat than stay in and be disappointed.On the day we were leaving, we could leave our luggage in a secure room in the hotel, safe in the knowledge that it wasn't going to be stolen. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful.Barcelona would not be a city that I would be quick to return to, but if I was, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ALH57
<Content>Great Location Just returned from Barcelona Universal having had a fantastic 5 days.Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was small but clean and quiet with a safe, mini bar etc. On the down side it didn't have any external windows but on the plus side it meant it was a very quiet room which I had requested.The pool as already noted by others is small but so refreshing after a day's sightseeing and the views from the terrace are wonderful. It did get a bit crowded at the end of the day but I managed to get a deckchair each day without a problem.The hotel is literally 5 mins from Las Ramblas and has a metro station immediately outside making it easy to get to the tourist sights. However the city is compact and generally it is easy to walk everywhere. We enjoyed a leisurely stroll to the beach and the Gaudi houses.I really loved Barcelona and would definately recommend this hotel. Like any city take care with your belongings and use the safe which is free. We did meet others who had bags stolen as they got out of a taxi and there were always a few tourists in the police station around the corner. We didn't experience any problems although we noted a few shady characters on the metro but we didn't take any chances.We found the restaurants on La Ramblas are very expensive as they add a surcharge for eating outside but we managed to eat well just off La Ramblas. It is however worth paying the extra for a drink on La Ramblas just to experience the street entertainment which is very funny.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mrshowtime
<Content>Nice Enough - Make Sure You Use The SAFE! Nice enough hotel, clean and fairly well located. The only problem was that my partner had her necklace stollen from our room, they claimed that it was our fault because we had not put it in the safe provided! We even put the do not disturb sign on the door and they still went into the room to clean. Apparently they have to go into every room at least once a day as previously somebody died i a room and went un-noticed for 3 days. Breakfast was a dissapointment and would NOT recommend paying the 拢15 for it. The swimming pool on the roof is nice enough although very small (a lot smaller than it appears from the photos) and can get very busy as the roof terrace is quite small.Overall not a bad hotel, smart, clean and helpful staff, if you do stay here be sure to lock everything in the safe! They also have security deposit boxes which are in reception, these require 2 keys, one for you and the hotel keep the other and these are big enough for a laptop - I would recommend using them and not leaving anything lying around. Oh and there is free Wi Fi connection which is good.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	4	

<Author>shelleyjoan
<Content>would recommend this hotel but beware of muggers Have just returned from a wonderful 3 night stay in The Barcelona Universal. The hotel is clean, modern and the hotel staff very helpful, friendly and attentive. Well placed for sightseeing. An added bonus is the roof top pool and surrounding sunbathing area with chairs and sun lounges (towels provided). A great way to relax after a day of sightseeing. If you are at the front of the hotel it can be noisy of a night but thats to be expected its a busy place. The city is easily accessable by metro at 7.20 euros for a ticket of 10 rides which you can share out it's not by person, this includes to and from the airport. The service is fast and efficient. We did the open top bus for a day (20 euros) we did see the major sights but from a distance. Best to do your homework before you go and do your own thing.A word of warning on the first night we went local for a meal in a well lit and populated road, we were walking back when out of a side road a boy/man ran out and attempted to grab my bag. Before I went out I had shortened the strap and it was across my shoulder held tight under my arm. A struggle took place and my husband was knocked to the ground. I managed to hit the boy several times in the face while trying to hold the bag. My husband got up and came towards him with clenched fists. At this point he decided to run empty handed. The frightening thing is there were lots of people around and no one came to our assistance, it's as though it's an every day occurance, which it is, that they have become used to as part of everyday life. I went into a hotel next to were it happened and asked them to call the police. They asked if anything had been stolen when I said no they said why call the police, did I want t o spend time in the police station filling in forms. It didn't ruin our experience of the city but I wonder how much longer it can go on or to what extent before people stop going to barcelona due to the crime. People we spoke to viewed it as though you haven't experienced Barcelona unless you had been pickpocketed or mugged.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tymm
<Content>Good Hotel, Bed a bit uncomfortable I'm so appreciative of other people's reviews when I'm researching a trip, so I thought I'd add my two cents about the places I've stayed. I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights after a 7 day mediterranean cruise in 2006. The hotel was only a 5-10 min cab ride from the port and the lobby was very nice. I liked that the hotel was walking distance to Las Ramblas. Maybe there are better hotels in vicinity to Las Ramblas, but I didn't mind the 10 min walk. It didn't seem that long and the weather was nice. While the neighborhood you walk through isn't perfect and pristine, it's fine, the people seem nice. I wouldn't walk alone at night myself, but that's just common sense. I was always with my husband.The room had a very nice appearance. I liked the modern decor. The bathroom was a little small, but no big deal. The worst part for me was the bed not being very comfortable, no spring to it. Our window faced the street and it was a little noisy at night, but I don't mind street noise that much, but that's just me. Overall it was a nice stay. I would stay there again IF the price was right. I think we paid 230 for 2 nights through expedia. Sorry, that's a guess though, it was a while ago.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trip_Member82
<Content>Great value for money !       barcelona universal  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Whatelse76
<Content>Pretty good We stayed here 2 nights and was pretty satisfied with the Hotel. Clean and service oriented staff. The metro stop Paral'lel was 50 meters from the hotel. I could not recomend the breakfast at 15 euros.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>axheart
<Content>Great Choice Very nice hotel, with pleasent location. Also very helpfull and frindly staff. Only poor this is that soundproofing is really bad, but that was no problem for me...  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Tami8
<Content>Good Location       'Casa Mila' roof chimneys!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>olant
<Content>Affordable and comfortable I stayed at the Universal for eight nights at the end of July . I stayed with a friend in a double room. We payed 鈧?00 each per night, which is cheap considering the standard of the hotel.The hotel is situated at the Parallel street, and has a subway stop right next to the entrace, which made getting around town a breeze - La Sagrada Familia is a five minutes subway ride away, and La Rambla is within walking distance.The room was spacious, with comfortable beds. It featured a minibar, tv, and all the essensial stuff. Nothing special in particular, just what you'd expect. The room was thoroughly cleaned every day.But what really makes this hotel stand out is the roof - where you'll find a swimming pool and a sunbathing deck! Perfect if you don't feel like going to the beach.Also, inside the hotel you get _free_ wifi access, which is a rarity these days. There's also a basic gym on the roof, and two computers available on the 9th floor where you can surf the internet - also for free.The receptionists and the concergie were friendly, helpful and most important: they spoke English fluently. All in all, the Universal hotel was a great place to stay, and if you're looking for a classy hotel in Barcelona at a reasonable rate, this is the place.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>esstee238
<Content>Love the Hotel, give Barcelona a miss We stayed here for five nights in early July. We'd booked a double room but they didn't have one when we arrived. We had to change rooms the next day, which was a little frustrating. Overall we had no problems with the hotel, the rooms were very nice, the staff were helpful and spoke excellent English and the breakfasts were more than adequate. The hotel is right next to the metro station but it is only a five minute walk to La Rambla. We enjoyed Barcelona, especially the Gaudi, BUT we had a bag stolen whilst sat in the Parc de la Ciutadella. Whilst reporting this at the police station we met another couple who had their bag taken in exactly the same place. We passed this police station every day and it was amazing how many tourists were in there, at all times of the day - there is definitely a crime wave going on. If you do go, and we won't be going back, please be very careful. We were luckly and didn't lose any valuables but the other couple lost everything. And we were very careful, they are just extremely clever - we were distracted for no more than 10 seconds!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>wellsa
<Content>Overall, a great place to stay We stayed here for two nights, either side of one night in Perpignan, and were overall very satisfied with the place.The price (EU.101) per night was excellent value for money, compared with many equivalent hotels. The staff were helpful and friendly, the rooms and bathrooms were clean well maintained and it was in short walking distance to Las Ramblas and the main tourist drag.(Limited) Parking is available underneath the hotel. It's a very inconspicuous entrance so don't miss it (like we did...) or you'll end up doing a big loop (like we did...) Parking costs about EU. 21 per night, which is a bit steep but not unexpected, and you will need to check availability first.The view from our first room was ok, 6th floor view onto the main street below. The second room at the back of the hotel was not so good, a decent sized balcony but looking straight into the backs of residential apartments. As we were on a four man boys weekend away, such things didn't really matter, but if I were to have gone with my wife and son, I would probably have asked if another room was available.The swimming pool on the roof is a gem. Only small, but a good place to chill out, and the views of Barcelona are fantastic. We didn't sample the breakfast, so can't comment on the food.Over, I would recommend this as a place to stay if visiting this great city.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelguyandgirl26
<Content>Very nice hotel, decent location My husband and I stayed at the Barcelona Universal Hotel for 3 nights in July. We thought the hotel is great overall.. VERY nice rooms, very spacious (which is pretty surprising, since its Europe). Bathroom was clean. The location was ok, there's a metro station right outside the hotel which proved to be very convenient. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to La Rambla, but the side roads which you have to take are a little dirty, smelly, and dodgy.. so we took the metro instead. It's just 2 stops away, and the Catalunya Plaza is also on the same metro line. This area has lots of restaurants and shops. Information center was also here (La Rambla). The people at the front desk were not very friendly.. but we noticed this throughout our trip in Spain. We reached the hotel early (around 1030) but were asked to wait until 330 for a room. They let us leave our luggage at the hotel though, until our room was ready. They have a basic gym and a pool, though the pool is extremely small. Free internet facility too, which is normally not occupied. Breakfast was included in our package, and we thought it was pretty good.The hotel is good overall, and we would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>LEANNIEFFF
<Content>FANTASTIC HOTEL This is an excellent hotel just what we wanted for our trip to Barcelona.The staff were lovely and extremely helpful. We arrived very late on our first night and were hungry and even though room service had ended ten minutes prior they still did us some food. That set the tone for the entire stay.The room was huge for a central hotel, it was impeccibly clean, particularly the bathroom, which, as frequent travellers know, can often be a source of dirt and disappointment!The communal area on the roof was great. It was small around the pool but you can get steps up to a high solarium area which was equally as good for sunbathing.Overall an incredibly well kept hotel which for 拢90 a night is amazing value.Just have to tell you as well - just down the road from the hotel on a road called Margrite there is an amazing little Italian restaurant called Bella Napoli. I know you dont go to Spain to eat Italian but this place really deserved a mention! Fantastic food, hillariously entertaining staff and cheap too (about 拢50 for wine and three courses!).Enjoy your stay at the Universal because it really is a lovely place!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OxfordJillI
<Content>Nice rooms but poor soundproofing OK, the rooms were nice, and the staff were very professional, BUT for two nights in a row I hardly slept. I could hear everything, including the lift, the people above me walking around in their room, the drunks coming in late, the partying continuing in rooms further down the corridor, the other guests coming out to complain etc. Only go there if you want to party late and sleep late, or if you're deaf. JillOxford, UK  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doktordod
<Content>Excellent hotel An excellent hotel, near the heart of Barcelona, with very good service. I found a very big room, with excellent furniture. I would like to suggest it to all travellers in Barcelona  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Nicki5
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Barcelona Universal Hotel for 3 nights on a trip with my mom and sister. Great for the price as got a good deal with Lastminute.com. We were given rooms next to each other on the 7th floor, didnt have any problems with noise but this is a city. Rooms were very clean, well equiped. We didnt eat or drink in the hotel. The bars and local cafes near the hotel offered great value for money and good for watching the world go by and were well used by local people. I would not recommend walking down Sant Pau as a link to La Rambla. The part near the hotel is fine, the bakery loveley but half way down you are in what appeared to be the red light area. Walk down Nou de la Rambla instead. Hotel is in a great location for exploring barcelona, a metro station outside the front door and approx 20 minute walk up to the Place de espayne, 10 minutes to La Rambla and 15 minutes to the port.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Swirli
<Content>Great value, accommodations, service and location!       A view from one of the decks  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Veronlc
<Content>Great Hotel  After booking this hotel on lastminute.com and getting a great deal as it was one of their 'Secret Hotels' I had grave concerns due to some of the ridiculous reviews that it had been given. The hotel itself is in an excellent location, the metro is located virtually on the doorstep. The metro system is great for travelling around town and should you choose to walk la Rambla is a few minutes away. We were upgraded to a suite, there are only 3 in the hotel, unsure why seems we had paid such a low price - guess we just got lucky! The hotel has a small pool which is great for taking a dip, and the views are spectacular, although can get a bit windy up there! The buffet breakfast was great value for money. The overall appearence of the hotel was clean and the staff friendly.Dont believe the hype!, we travelled around Barcelona and took the usual safety precuations, just use your head its a city after all with all the usual pickpockets, beggars etc. We were on our guard due to all the reports back home about pickpocketing , mugging etc!! You just have to be cautious at all times. Sure parts of the town are probably undesirable at night but just use your noddle and dont let this ruin a great city break - hope you enjoy The Universal as much as we did!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarmeloMalta
<Content>Marvellous stay Hotel Was marvellous and made our stay in Barcellona more pleasant. When we asked for the room to be changed cause outer rooms are more nosy this was done immediately. Breakfast was excellant and the staff were helpful and we had no troubled to communicate in english. I would suggest it to anyone and if i'll return to Barcellona i would go there again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Dave007
<Content>Very good hotel both.... This is a modern hotel very clean and tidy with helpful staff. The rooms were very satisfactory nothing I could complain about. The Hotel is well located. The subway is all but a step away from the main reception and we could get about the city very easily. The harbour is about a 10 minute walk, for some good restaurants and walking at night was as safe as any other city.The only disappointing aspect was the noisy street, but this didn't prevent sleep or cause distraction.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Letustrade
<Content>Excellent modern hotel in an excellent location Hotel turns out to be just as all the previous reviews have said - the goods and the bads. Good location close to but far enough from busy tourist areas, subway station right at door, good restaurants/cafes nearby, noisy main street, modern room and lobby, competitive rates compared with other hotels - good value for money.A laundry shop in the backlane of the hotel washes a bag of your clothes for 10 Euros that opens 9-1 and 4-8. I suspect the hotel itself sends its washings to the shop too - don't quote me on that :)  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Mousers
<Content>Meet expectation, good location, nice size room.       A view from the roof top  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Daize32
<Content>Excellent Hotel Choice Excellent hotel; very close to Les Ramblas and cruise pier. Rooms were spacious and very clean. Staff were very accomodating and helpful; even suggesting attractions to visit during our stay, May 6th to May 9th, 2008. Excellent breakfast spots next door to the hotel.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NorthWalian24
<Content>Brilliant hotel Our stay at this hotel was really enjoyable for several reasons. It was well located - with the Metro stop being right outside the main entrance. This usually meant you could get to any of the major attractions within 10 minutes. The Metro in Barcelona is superb, and very reasonably priced. It also meant that if you decide to get the airport bus into Barcelona, the Universal is only two stops from your drop off point.The staff at the hotel were helpful and always polite. They were happy to speak English despite our best efforts to converse in Spanish. The breakfast is quite expensive, so make sure you check to see whether you have already paid for this. It was approximately 21Euros for breakfast, but I much preferred to go to a local cafe ion the morning for a coffee and croissant for 2 Euros.The pool on the roof is very relaxing, and has nice views.Basically, if you want to enjoy yourself in this great city, then the Universal will make you feel completely relaxed and at ease. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>GeoffandLil
<Content>Universal in May Excellent location-Paral-lel metro station just outside the hotel- giving easy access to all points of interest in Barcelona.Ramblas and Gotic area an easy ten minute walk.Business Hotel with modern stylish rooms - very clean. Views to the front are of the main road, rooms to the rear - would not have a decent view below the eighth floor, but its not claiming to be a hotel with fantastic views. Rooms have safe and minibar.Staff efficient and English speaking (plus other languages)Roof top pool and deck well designed with loungers and towels. Mini gym also on rooftop.Top Tips:Buy a T10 Metro ticket - giving ten trips anywhere in zone one at a much reduced rate. Metro is easy to navigate.The Aerobus from the Airport to the centre of Barcelona -good value at four euros - and runs every 8 minutes.Excellent authentic local bar - ''Confiture' is an old converted sweet shop (not trendy) turn right out of the hotel then you can see it immediately you turn into St Pau.Pizza restaurant - wood burning ovens 'Caleuche' about two hundred metres down St Pau on the left.Very peaceful open air 'cafe d'estiu'- hidden away in placa de sant lu, near the Fredric Mares textile museum.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>KatyLocks
<Content>Very happy with the Barcelona Universal Hotel I booked two nights in Barcelona for my partners birthday. As it was a present i wanted to stay somewhere nice, and i was really pleased with my choice. The hotel was clean and modern. It was very central, with a tube station on the door step . Our room was an excellent size and the hotel food was nice. The only negative i can give is that the hotel was on a busy main road, and could be noisey at night.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Archmac
<Content>A non-smoking hotel in Spain that actually IS non-smoking! This was the best hotel of our two-week trip to Spain. The staff was extraordinarily helpful, the room layout and cleanliness were perfect, and they strictly enforce their non-smoking policy. This was the only hotel that had enough deskspace for a computer, and actually provided enough outlets too (we stayed at two new hotels and one older one...I can understand the old hotel being short on outlets, but there is no reason for our room at the Paseo del Arte in Madrid to only have one free outlet). This hotel also defintely had the best rooftop pool and 'solarium' (open area for sunbathing), with killer views.My only wish would be that it were in closer walking distance to Passeig de Gracia and Las Ramblas, but, with a subway stop just outside the door, and a 10-use subway pass that only costs 10 Euros (and two people can use the same pass one after the other), this wasn't a problem. It was also reasonably close to my new favorite restaurant in Barcelona, Sesamo...organic / vegetarian, but you'll never miss the meat.Breakfast is included, they start serving at 7am (for all of us jet-lagged tourists), and this hotel easily had the tastiest and most varied breakfast of all the hotels we stayed at.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ems80
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here with my husband for four nights just before Easter. Staff were friendly at check-in, room was spacious and nicely decorated. Location is great - only about 10-15 mins walk from La Ramblas although the street that the hotel is located on isn't one of the nicest and I wouldn't want to be out too late there on my own.All in all, a pleasant stay. If you are a light sleeper, request a room at the back of the hotel as the hotel is situated on quite a busy street and it can get noisy.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>VuvsEl
<Content>universal hotel "great" we stayed at the Universal this month (April) and were delighted with it, the location was great, the rooms are lovely and modern, extremely clean, and comfortable. The amenieties at the hotel are also a bonus, the rooftop area gives stunning views over the city, and although we didnt use the pool and gym, they looked great.. The only down side to our break was the sound of ambulance/police sirens at ALL times of the night , continuously waking us up, but to be fair that is not the hotels fault.. A great place to stay, with polite helpful staff, and the only place ive ever talked on the phone while sitting on the toilet.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tinkerbell_23_Fife
<Content>beauliful hotel, great location       the bathroom  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Katen2k2
<Content>Awesome Hotel, Pleasant Stay! We stayed for 3 nights in this hotel and it was a great experience. The Parallel metro stop is in front of the hotel and connects you to anywhere in the city. 10 minutes walk to Ras Ramblas which is good, because you really do not want to stay close to the crowded Ramlas street. There is a small bakery just round the corner when you turn right into the next street behind the hotel. Very good pastries and also a supermarket next to it which we found to be very handy. The ATM machine is across the main street, if you ask the people in the lobby they will let you know. The rooms were clean and pretty good size by European standards. The staff were very nice, most of them very a bit more friendly than others :) Overall we really enjoyed our stay in this hotel and we will definitely go back if we ever go back to Spain. Just a reminder: watch you bags and belongings in Spain any where. My backpack with all of my travel documents and camera was stolen right at the security gate at the airport. The police didn't make any effort to find it either...very sad.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>c_and_p_CT
<Content>Excellent       Bathroom right  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>coagie
<Content>fantastic hotel and location We stayed at Barcelona Universal on 6 March for 3 nites. It was fantastic. We booked a double room thro Travel Republic and we were given one of the suites (including jacuzzi) on the top floor - what a bonus. The hotel is on a main road but we had no problems with noise as we were located at rear of hotel. We had huge balcony which overlooked Barcelona. There is a tube station just outside hotel and it is a 10/15 minute walk to La Ramblas. We ate at several of the cafes for breakfast which were fine and reasonably priced. Hotel staff were friendly and very efficient and the suite we were given was very clean and modern. The only downside being there was no tea/coffee facility in room and the bar in hotel closed at 11pm (a bit early) but apart from this we had a fantastic stay and would definately recommend the hotel - we would go back.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aviator26
<Content>great deal, great hotel, great location Very nice four-star hotel only a few blocks from the popular Las Ramblas road. Friendly  courteous staff, all English speaking. Room and bathroom were huge by European standards. Had Sky satellite televsion. A bit noisy if you have a street-side room, but with the windows closed the noise is well insulated. Very close to subway stop. A great choice at any price, but was an especially good value with the rate we got. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lougire
<Content>Location Great! Experience Fantastic. What a great hotel! The staff were excellent, very helpful. They knew they're city and enough english to direct us were we needed to go. The hotel is located just five minutes from the Columbus statue which is a great hub to catch transportation to any part of the city.The roof top wadding pool and excercise room are small but we spent most of our time exploring the city. The rooms are spacious and clean. Everything was very modern and I would stay there again anytime I'm in Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>emma123London
<Content>Do Not Waste Your Money I am amazed that this hotel has a four star rating. It lacks everthing that a four star hotel should have. The pool is very small and the gymnasium should not be a feature. The noise of traffic is unbearable as it is located on a busy road. There is a very small bar in the reception, but there is no bar staff and if you want a drink the porter has to fetch someone from the restaurant upstairs. The rooms are very small, but clean I have to say. The most dissapointing thing was the staff. Every member of staff was rude and unhelpful. One example, was when we asked for toothpaste which is a little sachet provided at the beginning of the stay. Our request was refused and there was nowhere local to find toothpaste. Were were also charged 鈧?3 for car parking in possible the tightest car park in the world!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>worldismyoyster82
<Content>Perfect!!- Great location in beautiful Barcelona.       Rooftop pool  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CorkAnon
<Content>Great hotel, great location This hotel is very central, very easy to find from the airport with a metro stop just outside the door  just a couple of minutes walk from Las Ramblas. We had a lovely big  comfortable room  bathroom. The staff were helpful  friendly, we didn't eat in the hotel as there are so many places close by. I would highly recommend this hotel as a great place to stay. Barcelona is a super city, well worth a visit.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tdown
<Content>Very Pleasant, Very Clean Hotel I enjoyed a lovely pleasant stay for 3 nights mid-week at the Hotel Barcelona Universal. The two issues I had most concerns about before travelling was cleanliness and security but I have to say I would definately stay at the Universal again - the cleanliness was top notch and there was a safe in the room (no ridiculous extra charge either).Regarding Barcelona in general, we had heard a lot about pick-pockets etc but while I am certainly not naive, I didn't encounter or see anything of this sort. Having said keep a good grasp on your belonging at all times.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CitrusZest
<Content>Nice enough hotel - Barcelona was very very disapointing The hotel reception staff were great, very welcoming and helpful and the rooms and the hotel are nice enough.It did get very noisy in the rooms at night though as our room was situated facing a main road and ambulances went up and down all night every night making it hard to sleep.The hotel bar was just a waste of space with no bar staff ever on it, no draught beers and they had even ran out of vodka when we asked so we could not sit and have a drink before bed.As for Barcelona itself it was a massive let down and I really can't see what all the fuss is about. It is overly expensive unless you stay off the main strip and you really need prior knowledge of the good spots to avoid being ripped of (charged 鈧?8 for two poor breakfasts and another 鈧?8 for two large beers on las ramblas - go slightly off the strip however into a square and there are one or two great restaurants and pubs selling top food and drink for cheap)It is very run down in places and from the hotel you have to walk down 'prostitute street' to get to the main strip. Also the main smell in and around las ramblas and most of where we went in Barcelona is of the sewers.We have been to many places and barcelona is the one place we will be happy never to return too.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	5	

<Author>Shoegal79
<Content>Nice hotel, Barcelona itself a BIG let down! Nice hotel, recently renovated, but very pricey drinks in the bar, breakfast/food  mini bar (I had to pay 拢7 for 3 little bottles of coke out of the mini bar!!) - the rooms themselves are lovely although very noisy, according to the room info their all soundproofed but they can't be if I could hear the people next door using the toilet! The cleaners are very persistant banging on the doors in the morning and despite the do not disturb sign went in and cleaned my room, with the do not disturb sign thrown on the floor when I got back. It would have been nice if they were more courtious about not disturbing people and shouting down the corridors to one another at only 9am in the morning when people have had late nights and/or are trying to get showered to go out.I have to say, apart from the Gaudi interest I really dont see what the appeal is about Barcelona - we were stared at constantly all weekend, the locals were very rude, there were prostitutes at night lingering the streets in intimidating groups, lots of homeless, pick pocketers (a man in our hotel had 拢300 stolen from his pocket on La Ramblas), the locals forced us into the road off the small pavements because they weren't prepared to compromise or give way and it was VERY expensive and I had 2 men approach me within a five minute period the first one running his fingers down my bare arms and making suggestive comments, when told to leave me alone I was greeted with a mouthful of english swear words, the second one just a few minutes later aimed straight for me trying to kiss me and touch me - both of these men were dirty, unkept, dodgy and very frightening and the unsafe feeling I got stayed with me all weekend. I smiled at everybody I made eye contact with in the streets and not one person smiled back, I met some American girls who said they had been told there was times in the day which are sociably acceptable to look at them and make eye contact, whether or not this is correct I'm not sure but I definately felt like we weren't welcome.There was old women begging everywhere for money and even whilst trying to get money out of the ATM in the bank opposite the hotel there was homeless people sleeping on the floor.The only good thing I have to say is about the Gaudi church which is still being completed, it was lovely, however, I wouldn't recommend Barcelona as a place to anyone and I would NEVER step foot back in this city! I've done some travelling in my lifetime but this has got to be the worst place I have ever been by far! Luckily I was my girly friends and we all made the most of it and really enjoyed each others company, but had I have been on my own there I would have been petrified.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>urmajesty
<Content>fantastic location! Hotel at a great location, about 10 min. walk to La Ramblas, or to the other side which is Colon (columbus tower). Subway station just outside, close to La Caixa(bank) for foreign curency exchange, never go to las Ramblas, rates are low. Rooms are clean, beds are a bit small, 2 twin beds. Refrigerator in room, wireless internet service in room is FREE! Just ask for an access code. Staff are helpful when asked. Dinner buffet cost 18 euros, additional 4 euros if you like meat(steak, etc) very pricy. Breakfast if not part of your hotel price is 29 euros for 2. Coffee shops, and pharmacy nearby. Safe place to walk late at night. Check-in time at 3pm, they can store your luggage upon arrival in a safe place if room not ready and you are ready to explore Barcelona. Hotel close to all touristy spots.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colin7629
<Content>Loved it! From the fabulous hotel lobby to the roof top pool this hotel is pure class. Loved it and loved that it was a bit away from las ramblas. Only about a 10 minute walk down some residential streets but the walk was fantastic. Subway was literally outside the door and took you wherever you wanted within minutes and very reasonable. Was very easy to use as well. Hotel staff were fantastic, rooms were spacious and clean and extras were reasonably priced. Barcelona itself was brilliant, would thoroughly recommend teh city and will be back again soon.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Labellestar
<Content>Lock Up Your Valuables! Hotel was OK but noisy traffic all night.Be sure to LOCK UP your stuff!!!I lost a nice pair of earrings tucked down into the bottom of my makeup bag.The management was not helpful.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	5	2	-1	

<Author>moopie1
<Content>Comfortable, modern decor, nice place Nice hotel. Room was very comfortable and modern, and good-sized as well. Staff was friendly. Within walking distance of Las Ramblas. Overall, a very pleasant experience.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RShimizu
<Content>Pleased with Barcelona Universal We stayed here late November 2007 for 4 nights. Overall, the accommodations were good. The hotel is located literally right in front on the Metro stop Paral.lel so getting around and navigating Barcelona was super simple and convenient. The hotel itself is in an area called El Raval and there are convenient quick stop restaurants around the hotel. There is a charming churros stand near the hotel where we had the BEST churros filled with dulce de leche. Also, Las Ramblas is actually walking distance from the hotel so that was great as well. As far as the room goes, it was clean with modern, minimalist decor and a comfy bed. I found the bathroom to be a bit outdated (florescent lights, ew!) but clean nonetheless. I would definitely recommend this hotel for someone looking for affordable, modern, functional, and clean accommodations.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pkd100
<Content>Great value for money - Go for it!!! We have just returned from a 2 nights stay at this hotel. We carefully reviewed other users' opinions on this hotel in TripAdvisor and booked directly through the hotel's website. Booking directly is easy and we got instant confirmation.The hotel is right in front of the Metro station (Paral.lel), 10 minutes walk to Las Ramblas and Barri Gotic. Their normal check-in time is 3 PM and we arrived at 11 AM. They asked us to wait till 2 PM b'coz our room was not ready then. They offered to keep our luggage in their cloak room (they gave a receipt of this, so pretty reliable). Staff were courteous and helpful.The hotel has a swimming pool in the terrace, the views of the city from the terrace are good.Rooms were clean, spacious, comfortable and had a safe. The rooms facing the main road were slightly noisy if you were to keep the windows open, but the heavy curtains are easily able to stop those noise from being a nuisance. Moreover, the rooms are air-conditioned, so you don't need to open the windows. The bathroom was clean and big.There was NO tea/coffee making provisions in the room. For a supposedly 4-star hotel, I thought this is a basic must-have in rooms. The minibar was stocked with a variety of snacks, but it was very expensive.The hotel is 10 minutes walk from Las Ramblas, the main touristy place of Barcelona. However, it is in one of the not-so-good areas of the city. The hotel's surroundings do not portray the best things about Barcelona. The road from the hotel to Las Ramblas is slightly deserted and not very comfortable to walk by after 11 PM. However, we did not find any issues although we used to walk through these areas to the hotel by 10 PM. The thing to remember is, just be careful of your belongings and people / things around you and you will be fine.The hotel sells tickets for external service providers as well which is very helpful. We booked our tickets for a Flamenco show through the Front Desk in the hotel. They also gave us a city map which was very useful to explore the city.The hotel certainly is value for money. The surprise element is, the VAT amount was not indicated in the room's price in the hotel's website, but it didn't pose any issues as such. They do accept Credit Cards.There are 4 computers for free internet access, useful to check things at the last minute.Overall, a great hotel if you are visiting Barcelona. We'll definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>snug22
<Content>Clean and spacious, good location and friendly staff. Strongly recommended I just came back from Barcelona trip and had stayed at Hotel Barcelona Universal for 2 nights. It is located at Av. del Paral.lel, strategic location to explore Barcelona. Near to most of the attraction in Barcelona from the Port Vell (Old Port), Villa Olimpic, to La Rambla and many more.The Paral.lel Metro station just in front of the hotel, thus it is so convenience.The room was spacious and clean, and there is safe in the room. The staffs are nice and friendly and we were given the city map upon check-in which was very useful for us to explore the city.Will stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>report88
<Content>Good hotel       Mother Theresa of Calcutta feeding station between the hotel  the ramblas  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crooky65
<Content>Comfy rooms       Busy road early morning  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>justanothaday
<Content>Thoroughly recommend this hotel. Stayed in this hotel for three nights in early October 07.Was very impressed, very clean and tidy. Nice rooms which were cleaned daily. The hotel offered a good breakfast with lots of variety. Good location, metro stop (Parallel) right outside and only two stops from Catalunya! A short walk to Las Ramblas. Lots of bars/restaurants nearby to get a drink or something to eat. Yes the area is slightly run down, I'd say the hotel is the best looking building on that part of the street! Don't let that put you off though, myself and my boyfriend didn't have any trouble in the area or anything. Overall, great hotel. Would definitely go again if I was heading to Barcelona! I recommend it.:)  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rmtkol
<Content>Great break Returned 20th Oct from 5 night stay and would recommend this hotel. Hotel booked from reading other reviews and wasn't disappointed. Very clean, excellent service from all staff. Metro is right outside hotel but Ramblas only a 10 minute walk anyway. Area is a little run down, but ok, plenty of bars and cafe restaurants very closeby for cheap snack and a drink - hotel bar has little atmosphere although service good - hence using bars for night cap or late afternoon drink having walked all day, before returning to hotel. Breakfast was good with plenty of choice of fruit drinks, cereals, bacon, sausage, egg etc, as well as rolls, yogurt, cold meats, fruit, cakes and bread. Used hotel restaurant one night, food was excellent.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Katesmcl
<Content>Great hotel both for location and comfort Stayed in the hotel for 4 nights in October. Room and bathroom was spacious and clean. Room was cleaned daily and any bathroom items used replaced. Breakfast was good with a variety of foods available. Gym was not up to much, but then again depends on why you are visiting the hotel!! Nice sun terrace with a smallish poolon the roof with impressive views over the city. As had read reviews about the noise and view being blocked requested a room with a view on a higher floor. Was on floor 8 with a view over towards the center of the town, could also see the outline of the Sagrada Familia, did not hear any street noise as was at back of hotel. Location could not have been better. 5-10 mins walk into the heart of La Rambla and to the port. Metro stop right outside the hotel and only a few stops to sants station where you can transfer for the airport train. Overall very impressed with the hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtmr
<Content>Don't Give This Hotel a Second Look Hotel is not what you expect for a 4 star hotel. If you stay in other 4 star hotels in the UK, America, or other places in Europe, I would expect certain items as Tea/Coffee in your room. The only freebie you got was internet access and a safeWe arrived as a party of 8 on Monday 17th September, and left on Saturday 22nd September. On arrival hotel looked OK but the area is very run down, dirty and very noisy. Yes I agree with others that it's location is great for Las Rambla and the Metro, but I guarantee there are better hotels in a more suitable area than this oneThe room I stayed in was fine, can't complain too much about it, but 2 of our 3 other rooms had hardly any/no view (except a brick wall), again not great considering the amount of money you spend for a 4 star hotel roomOn Tuesday night, the toilet continually dripped water into the toilet bowl, told reception the next morning and they said it would be dealt with. Great I thought. Was out until early evening, came back to room and the room was left open. Totally amazed, so much for security. Luckily nothing was taken, informed reception and they were very apologetic. We got a bottle of Champagne on the house, but only because I asked for something from the hotelThe worst was yet to come though. In our party we had 2 special birthdays, 40 and 16. We decided to stay in the hotel for a celebratory evening meal on the Friday -the night before we left. What a mistake!!! The service was dire, food average, the chips were cold. When the champagne was delivered, it was not put into an ice bucket, and not even poured by the waitress/waiters. This I hope does not sound snobby in any form, as you get this sort of service in standard restaurants. I asked for the air conditioning to be switched on and the smell from it was vile. It smelt like urine, and these fumes were blowing onto the salad buffet bar. My clothes, by the end of the night, smelt very badly, imagine what the food was likeAs it was 2 birthday celebrations, we got the hotel to bring out a cake with some candles. They did so, we then asked for a knife to cut the cake. A butcher's carving knife was brought out, and only when I was about to cut the cake, it was noticed, by one of our party, that the knife had blood all over it. It was absolutely disgusting, I could not believe my eyes. Reception was immediately informed, and again were very apologetic, kept the knife for evidence to inform the hotel manager the next morning. We were given some extra champagne as a sorry, along with a large apple pie. After seeing what their utensils look like, did they think we would eat it?To make matters worse, when I returned to my room, I met 2 other guests who had eaten out and had had a great meal. I told them about the night's events, and they were told by the man on reception not to eat at the hotel and to definitely eat out - says it all doesn't it?So the following morning, I expected to see the hotel manager, but he was not due in, even though I was told he was going to be. Instead we saw the duty manager, who again was very apologetic. We did not pay for the meal, our drinks or any of the champagne. I asked the hotel to write to me via e-mail but nothing is yet to arrive. I will be sending this report direct to the hotel as I thought I at least deserved a response from the hotel, but then again, do they care?Would I go back?? Most definitely not. Would I recommend it, again most definitely not. If you want to eat food that is been cut with cross contaminated utensils, then go to this hotel. But if their own staff state not to eat their food, then trust me - Don'tDon't get me wrong, the room was very clean, most of the staff were helpful, especially Veronica, but certain members were very snooty and were quite unhelpfulSo, not a great review for the hotel, I agree, but I believe in honesty. Be very aware and careful where you go  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	2	4	3	3	5	

<Author>dotAberdeen
<Content>great hotel this a fantastic central hotel.breakfast was great.rooms spotless.our only complaint was that the traffic could be a bit noisy at night as the hotel is on a main road.we would return.a 5 min walk took us on to la ramblas.also a metro right outside the door.taxi from airport 20 euros.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>abdeslem1
<Content>great we had five days break in this 4star hotel,the hotel was placed near the heart of barcelona we would highly recomend you look at this as your first choice stop.the staff and the facilities were perfect .can hardly wait to come again a s we surely will. J Hall  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MapChic
<Content>Great location! The Barcelona Universal Hotel is a great choice for a visit to Barcelona . . . the metro is close and it is an easy walk to the Las Ramblas and Barri Gotic areas. We are unsure how to describe the neighborhood . . . it is not quaint, but it is safe and convenient. Staff members were friendly and helpful, and the free computer with internet access was quite a plus for us.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>poochy76
<Content>OK Hotel - (My Mum loved it) I booked this hotel through Lastminute.com as one of their Top Secret hotels to get a better rate. Booked a standard Twin/Double. On arrival at the hotel I was disappointed by the location as the road seemed quite run down. The reception was pleasant even though the guy on the front desk was a little snooty (but I came across a few snooty people on my short visit to Barcelona - is this just my bad luck?). Anyway, being a 4 star hotel I expected a reasonably nice room but it was quite small and reminded me of Travel Inn room - cheap duvet, cheap furniture. The whole feel of the room was a disappointment as it felt very worn out and bland. The location was also a let down for me as the streets we had to walk down to get to the tourist areas were very smelly and quite seedy. It takes around 15 mins to get to Las Ramblas. There is a tube stop close by though. The buffet breakfast was nice. There was a small unused heated pool on the roof - which is worth the visit for a panoramic view of the city. After a long day sightseeing we didn't want to have to walk miles looking for a nice restaurant so asked the front desk (which has always worked out well for me on previous holidays) - they recommened the L'Amphere - which was a 10 minute walk away. It turned out to be a 20 minute brisk walk uphill - further along the less than picturesque Avenue Parallel. I'm ashamed to say but once we got to the restaurant it was a huge let down (I had asked for a nice restaurant with good food) - we didn't stay long enough to order food as the place was a dump! We ended up going to Basilica which we passed on our way. This was a beautiful place with great decor and food and was unbelievably half the price! Maybe the receptionists brother owns L'amphere? Who knows!! But generally the hotel is ok - no major gripes - a clean bed to rest your head - my parents and my boyfriend all thought it was good - but I want the hotel to just as much part of the whole experience - a little luxury and comfort away from home - unfortunately The Barcelona Universal is just OK.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>eFord
<Content>Bag a Bargin ! We enjoyed the hotel and had a big room for the 3 of us (daughter aged 3), plus a small room for my parents. After lots of communcication with the hotel they upgraded the room from a standard as we required a bed. Be carefull as they try and supply a cot for children under 3. The rooms are clean and beds are comftable. The bathroom is also a 4* standard, I liked the extras that were free, toothpaste, shoe cleaner ETC and towels where changed daily with a towel rail. The bar is useless and we didn't use the restraunt (many choices in the area). We also used the metro and found it easy to commute around with our daughter. The roof top pool was a disapointment as it was smaller than a toddler pool at our local pool (very very small), lucky if you can do a single stroke. We booked 2 rooms on the website for 3 nights for 640EUR. But when checking out they tried to charge 640EUR for each room until luckily I always carry my confirmations and proved otherwise.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>anna32Greece
<Content>a central hotel with access to the best of Barcelona       placa de Spagna  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Glitter-Queen
<Content>Great hotel in good location This hotel was in a great location for one that is not on Las Ramblas. A 5 minute walk took you to the Port area or Las Ramblas but for travel round the city the underground train station is at the front door of the hotel- you couldn't get any closer. The rooms were well appointed- nothing luxurious but pleasant if slighly small. The breakfast was very good- I would recommend you book this at time of booking hotel room as works out cheaper and it was a cooked breakfast with eggs, bacon, cereal, fruit, fruit juice, toast, tea, coffee, buns etc. Small pool on roof- more of a plunge pool but sunbathing area as well with small gym- I loved it as you had great views over city and nice to relax and cool down - no its not big but ideal for a city hotel. Lots of nice restaurants in Barcelona- I recommend going just of Las Ramblas for great value and go to the Fairy Bar at the bottom of Las Ramblas beside the wax museum just for the novelty factor. We took the tourist bus round the city and although I would never normally do anything so tacky it was a great idea as limited walking- we got to see al the sights and you can hop on and off as you want- top tip don't board in Place Catalyna as its so busy- we boarded at the Port area- means you get to sit upstairs which is a must. I would definately stay in this hotel again as its a great location and good value for money in Barcelona where many hotels are overpriced and not great.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Stewartytosh
<Content>Can't complain about this place.... Stayed Monday to Friday last week and thoroughly enjoyed both the hotel  Barcelona. Hotel facilities are very good, lovely rooms, good breakfast, staff were very pleasant and helpful to us.I can certainly recommend this hotel. Go to 'El Glop' in for a lovely meal.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Jungle_Boogie
<Content>Comfortable and great location We have just returned from a long weekend at the Barcelona Universal. We found the hotel to meet all our requirements - the beds and pillows were very comfy and the bathroom was lovely. We were on the fourth floor at the back of the hotel which was very quiet.The pool was small with very few sunbeds but we managed to find some floor space to lie on which was ok for a quick half hour rest after a hectic day of siteseeing.This hotel is very conveiently located next to a metro station which we used several times. Its only a 10 minuted walk onto las ramblas and about 20 minuted to the port.We never dined at the hotel but this suited us fine since there were plenty of cafes/bars outside for breakfast, lunch and evening meals.All in all i would recommend this hotel for its comfort and location - staff were not the most helpful but this seems to be the case in large hotels!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LfbFrance
<Content>wouldn't come back My husband and I were first glad to arrive at this hotel. Nice location, nice rooms, nice staff. But unfortunately we asked a staff to recommend a good restaurant nearby since it was our first time to Barcelona (or Spain), and we actually dined there. That meal changed our view of the hotel completely. Should've known better when he actually had business cards of that restaurant to give to customers.When we arrived, we noticed that none of the customers(actually only two other tables) were local people (bad sign) 'cause they not only don't look like locals, but nobody was speaking Spanish. We guessed that they were all hotel guests like us.The food was OK. Not the typical Spanish dishes we expected, just steak and fish that you get at any chain restaurant. What was outrageous was the bill. It came to almost 100 euros. We live in Paris(where living costs are usually higher than spain), with 100 euros two people can have a very pleasant meal in a decent restaurant. Plus, on the bill, a liter of sangria was 20+ euros! (as we later found out, you can get the most expensive sangria for 12/liter). Plus, as bread is free and always served at french restaurants, when the bread was served without us asking, we ate it. Then they charged us for that! Water too.All in all, we totally felt we got ripped off.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>grommy2
<Content>clean and comfortable we thought this hotel was very good, close to all amenities, though it is in a little seedy area we had no problem at all, the pool is small but the sunbeds and chairs on the decking are very comfortable, and a good view, breakfast is continental style , everything there you would want, it could pay you to bring your own teabags though, never had evening meal, there is a little road noise, but if you are higher than 2 floor or at the rear it is no problem, especially after a couple of drinks on the ramblas, will go back again  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Kateguide
<Content>Great value, great location We stayed at this hotel for a girls weekend, there were 7 of us in 4 rooms. The hotel was in a great location, only 10 minutes walk to La Rambla and the harbour. The rooms were clean, Our room faced the main road but noise wasn't a problem. The pool on the roof is more of a plunge pool, however, it was still nice to have a dip after a hard day's sight seeing; the views up there are also pretty good. The staff were helpful and particularly good at getting taxis.We got a good deal that didn't include breafast, this wasn't a problem for us as we weren't getting up early and there were plenty of local cafes offering good food at keen prices.The only bad thing I can remember was that there were no tea  coffee facilities in the room, other than that it was good.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pandette
<Content>Very unhelpful and unfriendly staff Hotel although in an excellent location was full of very unfriendly and unhelpful staff. it was my wife's 50th birthday which we did state before arriving and there was not even a glass of wine waiting for her when we checked in. Incidently if you like to have a view change your room if they give you 615 it has no natural light if you open the window it goes directly on to a brick wall,As said before location right on top of the station 10 mins walk to Las Ramblas and very friendly staff either in cafe opposite or the one with blue seat covers if you turn left outside the hotel Great comfortable base if you want to explore the city - but not if you like the staff to be warm and friendly  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cla114
<Content>Nice location at decent price, but you can find better value in Barcelona The hotel is in a good location (near all the main attractions and near the underground) but the area is not great and the rooms are just ok. Considering that in Barcelona you can find very stilish hotels at good prices I think this is not the best value hotel. Hotel Jazz or Hotel Soho are more stylish, albeit a bit more expensive. Nothing bad about this hotel but the room furniture is very ordinary, and very much like a NH hotel, which is a more downmarket spanish chain. I think NN hotels are supposed to be more upmarket and more stylish, so this one is a bit of a disappointment in this sense. However personnel was very nice and the location is good, my complaints relate only to the furniture.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ALTESSE
<Content>4* ??? This is a reasonable hotel with a few flaws and most definetly be a 4*..Bar had no beer only wine and closed at 11pmSwimming pool is absolutly tiny.and although close to everything the area is less appealing than other parts of town  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Suzie81
<Content>Lovely Hotel!!! This hotel proved to be fantastic for my boyfriend and I, we stayed here for 4 nights at end of May.The breakfast was lovely, had everything inc bacon ,eggs, muffins, fresh fruit ,cereal etc and you can get it right up until 11am - good for the day you need a lie in!Our room was very spacious with a lovely bathroom and fresh towels and linen every day! There is a metro station right outside the hotel door which was very handy as its the best way to get around the gorgeous city!I would very much recommend this hotel and def stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Corneliadieandere
<Content>Unwilling Management We spent a nice time in barcelona. My husband, my two taughters (12 and 14 years) and our little son (baby). The hotel is nice but there is a lot of traffic noice also during the night. So you must keep the windows closed. The hotel bar is realy bad - sorry for that. The hotel offers a good continental breakfast.. If you make an online reservation, it is impossible to mention that you travel with children. So an adults room price will be charged for them, if they stay in a seperat room. Neither the hotel staff nor the manager was willed to change the fee to a children rate, only the baby is free of charge. That is realy a shame for a hotel with four stars.That's the way a satisfied guest leaves the hotel angry and dissatisfied.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>Tommytours
<Content>A great weekend We were ten friends (boys) that were on our yearly Christmas-travel. And this year it was Barcelona鈥檚 time!Through a local travel agency, and a look on Trip Advisor, we ended up with the Universal hotel. And we did not regret this afterwards.The rooms were spacious, and we all got separate beds like we booked ahead.The location was perfect when we should go out. Even for shopping and nightlife.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adamneil
<Content>Great base to explore and get a tan! Just back from 4 nights at the Barcelona Universal Hotel. My wife and I visited Barcelona for a few days to explore Barcelona for the first time. Before booking I had read a lot of the reviews posted here.We were in a 4th floor room at the front of the hotel. Before travelling I had tried to get us moved to the back where it would be quieter, but the hotel was fully booked with conference delegates. There was a bit more noise than we would have liked from the traffic and the seemingly endless sirens from emergency vehicles, but both of us are heavy sleepers and this didn't cause us any problems, nor did we experience any problems with noise from within the hotel, although some rooms are located next to the restaurant and the lift shafts and would probably have been noisier.Our room was a typical good business class standard, although tea and coffee facilities were a miss, the mini bar fridge was very useful; we were not discouraged from using it to store our own bottles. The real plus for us was the roof top terrace. After a morning and afternoon of exploring it was great to get back to the hotel to go out and lie in the sun for an hour or two and read a book and lap up the rays before getting ready to go out for dinner.The area around the hotel is not the greatest; a lot of dodgy looking folks hanging around and the ladies of the night were around, although this is really confined to one street between Paral lel and Las Ramblas. However, we made sure that we didn't walk through the streets between Las Ramblas and Paral lel after dark, we used the metro at night. Despite the issues mentioned above, the area around the hotel seems to be undergoing some redevelopment and in the future I think it will improve as the location is really very very good in terms of locality near to the main tourist areas of Las Ramblas, the Marina, the Metro system, etc, etc. Never tried the restaurant in the hotel or the restaurants near by so can't comment on them too much. Breakfast in the hotel was included in our package and was fine, but not worth paying for if not included. No problems with staff, polite and reserved in the main. Ordered a taxi no problem when checking out for getting back to the airport. Room cleaned to a good standard every day and do not disturb signs fully observed.This hotel certainly added to the quality of our trip and I would certainly recommend it to other travellers.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>irishgirl84
<Content>Great location We are just back from a short stay in this hotel and it was lovely. It is very well located and within easy reach of everywhere. We were on the 9th floor with an inward view room which was good because there was no noise but bad if you crave natural light! We did not know what the weather was like outside until we went out!!!! HOWEVER, the hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff nice. The room was very big and loads of room for us and our 6 month old. Would recommend it but ask for a room with natural light!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bilyclub
<Content>Good Value For The $$$$       roof view  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>ChelseaGatineau
<Content>would not stay there again This hotel has a fantastic location being near Las Ramblas but for a new modern hotel, it is extremely noisy. The rooms are very nice but with hardwood floors, you can hear people walking in the rooms above. The walls must be paper thin, because you can hear people in other rooms talking and we were right beside the elevator and it never stopped - right through the night, that elevator kept going. We put out the do not disturb sign on our door in order to have a well deserved nap in the afternoon but that did not stop the cleaners, while vacuming the hallway, of hitting our door and the walls 4-5 times while cleaning (this happened on both days we were at the hotel). Also, on the morning we left, the hotel staff would not order us a taxi for the airport until after we had checked out. This delayed us by 15 min and it was not appreciated.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mbyrnefire
<Content>liked this hotel My wife  I stayed there 4/16/07 for 4 nights, as did our son and daughter-in-law. Good location, wonderful views from the 10th floor deck. We ended up with a huge handicapped access room. Quiet as long as you keep the window closed. Lovely little pool on the 10th floor deck. Breakfast the usual buffet. Staff very helpful, fluent English.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Bunpo
<Content>Location, Location As all the other reviews have advised; the best thing about this hotel is the location. It is beside Paral-lel Metro station and is only 2 stops from La Rambla (Liceu station). We bought a 3 day pass for approx EUR 13 and had unlimited travel around the city for the period.The hotel is very clean and modern but rooms on the street are noisy from 6am onwards with morning traffic (request a room at the back). Reception staff were efficient and courteous.Do not eat on La Rambla as it is very expensive and you will find nicer, less expensive restaurants on the streets leading off here. Have breakfast on the 7-8th floor of El Cortes Ingles glass fronted restaurant to have an excellent view over Placa de Catalunya. Take the cable car from the Port and Montjuic and have a drink at the bar at the top and you will have panoramic views over the city.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kirsty10rob
<Content>Excellent hotel in perfect location Hotel was in perfect location, right next to metro (which takes you everywhere and every 3 mins or so) and walking distance from La Rambla and basically everywhere else. Room was very clean and modern, a little nosy but not so much that you couldnt sleep. Would definately recommend it and will definately be going back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>gazinwigan
<Content>Excellent Hotel, In An Excellent Location!!! Just got back from 5nights at the barcelona Universal Hotel. hotel is in a perfect location, the staff are english speaking and very helpful with anything you require. the room was very nice, if looking for a bad point i would say that the view from the room could have been better as it overlooked flats at the back of the hotel, but this didnt bother us in the slightest. there are 2 computers with free internet access, or you can plug in your laptop in the room for free access.we only tried the food in the hotel once for an evening meal during our stay, and the food was excellent, although i wouldnt bother having a tea or coffee, as they are served in a cup a similar size to a shot glass and can be drunk with one sip.Overall this hotel is excellent and i would recommend to anyone!! however, we found the general spanish people as a whole to be very ignorant and they think nothing of pushing you aside or cutting into queue's. also be vey wary of some games where you have to find a ball under match boxes or flower sellers on la ramblas as they are gypsies creating a distraction and will pick your pockets in seconds!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AFMalahide
<Content>Centrally loacated, clean, easy and good quality staff Barcelona Universal is a reasonable four star hotel located close to Las Rambla, the harbour and pretty much anywhere else you want to go, due to the metro station outside the door.I can't really fault the hotel, except perhaps the price, given the fact that I booked three months in advance. That said, hotel prices are nuts in Europe anyway.Its on a busy road, but despite this it retains a quiet internal atmosphere. I was given a room to the front on the third floor. Clean, well presented but lacks facilities such as trouser press, tea/coffee making materials and also a lack of information regarding internet access (in my opinion, it should be in your face, i.e. a little card or similar near the phone ports etc) and hotel facilities. The pack was presented in a clear plastic container on the desk which I was not too impressed with. I'm used to leather bound etc. I think that makes life easier. I've stayed in four stars all over europe and parts of the world and its fairly standard.All that said, I would recommend the Universal to any would be visitor. Also, its about 500 metres to Las Ramblas from the hotel. Exit left and take the next turn left. Overt your eyes from the establishment on the corner.... its very out of place, also, if you are interested, Grease is playing across the road!!!?  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Splodge2
<Content>Perfect Location with modern decor + Free Fast in-room Internet!       Bedroom View  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>aoifembg
<Content>Hotel fine, city not so good!! im a junior travel agent so i did alot of research into my trip to Barcelona and the hotel i would stay in. the hotel Barcelona Universal was good, clean and nice. but only good, i did have a few issues with it, i asked for a room away from the front of the hotel to be away from the noise of the road but we ended up with an internal room, which when stayin for five nights in a four star i didnt find acceptable, i hate internal rooms and frankly having to wake up to look into other peoples rooms wasnt worth the money (which we did pay alot!!) when doing my research, the hotel i really wanted to stay in was the tryp apolo but reviews said it was in a very dangerous area so i chose not to. but to my surprise when i got to barcelona it was located right across the road from the barcelona universal! i do have to admit the area around the hotel did look quiet dodgy but we're were fine at all times. my only advice to give you about the hotel is to order the steak VERY WELL DONE (i ordered mine medium and it was still raw on the inside) and to request by email to the hotel 2 wks before going a room WITH A VIEW!! the shopping is AMAZING in Barcelona but its just as expensive as Irish shops. If i was going away for 5-7nights again i would definitly prefer a resort but Barcelona would still be nice for a short 2-3 night break!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>simpsonic80
<Content>would not stay again Great position next to metro station and hotel is very clean. However requested a quiet room, we were above the noisy resturant, could hear the lift going up and down all hours, and the rooms dont seem to be sound proofed; could hear every word they said in the room above. One evening at 7.30pm we were disturbed by drilling and banging!. There was a window but no light or view as it looked into an internal area.The swimming pool was taken at a very good angle, you honestly wouldnt get more than 6 people in there and could not do lengths. The gym was also disappointing consisting of only 3 machines.Overall very disappointing for a 4* hotel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>lucy-tyrone
<Content>excellent place this was an excellent hotel, its located directly outside a sub station so you are able to get the sub to where ever you are heading. the rooms are really clean with a mini bar which is always handy. however there is no tea / coffee making facilities in the room which is probably its main drawback. Be aware of the cafateria which is located about 2min walk from the hotel on the same side, its a bit different being set down a chocolate bun for breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hariathan
<Content>Excellent location-really 4* hotel       room2  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>O'Polo
<Content>Nice clean hotel Booked this hotel for a getaway city-trip with my wife.Modern new hotels. Staff was Ok, but nothing more than that.Impeccable clean room. Everything quite new. No problems whatsoever. Breakfast OK too.Very well situated near metro, and within walking distance (10') from Ramblas. This hotel offers all the modern comfort any reasonable traveller cal expect. Good value for money.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Drin
<Content>Great Hotel, Excellent Location Myself  my friend stayed in the Barcelona Universal Hotel in Jan 07. The hotel is located just off La Ramblas and in the other direction is the Port area, both are approx. 5 - 10 minutes walk. Our hotel room was a good size, the photos on the internet are very accurate. The bathroom was marble and had an excellent array of complimentary toiletries. Our room was cleaned daily, with fresh towels supplied daily. Our packaged included breakfast, which was one of the best we had both come accross. It included, tea/coffee, array of juices, selection of cold and hot meats, pastries, selection of fruit and cereals, cheeses, breads, etc. and even cakes!!! Hotel staff were friendly and had excellent english. The hotel is in a great location. Barcelona is not a city you can walk completely and I would recommend a tour bus whcih costs just 鈧?4 for two days, which is a jump on jump off operation. Barcelona Universal Hotel is within walking distance of nice restaurants and shops and the beach. Barcelona is a good choice for a weekend break or a summer sun holiday for those who want more than just the beach/swimming pool. I would highly recommend the Barcelona Universal Hotel. Be careful of scam artists and pick pockets though. We were fortunate not to have any problems but many of the spanish locals warned us when in shops/restaurants so obviously this is a problem. The Rival area of Barcelona is a little bit seedy but appears to be under rejuvenation. The Barcelona Universal Hotel does boarder this area (Le Rival) but I would not let this turn you off.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jake1964
<Content>Clean, good location, good selection at breakfast. Great location, very central. Walked to port area easily, las ramblas etc only 10 mins walk.Hotel clean, efficient, great selection at breakfast.ask for a quiet room, outlook poor but is quiet !! and worth it if you like your sleep.Only reservation is they do not provide tea and coffee making facilities in room. This was a fairly disappointing factor for two tea loving folk particularly last thing at night.Barcelona itself was lovely and we did not experience any unpleasant incidents, people were friendly, food good, weather particularly kind, efficient transport systems, and of course the sights were best part.hope to return and probably would not hesitate to book at this hotel but hope they review the tea making situation.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lz0
<Content>Great hotel.       Backyard  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Marklar1980
<Content>Great value, great hotel and great location       Our room  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Babyjan
<Content>Handy, Although I'm not mad about Spanish Food Was happy enough with hotel, although was really not in the hotel for much of my time in Barcelona. Really immaculate in terms of cleanliness. Would have to say that bed was OK but back was sore in the morning time after nights sleep. So, really I am only giving it a 3 out of 5 due to bed and lack of time spent there. If you want a good location, no problems with this hotel. Warm and clean, which are very good and important.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>mickey.co
<Content>excellent hotel Stayed at the Universal for four nights in Nov in adjoining rooms with my wife, daughter, son in law and 7 month old grand-daughter. The Hotel is in a good location just a stroll from the sea front and a similar distance from the Ramblas.Rooms are a good size, more like a US hotel .with my daughter's room very spacious and including a comfortable sofa which I guess converts to an additional bed for 3 or 4 person occupancy.Comfortable beds, excellent array of free toiletries, TV with SKY news and plenty cupboard space - regretably no tea or coffee making facilities!Weather was great fot the time of year -Tee shirt during the day and Polo shirt at night - could not understand why the locals had sweaters or jackets!!Highly reccommend both this Hotel and Barcelona for a short break.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Algarvean
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, well located, just a short walk to Las Ramblas and the metro stops right outside.Typical modern clean hotel.Breakfast was not included in the rate that we booked and expensive at around 13 euros. Much better options available at the local cafes directly outside the hotel. Secure parking available.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>simong1
<Content>Good value hotel in good location Just spent a long weekend staying at the Barcelona Universal. Rooms are clean and modern, with laminated wood floors. Decent bathroom. Our room was at the back of the hotel, and so was nice and quiet. I think the rooms are the front are a little noisier, but our friends did not find this a problem. Good location, 10 minutes walk from Las Ramblas and near a metro station. Did not eat at the hotel, so cannot comment on food. Cafe nearby for breakfast. Staff were friendly and courteous. Barcelona is a great destination for a weekend break. Was nervous about the street crime beforehand but the weekend passed without incident. I think you just need to be sensible, particularly around the crowded central areas.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Fiona&Martin
<Content>Brilliant place to stay We stayed here from 09th oct for 3 nights and we loved this hotel. It was clean bright and modern. We had a very quick hassle free check - in. We requested a second floor room which we got and we received a large room on the back of the hotel with a patio area and a nice size bathroom. It wasnt over looking any fantastic views (the backs of peoples houses) but it did provide an extra area for you to relax after a long day of sightseeing to have a few drinks. I think the second floor is the only floor that has these patios. The room was also very quiet and we slept sound we had no noise issues whatsoever. It is situated in a busy area and there is a certain street off it that are a bit dodgy at night but it never bothered us and once you have your wits about you your fine.When we needed directions to shopping areas and restaurants the check in staff were very efficient and friendly. The hotel was situated in a perfect location with just a 15 minute walk from las ramblas. The only method of transport has to be the metro we got a 10 trip pass which cost just 6euro each and this did us for most of out trips. But we also took the bus tour and this brought you to all the main tourist attractions. (18 euro for one day and 22 euro for 2 days)We found Barcelona to be a charming city with so much to see and do. In order to see most attractions you would need at least a4 /5 days trip. The shops are fantastic with all your local high street shops!!!Main areas of attraction for us were La Sagrada Familia, New Camp Stadium and Olympic Village (the views up there are amazing). Make sure you have a few words of spanish for ordering food it will make it so much easier!!Will definately come back again for shopping, atmosphere and to visit the places we didnt get to. We would definately stay in the Universal again and would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dutch123
<Content>A fantastic weekend My husband and I stayed at the Universal for 2 nights as an anniversary celebration. We informed the hotel of this and were given the most fabulous suite, 2 bathrooms, jacuzzi, champange, which we thought was lovely.The hotel is spotless (and I am very fussy). In fact Barcelona as a city is spotlessly clean. The hotel is very modern and the staff were very helpful with suggestions as to where to eat.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would love to return both to it and to Barcelona again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susannk
<Content>missing possessions I stayed at the Barcelona Universal Hotel for a girls weekend and chose this hotel based on reviews I had read on Tripadvisor. I agree it is in a central location and we had easy access and transport to all of the sites. The hotel is clean with well furnished rooms with a good selection of toiletries in the large bathroom. Unfortunately ,a handbag I bought whilst there went missing from my room. I reported it to the reception but they emailed me on returning home and just stated that the maid did not remember seeing it. I received no apology and would suggest that you use the safes in the rooms and put out of site any purchases you make.In the hotels favour ,however, my daughter in the next room had a pair of pyjamas go missing. These were found in the laundry and returned by post a week later.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jerseymick
<Content>Excellent Location We stayed here for 3 nights for our anniversary I have been booking hotels directly of the internat for the past 10 years and contacting the hotel directly and with a bit of research you can pick the right hotel and save a little money. But one thing to watch for when you do this is they nearly always give you a room next to the lift shaft or right at the end of the corridor next to a staircase and the Universal are no exception. After asking for a room switch that evening we was eventually moved to a quiter room away from the noisy lift shaft the next day. The Hotel in general is in a good location with a tube station directly outside and the room service and bar service was fine. Rooms are modern and spacious with a good sizes shower.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>HRM30
<Content>Fine for business - not for pleasure Stayed here for a long weekend in July. The hotel is a generic business hotel but is let down by disinterested and dismissive staff ,(our electronic room key failed to work every time we returned to the hotel and the hotel staff appeared extremely disgruntled at being put out by having to deal with this), and a misleading photograph of the swimming pool (actually the size of a large jacuzzi).  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>DJ
<Content>Excellent choice We (4 adults) stayed here for a week in September and found the hotel and area to be quite nice. The hotel is new, well designed, staffed by friendly and competent employees, and had no hidden agenda whatsoever. The rooms are modern and comfortable, the pool is small, but the view is great. The restaurant is okay, never charged us for coffee in the morning and the bar brought us ice every evening for our private happy hours.The one negative thing about the hotel isn't the hotel itself, but is related to the rude groups who use Barcelona as party central. These thugs think that returning to the hotel at 2 or 4 in the morning and slamming doors and shouting in the halls is fun, well, not for those of use who have meetings in the mornings. Grow up or stay at a youth hostel!About the area. I've read many reviews that call the neighborhood around the hotel dodgy or unsafe or run down. My opinion is that the neighborhood is pretty middle class. I saw a lot of families at all hours, lots of young kids, lots of immigrants, a few prostitutes, and a large number of Moroccan and Pakistani men trying to earn a living. We didn't walk around too much after midnight, so I can't say if it's safe late at night, but no part of the city is 100% safe late at night. Again, my opinon of the neighborhood is that it is similar to the East Village in NY, Roma Termini, etc. nothing completely unsafe, but not Soho and not Piazza di Spagna. Don't be afraid of the people, they are just trying to get by.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jenjess
<Content>Great hotel,but Hotel Barcelona UniversalStayed in the Hotel Barcelona on 22 September for three nights with three friends. A ladies weekend to Barcelona. On arrival at hotel we had a quick check in and were very please with our rooms which were spotless with loads of little extras in the bathroom. No tea and coffee making facilities in the room which I read in another review so I took a travel kettle. Only let down of this hotel was the Breakfast which we had paid extra for and it was absolutely terrible kept running out of food eg bacon then when you had your bacon there鈥檇 be no eggs there. Did tell the staff who but they would go off and do another three jobs before going back to the kitchen. Caf茅 next door to hotel right as you go out of the door served a lovely looking English Breakfast which we saw on our last day after we鈥檇 had another awful breakfast time at hotel. Myself and a friend stayed in a smoking room Room 401 this room had a window but no views only looking out to other windows in a square. Our friends in a Non smoking room Room 217 had a larger room and a large sun terrace but were overlooked by local residents but ok for a late night drink. There were excellent views from the roof top pool area. If you fancied a swim hotel towels were provide by each sun lounger. Beware when you check out that your bill will have VAT added on to it. When in your room you can check your bill on the TV but it does not tell you about the VAT so had a bit of a shock when they give us the bill.Must give a mention of the Queen Vic pub on the way down to the Las Ramblas very friendly atmosphere. Beware on the Ramblas 39 euros for 4 sangrias. Had an excellent Spanish tapas at Mickeys on the Ramblas my first try at tapas not cheap 110 euros for four of us including drinks but excellent.Overall the only complaint we had of the hotel was the breakfast or should I say the lack of it.Would stay at the Barcelona Universal again but would not pay extra for the breakfast would go to the caf茅 next door.Belinda, Tina, Maria  Rachel  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scot32
<Content>Great time in Barcelona My mum and I stayed at the Barcelona Universal Hotel earlier this month for 5 nights. The hotel was very nice, our room was modern and clean with a large bathroom. The extras provided in the bathroom, toothbrush, shoe shine, etc were useful. The in-room electronic safe deposit box was a great addition and meant our valuables were safe every day. We had breakfast included so we enjoyed a nice continental breakfast each day, although the 鈧?3.50 it would have cost otherwise was a bit expensive. The staff at reception were helpful and gave us directions to the Ramblas and advice on walking in the area. They also cashed our Euro travellers cheques which was great as nowhere in Barcelona would take them, we had expected a big city like that to have taken them as cash as is done in the USA.I had some concerns about the area after reading other reviews but he had no problems at all. The street that we used to get to the Ramblas wasn't that nice but we walked down it at approx 10.30pm one night and no-one bothered us.We would recommend the La Quinze Nits restaurant in Placa Reial for a cheap, high quality meal, but be prepared to queue for at least 30 minutes to get in at night. Two 3 course meals with wine and juice was around 拢25 and the food was delicious. Another nice place to eat was Cafe Moka on the Ramblas, very nice tapas! Do not bother using La Poma restaurant which is attached to the Hotel Royal on the the Ramblas. The food is overpriced and we had bread and olives dumped on our table with no chance to refuse them. Even though they were clearly untouched we had 鈧? added to our bill for them, we spoke to the manager and after some disagreement with us he eventually removed it from the bill, we did not leave a tip!We used the Metro a lot towards the end of our trip, a day ticket was 鈧? and when you're getting tired walking around it's very convenient to just jump on a train. Most of the main attractions have a Metro stop beside them but the open top tour bus was also a great way to see the city from above ground. We really enjoyed the fountain show just off Placa Espanya, it was very busy and a great atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bill05
<Content>Recommended Nice hotel, prompt and polite service, very well suited for business travellers. Free internet access both Wired and WIFI,which is usually offered at a surcharge in european hotels at the moment. The rooms are nicely furnished, the view is less than spectacular though, when you have a room at the back of the hotel. The breakfast buffet is truly very nice, everything you expect + quiches, pies, assorted meat, baked mushrooms. The rooftop pool is tiny, maybe 5 meters across, whoever took the website picture, is a master of perspective ;-). It's located about 1 km walking distance from the Barcelona WTC, and slightly less than that from the Ramblas.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sairbear77
<Content>Universal was FAB! We had a 6 night stay in Barcelona for our 1st wedding anniversary and it was fantastic. Barcelona itself is a great city with so much to see and do, but tiring ourselves out all day we were glad to have such a comfortable place to come back to.The people were absolutely lovely and couldnt have done more for us. I advised them of our anniversary when we booked and we received complimentary champagne on arrival which was heavenly once we got to sit and relax. We had some hassles with one of our credit cards and they were a great help to us. Always smiling and wanting to help.The rooms where lovely and clean and spacious enough to sleep or just sit and relax in. The bathroom has everything you need and it was great to be in a place where they think of giving you things like make up remover, shavers and shaving cream and toohbrush and toothpaste. The mini bar is fully stocked but there werent any tea and coffee making facilities and by about day 3 i was hanging for a cup of tea!Down the road are a few adult places so perhaps not a place for a family, although there were a few when we were there and they werent bothered about them.Dont opt for the breakfast as you can get just as good for much cheaper. However ,if you decied to pop in one morning at least you have the option instead of beng locked into it. Its a buffet so you can fill yourself up with as much as you like and there is a great range of things to choose from, but i still dont think 13 Euros worth.....maybe a man could pack a bit more away!The roof top pool is small and tends to feel quite crowded around it however you can cool off and go up another flight of stairs to the solarium if you want to get away from the folk around the pool. Most people forget its there. The beach in Barcelona is disappointing so we were quite happy to have somewhere to go to cool off after exploring during the day. But as it is a small pool this isnt the type of hotel you would choose if you wanted to lay around the pool all day.If you get the metro (the paral-ell stop is right out the front door of the hotel...very handy) up to where the cable car is, on the walk down to it you will pass the public pool and this was the location for the diving and some swimming during the olympics. There is a small entry charge but it will give you so much space to swim about and no crowds, because everyone else is packed onto that awful beach. You also get amazing views of the city from there so take a camera!We had a wonderful steak dinner in the restaurant and if it fits in your budget you should give it a go, but again there are plenty of great places within short walking distances from the hotel. If you do go to Las Ramblas head off the main street for food and drinks as the price will drop dramatically. A 40 Euro bill for 2 sandwiches and 2 beers or a 50 Euro bill for 4 people tapas dinner and drinks, and there are some lovely places just off the beaten track. Also if you fancy a good old burger head straight to the Hard Rock Cafe, not too badly priced and servings so big you will only need a main!!This hotel is in a brilliant location, about a 15-20 min taxi from the airport (15-20 euros), has a metro stop right at its door and you have a lovely stroll down to las rambas. I would definetly return.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bongolina
<Content>Great Location, Fab Views and Friendly Service! As a lastminute holiday we decided to go to Barcelona/Sitges for a six day holiday. We stayed at the Universal for the whole time. The rooms are quite large and incredibly clean. We particularly liked the fact that the bathroom had shavers, toothbrushes, shower cap, make-up remover, shoe polish etc provided. The pool on the rooftop is small but relaxing and the views breathtaking. The gym has the basic cardio equipment, but had no air conditioning nor was it equipped with a fan. Hence, it proved to be a very hot work out. The breakfast was okay. The service overall was fine, but we did find the service somewhat inconsistent or shall I say forgetful. The wake up call we requested was not followed through, the room service we tried to cancel, was not cancelled and arrived to our room. They informed us that they would return our call to confrim cancellation and never did. Other reccommendations: La Confitteria- A nearby bar which is great for a drink. Traditional looking and the bar staff speak English and always willing to give advice on where to go etc. Noti Restaurant. The food and service absolutely divine. Over 100 Euros for two persons. The best meal we had in Barcelona. A definite hot spot ----go on a Thursday/Friday. Buddha Bar- Fab on a Tuesday. Great music. Ensure to trendify though! We noticed a few people being rejected at the door. CDLC night club by Port Olimpic. A great place for a boogie in very stylish surroundings.Visit Sitges Beach, which is thirty minutes away by train. The restaurants are wonderful and the beach clean and just beautiful. Tone up on that belly before going though, I have never seen so many buff bodies eeeek!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	5	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Gotham1
<Content>Great hotel We just returned from a family vacation in Spain. This is a pretty nice hotel and we enjoyed our stay here. The rooms are contemporary  modern  well appointed. The beds are a bit firm for me  the pillows a bit flat, but we found that true in other Spain hotels. The baths are well stocked, except for kleenex; towells are big and soft. The pool is small  cold  only open until 8. There isn't alot of deck area or chairs around the pool, but towells are provided and it makes for some nice relaxing after a long day of walking, if you can find a seat. The location is great. It is on a main street and easy acces to taxis and a metro stop in front of hotel. The staff seem to speak some english and are helpful for the most part. We did have trouble getting change one day and were told they couldn't give us change for a 10 euro. Skip the breakfast. It is 13 euro and not very extensive from an American point of veiw for a buffet. You can walk down the street and find a few places on the same block that serve breakfast for around 9 euro. If you are staying with kids, be forewarned that there is a sex shop down the street and a burlesque shop around the corner on the street to Las Rambles. Also, a street off of the street to Las Rambles is a hooker street. We were traveling with teenage boys, so it wasn't a problem for us. If you have to do laundry, there is a laundry on the block behind the hotel and one down the street to Las Rambles. Get there early, all the kids staying in hostals show up mid morning to do there laundry while they eat their breakfast of beer and sandwiches. There was also a problem with our reservation. I had reserved through Secrotel site online and the rate was different than the one the hotel had. They attributed it to the exchange rate, but I'm not sure. Try to make your reservation directly with the hotel. Our stay there was pleasant  Barcelona is a great place to see. Two good places to eat are La Galina down by the peir, pricey, but good; and The Attic on Las Rambles, gourmet food at a reasonable price. Don't miss the cathedral, La Sagrada Familia, parq Guell, MNAC, Montjuic (castle and Olympic area), Picasso museum, Tibidabo mountain, and the beach. The beach is crowded, topless, and water is cold with a lot of debris, but why go all the way there and not go to the beach.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>thisdogibites
<Content>Beautiful Hotel... Great Trip We stayed at the Barcelona Universal in June 2006 to celebrate my husband's birthday. Our room was lovely, clean and really well presented. The buffet breakfast was great with a good choice and clean restaurant. The room service was good value too. The roof top pool is lovely and gives great views of the city.The hotel is easily accessible with a metro station right outside the front door (Paral Lel). The metro gives you access to all the usual tourist haunts in the city. It is only a five - ten minute walk to Las Rambla.Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel to see Barcelona Short 20 Euro cab ride from the airport; Barcelona Universal is situated right in front of underground metro station. Roof top pool is nice plus, and would recommend the breakfast buffet which is convient and priced right. Very clean, helpful staff, great facility and service. Subway up parallel to the fountains and art museum (must see), or down to the harbor (15 minute walk). Actual beach is about 30 minute walk, but main tourist gathering is Las Ramblas. Big street with vendors, restaurants (would not eat on this street) and street performers. Hit the market on Las Ramblas, see a bull fight at Toro Monumental (easy metro ride). And would recommend Fat Tire Bicycle Tour (they have a web-site); which provide 4 hour riding tour of the city with the major sites, great history, and nice lunch stop on the beach. Would visit Barcelona again, and if I did would stay at Barcelona Universal.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wellyboot
<Content>First class hotel in a great location       The hotel lobby area  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UKGIRL25
<Content>Excellent location We have just returned from 4 days staying at the Universal Barcelona for my 30th Birthday...and i have to say we had a wonderfull time!Few little hints and tips to hopefully help your trip alongHOTELThe Hotel was very clean and comfortable. It is very much a business hotel and does'nt have very much character about it, but your not there for the hotel.Check in was very smooth...we were allocated a room on the fith floor ..but when we got there it had two single beds pushed together! I wasnt completly happy about this and we asked to move. Within 5 mins they had us and our luggage moved to a room out the back on the fourth floor, which was absolutly perfect. Good sized room and very clean. On our 3rd day we woke up and the bathroom lights were not working, so we called down and someone came to look within 2 mins. They could not fix the problem and told us we would have to move...which was a bit of a pain!!!!!! Anyhow, new room (suite) on the seventh floor at the front of the building, bit bigger with a sofa and extra sink in bathroom. We were kept awake all night long with the noise of the traffic and sirens which seemed like every 5 mins.Personally if we went back again i would definatley request a room out the back as it was much much quieter.FOODWe paid for Bed and Breakfast, so ate there every morning. Food wasnt that great to be honest and if i had the choice i would rather eat elsewhere at half the price.LOCATIONFANTASTIC!!!!!! The Metro Stop Parel-el is right outside the hotel, use this to get around the city, its cheap and clean. Just like the london underground its all colour coded so really easy to find your way around. Different ticket types so just get what you need for how many days you are there for. We actually walked loads and loads and Barcelona is very compact you can get around very easily on foot.We took taxis in the evenings to the restaurants which were very fairly priced too.We also Paid for 2 days on the open top tourist bus (22 Euros each) . Not really worth the price, it was absolutly packed at whatever stop you got on at, most people just sat on it the whole time and spent the rest of the time complaining they couldnt sit upstairs........ Walk around its much better fun :-)FOOD OUT AND ABOUTWell i have to say this was the biggest dissapointment for us.....Anywhere on the main tourist roads were masssivly overpriced and not much cop. Our first day we stopped in one of the many Tapas Bars on La Rambla , had 2 beers each and some tapas and it was 62 EUROS......We were completly in shock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Your looking at about 5 euros for a beer......however wonder off a couple of blocks from the main streets and you will pay about 2 euros and the food was much better.Most of the restaurants at Port Olympic seemed to be about 30 euros a head for 3 courses....If you are a football fan FC Barcelona Nou Camp is worth a visit......My boyfriend was in his element and loved every minute of it :-) Try and get there early in the morning 9-30 - 10 ish as when we came out at 12 ish it was packed out!!!!!!!Overall, I had never been to Barcelona before and i had a wonderfull time...all the hustle and bustle of city life with the beach 10 mins walk from Christoper Columbus Column.....Have a fab time...we did :-)x  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>24 hours missing In the past I stayed with my husband in this hotel. I was very pleased many aspects of the it, such as the rooms, the staff, the decoration and so on. The big trouble was when I was taking the plain back home and remembered that I had forgotten a sweat-shirt in the hotel bathroom... As soon as I got home I called the hotel...well, the first call of many more that would come...I gave the exact information about the location of the sweat-shirt and even pointed out that was a rather expensive piece of clothing (more expensive that all my stay at the hotel) and also with emotional value. Despite all the calls, the staff was unable (and not willing) to solve the problem, I didn't have the opportunity to speak with the manager, and they revelled an arrogant and not concerned attitude towards my issue. In sum, in less that 24 hours a client's personal article was lost and no one ever took any responsibilities for it. This is an intolerable situation in any hotel. So, I don't recommend this hotel to anyone, mainly because it doesn't inspire me any trust. In my case, it was a piece of clothing, in any other case, it could be anything much more valuable. Any person can forget anything in a hotel room, so think about going to this hotel twice. Because I am totally certain that shirt was in the room. Three months later, I'm still waiting for a phone call that never came and never will come. Mafalda Silva, Portugal.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Topians
<Content>Great Hotel and destination for the money My girlfriend and I stayed at the Universal for 4 nights in mid March. We found the hotel to be great value for money and would definitely recommend it. Rooms were very clean and modern, there was some noise from the road outside but it's a very small price to pay for such a great central location.The Location of the hotel was excellent; being only a very short walk from the metro station was great.I booked this hotel based entirely on reviews from Trip Advisor and I definitely wasn鈥檛 disappointed.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel for the money We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights before heading off on cruise. I felt the hotel was clean, functional, and I had no issues with the bedroom facilities itself. However there was no atmosphere outside the bedrooms. Nobody ever used the hotel bar..perhaps because it's right inside the main reception, and lacks privacy and is small...but when we did venture over one evening, we had to go to reception to request bar service....and everytime we wanted a drink...reception would call upstairs for waiter to come down. Breakfast was european...so dont expect hot cooked breakfast. Also, as were tired one evening and decided to eat in the hotel's restaurant. I ordered chicken as a main course, but I received duck...waiter wrote down wrong order...and worse still was I had to pay for the duck....even after I decided I would accept it rather than have a further 15 minutes delay....I didn't want to make a fuss....serves me right. Lastly, location was good....only 5-7 minutes walk to middle of ramblas, but was on noisey street, and route to ramblas was choice at times....just be careful...but that goes for all of barcelona.......there's always hustle and bustle. On a more positive note.......the metro was really good got getting around, and there are 2 metro stops near the hotel. we paid 鈧?42 for 4 nights BB total...including 7% tax. I don't feel we got a bargin.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brill hotel Stayed in this hotel 12th to 14th May for a long weekend with my husband. Can not rate it highly enough. Spotless and staff great. Excellent location.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DN67
<Content>Very good, excellent views. Stayed at this hotel as a surprise trip for my partners birthday. Hotel staff were aware of this and provided champagne on our arrival, a lovely start.The rooms are much larger than normal for a 4 star and furnished in a modern minimalist style.Even the standard rooms have a dressing area with massive storage and a big bathroom.There have beeen some concerns in other reviews re the location. I did not feel that it was a problem in the least.It is far enough away from La Rambla to not hear noise(mostly, i am sad to report, English stag and hen nights) , but only a ten minute walk there. About the same distance from the Port area and about two mins from the funilclar to Montjuic.Breakfast at the hotel was good.Did not have dinner, but other guests told me it was fine.The restaraunts in the immediate area were not that great, but the lovely staff were more than happy to suggest good places in town.Front desk booked us a table at La Taxedermista ans it was superb.Higly recommended.There is a swimmimg pool and gym on the roof top terrace with lots of space for sun bathing.Views from here are great, right across the whole city.I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Give it a go.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LauraSC
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I stayed at the hotel from 4-6 May and it was out of this world. We were given an upgrade as it was my boyfriends birithday and the room was beautiful. The service was wonderful and the staff were lovely. I will certainly return to the Universal without any hesitation and can't recommended it enough.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VegasCanuck
<Content>OK...but not a great neighborhood.               More photos  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sasi60
<Content>Great Hotel Just came back from a 7day trip to Barcelona. Having read some of the reviews I was a bit concerned regarding safety and noise. However I am delighted to say that neither where a problem! Our room was on the 7th floor and we didn't hear a sound. The bathroom was especially nice, modern and clean and had a bidet. The rooms are decorated in a very modern minimalist fashion that we found very attractive. The double bed is more like a super size king-sized bed. The receptions goes to the pain and even copies international newspapers in their lounge!!I followed the advice of a previous critic and it is definitely worth telling the hotel if you are celebrating a special occasion, we also had complimentary champagne and strawberries delivered to our room. The room was big enough and modern, lovely decor. The staff are indeed very helpful in answering any enquires you may have.The metro station was right outside the hotel and I personally found it very safe and easy way to see all the sights.We never ate a meal in the hotel, preferring to sample the many cafes and restaurants near to the hotel and elsewhere in the old town. We had the most gorgeous meal in a restaurant called Ra it is just of La Rambla right by the fruit market. I cannot recommend it highly enough. Ask for Judith she is nice and quick and always has a smile for you. The staff at Ra fab. Lunch is at 2 dinner is 9 get there early as its popular, wine and 2 courses 25 euro for two, FANTASTIC FOOD!!! however if Ra is full do not make the mistake of going to the restaurant next door Lupino the staff are RUDE. There are some more good restaurants which we used several times and recommend: one up the Paral.lel towards and near the Place d鈥橢spanya called Rias de Vigo and the other in the Gothic Town called Trobadour. Both good and price worthy.  I would say that Barcelona is as safe as any major city . If you go into the area behind the hotel called La Raval you may find it very lively and full of North Africans. But it is ok and extremely interesting. There are many interesting shops and restaurants. Would definitely return to both the city and the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden Secret in Barcelona! This modern hotel was a true surprise! The rooms were very large, extremely clean and the service and friendliness of staff was excellent. Laundry services were inexpensive, they provide free internet services and have a great rooftop view of Barcelona. Location is the only downfall, it is in a bit of a dodgy part of town. With that said, the staff provided us with a map on our first day outlining which streets we should walk on for safety. It was about a 2km walk to the La Ramble district from the hotel. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. This hotel is definitely excellent value for $$$.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just came back from a 4 day trip to Barcelona. After reading some of the reviews I was a bit concerned regarding safety and noise. However I am delighted to say that neither where a problem. Our room was on the sixth floor and we din't hear a sound. The double bed is more like a super size kingsized bed. We never ate a meal in the hotel, preferring to sample the many cafes and restaurants next to the hotel. The staff are very helpful in suggesting good eating places and answering any enquires you may have.The metro station was right outside the hotel and I personally found it very safe and easy way to see all the sights. I would say that Barcelona is as safe as any majour city and I certainly felt safer walking around at night then I would have in London.Would definately return to both the city and the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>merchant
<Content>excellent hotel Returned yesterday from a few days at this hotel. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are kept spotless. The food and drink on offer are both good value and of a good standard. The hotel is fairly central with a metro station outside the front door.A good choice hotel for anyone who likes quality at an affordable price.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Faygelah
<Content>Good Value We stayed at the Barcelona Universal for three nights preceding a cruise. We found the hotel on Hotwire and paid just over US$100 per night. The Barcelona Universal is located on a busy street, right next to a metro station. We found the room to be very clean and comfortable, though much smaller than we were accustomed to. The bathroom was especially nice,modern and clean and had a bidet. The rooms are decorated in a very modern minimalist fashion that we found very attractive. Although our room overlooked the street, we were not bothered by street noise. The neighborhood itself is nothing to write home about, but taxis and the metro are very accessible. They serve a very nice buffet breakfast, but It is quite pricey (13,00 euros pp) if it is not included in your room rate.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lady55
<Content>Excellent Universal I have only good things to say about Universal Hotel, Barcelona, we arrived quite late and were expecting the left over room, however the reception was welcoming and we discovered we had been upgraded to a superior room. It is definatley worth telling the hotel if you are celebrating a special occassion, we also had complimentry champagne delivered to our room.The room was gorgeous, very big and modern, lovely decor.Breakfast in the place 2 doors away is fine. We had the most gorgeous meal in a restaurant called Ra it is just of Rambla right by the fruit market.I cannot recommend it highly enough lunch is at 2 dinner is 9 get there early as its popular, wine and 2 courses 45 euro for two, FANTASTIC FOOD!!! however if Ra is full do not make the mistake of going to the restaurant next door Lupino the staff are RUDE. The staff at Ra fab. A must is the old fairground Tribidabo very romantic and the views are the best you can ever see of Barcelona, try the Funicar to get up there its a breathtaking ride.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsbcr
<Content>Hotel Barcelona Universal - Great place to stay! Just returned from a trip to Barcelona (September 2005) and we had a wonderful time! We had booked our hotel based on reviews posted on this site, and I want to say how thankful I was that people post their opinions and recommendations here - we were very pleased!. The Hotel Barcelona Universal was a great hotel - very clean, spacious room and closet, very functional A/C in the room, quiet, helpful and attentive staff. Definitely four star in my book. Great location too - subway stop is just outside the main entrance - the doorman will get you a taxi at any time, a few blocks walk to the south is the port area, to the north is downtown - we found everything we wanted to see and do was either an easy walk or a subway trip away, without all the noise and dirtiness of Las Ramblas. I highly recommend it to travellers looking for a great place to stay without paying a fortune.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Universal Stayed here for 4 nights in one of the suites with jacuzzi (was our honeymoon). Suite was massive and the private terrace we had was huge 30+ feet, with good views of Montejuic. We stayed in Suite 902 for which the terrace is right behind the hotel lettering! Room was always spotless and was even cleaned when we went out for the evening. Found that the Room Service was a touch slow, but staff very polite. Note that for English patrons, breakfast is very continental and English papers are not available.Location was excellent though and the receptionist gave us some good pointers on places to visit etc. Paral.lel Metro station right outside door which can take you direct to Sagrada Familia in under half an hour. La Rambla is a ten minute walk, as is the Marina.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great...Highly Recommended!!! We stayed here after our cruise ended in Barcelona. I booked the hotel through hotwire and am so glad that I did! The staff is so friendly, helpful, and nice. The hotel is also very clean with nice wood floors. The bathrooms were very large and even offered a nifty clothes drying device. The tub was kind of a hazard since I almost slipped in it, the towel rack was way too high (you had to stand on the tub to get your towel), and take a high step to get into the tub.The metro is literally right outside of the hotel. It is a good 10-15 minute walk to Las Ramblas through a sketchy street.I booked two rooms; one for me and my husband and another for my parents and we all loved it!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Suntanbob
<Content>A wonderful hotel convenient to the heart of the city! This a jewel of a hotel in the heart of Barcelona. The hotel is modern with all ammenities including a roof top pool and gymnasium, a wonderful and reasonably priced restaurant, great front desk personnel and convenient to Las Ramblas. We stayed there for 3 nights from August 19-21, 2005. The room was a nice size, the bathroom was very modern and the decor up to date. Breakfast can be included for an additional charge. We felt that the cost was very reasonable given the ammenities and convenience. We highly recommend the hotel to visitors to Barcelona, a great city to visit.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Hands Down!       Room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel hotel is very convenient to metro (subway) which is right outside the front door. the walk over to the Ramblas is sketchy, especially at night, one night on my walk back to the hotel the cops pulled their car over, got out and asked me for my travel documents. i have no idea why i was singled out. perhaps because i didn't fit in with the lowlife looking folks that walk the street. it was very strange. i felt like i was in a communist country instead of Spain. when i told them i left my passport in the hotel safe they were fine with that and left but was still very wierd. hotel has comfortable beds, nice size room, good bathroom. what more could i want.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DarrellM77
<Content>Difficult to find fault The Barcelona Universal is not the largest hotel, or the best equipped or in the best location but it did offer friendly and efficient service, a very modern and up to date decor, large and comfortable rooms, all in a convenient location close to the centre and right next to a metro and bus stops.The Universal gave us everything we needed for a weeks sightseeing in Barcelona : Breakfast that ran till 11.00am just in case we'd had a late night, a sun terrace on the roof with a (small) pool and gymnasium, although we didnt try the restaurant in the evenings preferring to enjot Barcelonas excellent nightlife. Its great value for money and if you are looking for a safe bet, with good service and a convenient location look no further  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Salsakitten
<Content>Good accommodation in central location       View from room 819  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JakesterUK
<Content>Nice hotel with good staff The staff at this hotel were very pleasant to deal with, and both efficient and friendly. The rooms were a decent size, and a good supply of bathroom toiletries was supplied as standard. 20 tv channels with 3 or 4 in English (BBC World and Sky News to name 2). Free Internet Access was available, but only through network cable (which they supplied). There was also wireless internet available, but this appeared to be chargeable.A wide variety of choises for breakfast was available, and the restaurany had very friendly staff with good English to help those of us with poor Spanish keep up with our coffee intake!About 10 minutes walk to La Rambla, and 20 minutes to other majors sights and points of interest. Metro station very close by (Paral.lel), with easy access to sights such as Sagrada Familia.The one negative comment I have relates to bad or damp smells in the corridor on the 8th floor, but there could have been any reason for this. There were no bad smells in the rooms or anywhere else in the hotel, so I felt this was acceptable as a temporary problem (havent checked any other reviews so don't know if this has cropped up before).Very enjoyable all in all.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Powerpuffs
<Content>Noisy, expensive, small rooms.. We arrived at the hotel sunday at 15.00, and our room was not ready. Ok, fair enough, the hotel asked if we would like them to store our luggage, which we would. We got back two hours later, and had to wait 25 minutes to check in, because the reception was crowded with guests. After this we had to wait another 20 minutes to get our luggage up in our room, and we went down THREE times to ask where it was. We also said that we could bring it up ourselves if they were short of staff. No respond.. I think we got the worst room in the whole hotel. 2nd floor (1st floor is restaurant), tiny room, and our window faced a backyard, which in fact just was a hollow room inside the hotel. (with a roof.) Our room was extremely noisy, we could hear other guests all night, and the maids startet at 09.00.. We didn't eat at the hotel, and it was clean and elegant, and that's pretty much the positive things that can be said.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen - the hotel is lovely I have just returned from a wonderful 4 day trip to Barcelona and cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. We were unlucky enough to be one of the BA travellers whose flights were cancelled so had to make alternative flight arrangements. On check in the hotel were so sympathetic and helpful. From arrival to check out, we were treated beautifully. I'd arranged the trip as birthday surprise for my boyfriend, and 5 minutes after getting into our room a complimentary bottle of champagne arrived, the lovely Maria who works on reception had arranged this. The hotel is situated perfectly, it's a 15 minute walk to Las Ramblas, so close enough but not right in all the noise. Lots of comments have been written about the road you have to walk down to get to Las Ramblas, to be honest yes it's a shabby road, but you're in the middle of a city, what do you expect. And the main police station is on this road so i wouldn't worry too much. Just be careful like you would anywhere. Yes it's a modern hotel, quite business like and contemporary, so don't book it if you want character, but to be honest if you're spending that much time in your room or hotel, you're in the wrong city. The rooms are a good size, the double bed is huge, more king king size. The Bathroom is very nice, good little treats left for you. And it was cleaned every day. We did have breakfast on the last day as a treat and it was very nice. but personally I wouldn't pay the extra for breakfast as there are a couple of restaurants outside which do a great breakfast for 6-10Eu (you'll pay 14EU each in the hotel). The road outside is busy but we honestly didn't take any notice as we spent our time just enjoying the city. We certainly didn't notice the noise as being an issue. The pool is small but nice, and there are great views from the roof.The Metro (Paral-lel) is literally outside the hotel, and reception were so happy to advise on everything from which stations you needed to get to all the sights to good local restaurants. We were given a map of the city and Metro on check in, which was very useful. Buy a 2 or 3 pass for the Metro. the 2 day one cost 8EU and you can use it on Buses and TrainsI'd book this hotel for the treatment we received alone.Tips - Obviously visit Sangrada de Familia, beautiful, But DO NOT miss Park Guell, amazing examples of Gaudi, but beware the walk from Metro is LONG. Try The Quinzenity, on Placa Reial, off Las Ramblas, you queue but foods great  reasonably priced 拢32 for 3 course meal with one of the most expensive bottles of wine. It鈥檚 big tourist spot but nice place to people watch. However, take a walk in Barri Gotic to find some great tapas bars , they display tapas on the bar held together with cocktail sticks, you help yourself, you鈥檙e charged according to how many sticks used. All in all a fantastic trip, I can't wait to go back  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Royb67
<Content>No Problems Here... Visited Barcelona many times, have been the victim of pick-pockets once before and was a little worried after reading the reviews. However, this hotel was great, location is good with the metro on the doorstep. The area is one of the more colourful in the city but never felt threatened at any time. I'm not taking away previous comments, Barcelona does have a problem with pick pockets but knowing this in advance makes you a little more careful.We had a great room for our 7 day stay on the 7th floor, noise was a problem on occassion but no worse than any other city centre hotel on a main road. Staff are really friendly and helpful and recommended along with booking some great restaurants for us. The views from the pool area are fabulous, the pool is small but great for cooling off and the sun loungers are a welcome addition. All in all, this hotel was great value for money and would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - helpful staff We have just returned from an 8 day summer holiday in Barcelona and had a great stay at this hotel. Our room (top, back, requested by e-mail 10 days before travelling - thanks for the advice!) was excellent. The staff were always friendly and helpful. The area is great for getting around - it's not the most scenic location we never felt unsafe. Even the swimming pool (small but well done) and the gym (also small but 4 good machines) had their uses on occasion. The business centre was also very useful (and free!) If visiting Barcelona again I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thefinns
<Content>Good Hotel I have yesterday returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel, and felt I should post this review immediately.After reading earlier reviews I was a bit worried about the noise and surrounding area. However, neither turned out to be a problem.On arrival, the staff were very helpful and had allocated the room exactly as I had requested (double bed, high floor, front elevation). The room on the eighth flor was excellent, spotless, air conditioned and noiseless (with the windows shut!).The surrouinding area was abit seedy, but not appreciably worse than most other parts of the city. I did not encounter any problems.This is one of the better hotels I have stayed in and would recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel lots of hen and stag do's I went to Barcelona 3 years ago and never seen any hen or stag nights so when my friends and i went over last week i was very suprised. The hotel is a lovely hotel but would say if you are going with a family to maybe think somewhere else i did'nt hear anything (think it was something to do with the drink!!) but my friend went home early one night said it was like a nightclub, people in and out of rooms lots of laughing and talking etc etc. But overall i thought it was a great hotel, friendly staff, very clean, and very central. Although i would not stay there with my husband and daughter.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lstpelican
<Content>Loved this hotel I know there are some out there who have complained about this hotel's noise problem. I am here to tell you there was no noise proble here! We stayed in the front room the 1st night we were there and the back the second night there. No problem sleeping either room. The staff was great, they went out of there way to make our stay perfect. If I ever go again I will stay here!! Good job Universal Hotel !JT  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but expensive, characterless and with some other problems I spent 5 nights in the Barcelona Universal. I was initially very happy with the hotel, but did find myself becoming more disappointed each day, though overall I have to say it is acceptable. Its a business hotel. Not very homely.The room was large enough, with two single beds and room to literally stretch your legs on all sides (should you care to do such a thing). I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room, and I'm the kind of person who brings disinfectant wipes with me when I travel. The facilities; phones, net access, TV, minibar, AC, and safe were all modern. The bathroom too was comfortable. There is a free office facility on the 9th floor (2 PCs and printers) which might prove handy to you.The staff were fine, though I wouldn't describe them as especially friendly.The area was I guess pretty good. I wasn't there to sightsee but I think the stuff you might want to see is fairly accessible on foot, plus there's a metro station directly outside the door. It is very noisy though. The street its on is very busy and stays that way until quite late/early. Also, an ambulance/police car blares past every 10 minutes - seriously. Now this is not too much of a problem as the windows do insulate from sound very well, but you just can't leave them open, which means you've got to run the AC all day. Those of you with any kind of green conscience may feel a little bad about that. Also, speaking of noise, running water in the neighbouring bathrooms can be heard quite clearly, though other than that internal noise is not a problem.Now the room service was frankly very poor. I didn't actually visit the restaurant, but the food I had sent up on several occasions would barely have been acceptable in a bar (pub grub). This is a four star hotel and they charge as such, so this was really quite unacceptable (of course I didn't complain ... wimp). Breakfast was okay, but at E13.50, or there abouts, a go it would want to be ... I thought it was included! Its just as well that house keeping decided to stop giving me those things to hang on your door to say what you want!Overall, I could go back (on business that is, I would not go back on my own penny) but I think I'd rather try somewhere else if I had that kind of budget (E150 per night!).  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place We recently stayed at the hotel and on the whole it was great. The rooms were comfortable and modern. The pool area is located on the roof and gives a fantastic view of the city. The only problem was the lack of sun loungers. It is only a small area and a little cramped, Although the beach is located just 10 minutes walk from the hotel. There are many bars and restaurants nearby and the port is only a short walk away. It was very busy here and the night life was excellent. Every taste is catered for. A lovely market was also here.We did not see any street crime during our stay in the city but we were warned a couple of times about leaving our bags on the table. Barcelona is a beautiful place with plenty of culture. The best for me was visiting the architecture of Gaudi. The Sagrada Familia is breath taking but amazingly no where near finished after 120 years since it was started. My personel favorite was Gaudis Casa Mila built in 1906. It was a residential apartment block and one of the apartments is preserved. If you like Art Nouveau this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and clean, bad neighbourhood Hotel staff were wonderful and professional, but the hotel is located on a busy street and a not so nice neighbourhood. We had to walk pass 3 blocks of narrow streets and red light district to get back to the hotel from La Rambla. We stayed at the hotel for 2 night after our cruise to the Mediterranean. The hotel is only a short taxi ride from the cruiseship terminal. We had a room on the 7th floor facing the main road, which is a busy street with lots of traffic. We could hear the traffic from the street passed midnight and the wall was thin. I could hear other guests on the same floor chatting away. The room was too cold even after we adjusted the temperature, so it kept us up all night. On our first night we ordered room service and the food was just fabulous, great value and great taste!I heard so much about Barcelona being a great city, but I was disappointed to find that people were not friendly to tourist. Nobody would go out of their way to help others (except for the hotel staff, they are exceptional!). We didn't feel safe in that city and we were always on guard as we heard so much about the crime in Barcelona. Metro is right outside of the hotel but we dare not to try. Restaurants on La Rambla was overpriced but their food was not great. What a shame! We will never go back to Barcelona. So glad to be back in Vancouver, we are enjoying great seafood, fair price, friendly people, our spectacular waterfront and majestic mountains!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momo9978
<Content>its ok the hotel is clean, but you have to walk through a pretty dirty street to get the main street. the wall is thin and you can hear noises all night long. the roof top pool is pretty small... not for swimming and can only hold like 4 ppl at a time. the best part of the hotel is that they have a business center and internet access is free. and the ppl there are helpful and nice.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Babbly66
<Content>Great location! We have just returned from a city break in Barcelona - what a fantastic city.Hotel:We had a room on the main road but on the 4th floor which we were very happy with, but unfortunately the toilet did not work at all so we were moved to the 1st floor which was a bit noisier. The rooms are lovely, cool, nice bathroom with little nick nacks etc. The traffic was a bit noisy but hey you are right on the main road so what else can you expect! We walked down the Nou de la Rambla (turn left out of hotel )and never had any problems.City:We did witnesss a young boy trying to rob a lady sitting behind us in a cafe on La Rambla. It was quite an experience. You will see lots of kids walking around with just a sheet of paper and their line is 'so you want to buy a paper' and whilst doing this they will put the paper down on your table, you would probably reply no and they just walk away with the newspaper and whatever item was underneath it...in this case the lady's mobile phone. The waiters/waitresses do keep an eye out for you - in this case the boy was confronted and chased away empty handed. Tip - do not leave anything sitting on the table and always carry your bag etc in front of you. The thieves are very cunning...we were buying some bus tickets from a stall when a guy came right up from behind me and stared right in my bag as I was getting money out. If you use common sense and are aware that there are thieves out there then you shouldn't have any problems.Other than these minor issues we absolutely loved Barcelona...take comfy shoes as you will do a lot of walking. It was very hot when we were there - 38degrees one day - take plenty of sunscreen.Food:What can I say! Wonderful..although if you head off La Rambla you will find some lovely restaurants at half the price! We also ate at Port Vell overlooking all the yaghts - lovely! All in all a fantastic city - would love to go back again!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>modern but lacking character my partner and i have visited barcelona several times and to our dismay found ourselves in a very modern hotel. very clean , staff friendly , but lacking any atmosphere. very buisness like with a mixture of suits and students. the pool was very small and along with the very small bar seating area we spent most of our time wandering around barcelona which was a shame because we were actually looking for a relaxing lie around as in the the past we have never had a hotel in barcelona with a pool. many couples at night when returning to the hotel went to there rooms for a half an hour and then returned to the bar area when seats were available. i cannot complain as such about this hotel but it states roof pool and i can only say if there were more than 4 people in the pool at once you may have bodily contact with strangers. but i suppose there might be a seat spare in the bar for a beverage.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a real shame Having just had 4 days in Barcelona I am sorry to have to say that we will not be going back to the Barcelona Universal which is a great shame for the hotel because it could not be faulted. The rooms, standard of cleanliness and facilities (although the hotel were a little generous in their description of the pool as a 'swimming' pool) were everything and more a 4* hotel should be and the staff were some of the nicest and most professional we have met in our travels.Leaving the hotel we always used the first street to the left to walk to La Rambla area and although there was a distinctly seedy feel to the place, we felt relatively safe due to the police station and numerous police in the area - the sheer number on view must say something about the nature of the area. The last reviewer remarked on the ease of travel using the Metro system. Our trip to Barcelona was one of a medical matter rather than a holiday and on the last but one day, we needed to cross the city and decided to take the metro from the Paral.lel stop which is immediately outside the hotel to avoid the huge traffic jams. Here we were physically attacked when getting on the train by two men of Arab appearance and my husband lost his wallet and contents but thankfully suffered no injuries. Within 5 minutes of the attack, large purchases totalling nearly 拢2000 had been run up on his credit card which seems to indicate that a very professional operation is being run with regard to stolen credit cards. We do speak Spanish and thankfully were able to cancel the cards within 15 minutes to prevent further loss, I was told when making a report at the police station that this area, and this station in particular, is one of the worst (ie dangerous), if not the worst, in Barcelona and when my husband explained to his dental surgeon why he had arrived late, the surgeon was horrified to hear that we were staying anywhere near the Raval District and, in particular, had ventured onto the Metro there.The hotel staff were great and pulled out all stops to get us the help we needed and were as sickened by the attack as we were shocked. We are really sorry that we don't feel able to risk another visit to this great hotel.The 5 rating I have given relates purely to the hotel, staff and facilities within. The only positive rating I would give for the area would be for proximity to main attractions.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a gem! Your search for a hotel stops here! Do not hesitate in making a reservation at this place... we cannot fault it at all. My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of the month. We were only on the 3rd floor and overlooked the street and the traffic didn't bother us at all so I can't understand how people on the 8th floor were troubled by 'noise'. Ok, so it was a busy street but I didn't think it was that bad... some morning's we even slept through until 11 having tired ourselves out the previous day exploring what Barcelona has to offer. Admitedly there always seemed to be police/ambulance sirens going off but working in the centre of London from Monday to Friday, it's something you become immune to and so it didn't affect us. The hotel itself was amazing - our first impression was that we'd walked into the wrong place as it seemed so grand for our 'budget city break'. The rooms are very spacious with great air conditioning and facilities. We tried breakfast at the hotel one morning but as someone else has mentioned EUR13 was relatively steep for what you got. In a cafe just a few doors along to the left you could have an 'american' comprising of 2 fried eggs, sausage, 2 bacon, toast, tea or coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice for EUR8... that kept our stomach's full well into the day. Regardless of where you go exploring, there's plenty of mini supermarkets and bakeries so if ever we felt peckish at lunchtime we simply popped into those for a freshly baked french stick and cheese. Right outside the hotel doors is the entrance for Paral.lel station which offers great links to almost anywhere. Their train maps are very clear so you'll never get lost. Go one stop to Drassanes and you'll find yourself down by the port and Mare Magnum shopping centre, where there's plenty of restaurants on offer. If you are a fish lover, one of our faves was Emperadors where a three course dinner with wine, water and coffee for two cost us 拢45. Another, situated actually within the shopping centre, was Mandongo, an oriental-come-spanish mix where, again, the food and staff were delightful. We didn't even bother with cabs to and from the airport. A 5/10 minute walk from the terminal along a signposted route brings you to the train station where a journey of 20 mins costing EUR2.5 takes you to Sants station, which in turn is only a few stops on the underground to Paral.lel. Their underground is also airconditioned (unlike London) so travelling around on that is great, especially if you want to escape from the daytime heat. We didn't bother with tour buses or anything as our 5day Barcelona Card for EUR30 got us literally everywhere. We purchased our card once we reached Sants station. It entitles you to discounts and free entry to many attractions so it's a great money saver. We hopped on and off (normal) buses and trains to our hearts content and explored so much.All in all, we'd say Barcelona is a top place for a city break. Plenty to see and do and for a reasonable price if you plan wisely. There's plenty of websites with constantly changing deals on hotels (we booked through hotels.com) plus flights with Easyjet lower your overall cost too (we got return flights for 拢90 each).Don't hesitate in booking this hotel.... it's well worth the money!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EilyV
<Content>What a great city! Since I鈥檝e used this sight to pick my hotel, I felt I should write and tell other visitors what I thought. Like other reviews wrote, there is a side street (Carrer Nou de Ramble) but it鈥檚 not scary. There is a lapdancing club on the corner but it鈥檚 not offense. In fact, the street is quite interesting with small shops and plenty of people. Don鈥檛 let that put you off. The hotel is less than 100 metres from a metro station, which will connect you to the whole city. We didn鈥檛 use the tourist buses at all but instead bought a 3 day travel ticket which can be used on the metro, trains, buses etc. This was much better value (鈧?2.50) as opposed to 鈧?1 for two days on the tourist bus. So if you enjoy getting to know an underground system, this is the way to go. Should the scary street put you off鈥?go two stops on the metro and you鈥檙e in the middle of all the action. There is no iron available so bring a travel iron cos there鈥檚 a charge of about 鈧? per item to have them pressed. Don鈥檛 waste your money eating on La Ramblas. It鈥檚 over priced because of the tourist element and the food will just disappoint anyone who likes a good dish. Instead just have a drink and go people watching. We didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel at all but had breakfast in one of the numerous cafes outside the hotel. They are cheap and you鈥檙e eating outside which is always nice. The staff have very good english but we didn鈥檛 require any assistance during our stay. We got a room on the 8th floor which was very clean and well serviced. The noise from the street did wake us every morning so an alarm clock is not required. Perhaps a room at the back would have been quieter. The AC was a great bonus cos the weather was so hot. It's a clean, modern hotel and a very good location to everything worth doing.The must see things that we did were the 鈥淢agic fountains鈥?by night, Parc Guell (the 24 bus will bring you from the hotel straight to the park), Nou Camp for soccer fans, Arc de Triomf and just get lost in the back streets of the Gothic Quarter. Great city and will go back. Bring comfortable shoes as we did loads of walking and exploring. Didn鈥檛 have any issues with pickets but do be careful cos you hear some horror stories. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Blooming
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel My partner and I had wanted to visit Barcelona for years so when we finally booked our trip we researched the hotels really well and chose this one as it looked to be in a good location, nice and modern and clean and good value (if you book early enough)- and it was! We had 4 nights here in May and we would definitely stay here again. We read the other reviews about the dodgy side streets but we didn't have any problems at all, in fact we thought it was in a great location for both the town and the port and also for the beach in Barceloneta, which we could easily walk to. We walked everywhere from the hotel or caught the metro right outside. We didn't try the restaurant and unfortunately the pool was shut during most of our stay, but we had a look up there and thought it was a nice extra. Oh and yes we too asked for a room on the upper floors at the back and it was lovely and quiet. We emailed the hotel before we arrived to request this room and it was available when we checked in.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jezza1
<Content>Great hotel...but bad location We had booked into this hotel for 4 nights, and after reading the reviews on this site, requested a room on a high floor at the back of the hotel. When we arrived the hotel did assign us a room on the 8th floor, but one at the front of the hotel.The noise from the busy road and accompanying roadworks was very loud, and kept us awake most of the night. We requested a move first thing the next morning, but they couldn't offer us an alternative room as the hotel was full. We checked out and moved to another hotel. If your sleep is important to you, we would not recommend this hotel.However, we had a fantastic meal in the hotel restaurant and the hotel itself is very modern and clean and our room was quite spacious.Just very noisy!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Skells
<Content>5 out of 5 - a great hotel We stayed here for 4 nights: May 6th-9th inclusive, and were overly impressed by its standard. Clean, bright, modern and friendly are some of the words I'd use to describe our experience. True enough, we had a room on the 6th floor at the front of the hotel and did find the traffic a little noisy from first light.We couldn't fault the breakfast either, and in the evening time, we dined out - our choice - and stumbled upon some absolutely wonderful restaurants off the main thoroughfare. Sure, the side street next to the hotel is quiet enough but it's not dodgy - as a previous review hints (get out there and explore the nooks  crannies of the world!).In a nutshell, the advice is...it's a great hotel. A room at the back of the hotel is preferred but not essential. Bon voyage!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern, Clean, Good Location We had 2 double rooms at this hotel for 4 nights in March and were really pleased with what we found. My main priority is cleanliness and this hotel was spotless. The front desk staff were friendly, spoke great English, and the hotel sits just across from a metro station so getting into town was never a problem. The only 2 potential drawbacks is that the hotel sits on a busy street and come morning the traffic noise really picks up. Second there really isn't a comfortable bar area and if you like to have a few drinks before hitting the town this really isn't the best hotel to do that in. I would however recommend the hotel restaurant - although never busy while we were there the dinner we had one night was fantastic! If you're looking for a place just to lay your head down so you can get out and see the sights then this is a great place.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Bad Location We arrived at Barcelona Airport on 1st May 2005 for a 4 day trip. It took a while for our baggage to come through but once we had it we decided to take a taxi to the hotel. Loads of Yellow  Black taxi's just outside the airport which cost around 25 euros to the hotel.Took the advice of the people on the website and asked for a room on one of the higher floors. It did mean us waiting for another hour past the booking in time, but well worth it. We had a room on the eigth floor (no.811) and were upgraded to a superior. The room was very spacious, very clean and modern. However we were at the front of the building which did get a lot of loud traffic noise - but not unbearable.Whist we were there the restuarant was closed for refurbishment, but they still did breakfast and room service. Both of which I would stongly recommend not having. The room service meal was quick to reach us but cold, and I didn't think it was much better then what you would get in a fast food restuarant. The breakfast was OK but massivly overpriced at 13 euros each. If you turn left outside the hotel and walk about 100 metres along you will see a cafe which is just as good but half the price.I strongly recommend the Bus Tours, you can buy a ticket on the bus or at the ticket box at Port Vell, just outside one of the bus stops. It cost 17 euros for a one day ticket but you can buy a two day one. It is a great way to see the city and find your bearings. You can get on and off the buses as often as you like and there are loads of bus stops scattered around the city, they will provide you with a map and more details about what you can do when you buy the ticket. The Sagrida Familia and the Nou Camp are amazing and not to be missed.If you like a bit of home comfort then there is a great Irish pub down La Ramblas - just down a side road past Burker King, called Flaherty's. They do great pub food with a good atmosphere. All the staff are Irish (which was a nice touch) and really friendly.Take the advice on the website and don't take the side street just outside the hotel on the left to La Ramblas. It is a bit seedy and didn't look to safe. Take the longer route past the Maritime Museum. Be aware of pick pockets, I had an over the shoulder bag that I kept in front of me the whole time. Just take the same caution as you would in the centre of London.There were some beggers down La Ramblas, oftern women with babies that come up to you whilst you in one of the outside cafe's eating. We only saw one or two and if you ignore them they do go quietly.In conclusion we could not fault the hotel staff or room on the whole trip. The location was the problem for me and although you are close to nearby attractions it would put me off staying at this hotel again. The road itself that the hotel was on did make me feel uneasy especially at night. The fact that there was no decent food within the hotel was also disappointing.I personally would prefer to stay in the Eixample district near Plaza Catalunya, it seemed a much nicer area. I would say that Barcelona is a great city with so may amazing things to see, and would love to go back there one day.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>footballjunky
<Content>Great Hotel Like previous reviews I can not speak highly enough about the hotel. It is in a nice location within easy walking distance of most sites. The hotel is really clean and up to date. We had a room on a high floor at the back of the hotel (requested on booking). It was clean and pretty spacious had a nice view of the hills behind the city a nice bathroom, we also did not hear any traffic noise from outside. The hotel staff were amazingly helpful. They made every effort to book tables at the resturants we requested and where they were unavilable they recommended some which were out of this world. I would recommend this hotel to any one who wants a great base for their holiday in barcelona.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Milson50
<Content>Best hotel I've ever stayed in Spent 4 days in the Universal Barcelona. I must say this hotel was absolutely brilliant. The staff could not be more helpful. Public rooms and especially hotel bedroom could not be better. We have a room at the back of the hotel which was VERY quiet and looked onto private dwellings. Our friends had a front room, which was very nice but they mentioned the traffic noise.The walk to the Ramblas was only 5 minutes, and yes, as previous comments have mentioned the street is not brilliant, with a lap dancing club on the corner, however you do pass a main police station 50 yards away, so don't be troubled....Did not eat in the hotel as it is quite expensive, but there is a very nice local cafe 25 yards down the street which offer an 'Amercano Breakfast' for only 8 euros - you cannot eat or drink much after this.Hotel pool and view on the 10th floor 鈥?you cannot get a better view of the City.!Try this hotel, you will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ezh70
<Content>Excellent Lovely modern hotel. Room on 8th floor very spacious with sitting area, bedroom, changing room and bathroom. Lovely toiletries, only complaint is they were not replenished every day. Staff on reception very helpful. When walking to Las Ramblas, go out of the hotel and turn left and walk down Carrier Nu del Rambla which is busier and better lit than the roads on the other side of the hotel. About 10 minute walk to Las Ramblas. Recommend eating at Biblioteca (C/Junta de Comerc) and the Neri Hotel Resturant (expensive but excellent). Take the bus tour on your first day and then visit the sights at leisure after that. Park Guelle and Miro Museum as well as Sagrida Familia are sights not to be missed.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Titianm0de
<Content>Ideal hotel My husband and I stayed at the Universal for 3 nights on 19th April. The room was spotless, bed very large, and the bathroom excellant. Ask for a higher floor, and you may get a good view over the city. The staff are very helpful, and attentative (we were given a bottle of Champagne for our anniversary, which was a very pleasant suprise)The Taxi transfer to the airport was around 25 euros each way, takes about 15 mins.We used the Metro underground until about 9pm, (7 euros for a 10 trip ticket.)which was very handy as it was right outside.If you are walking to the hotel, avoid walking through the backstreets behind, as they are frequented by seedier types, and is not safe. We tended to walk round the bottom by the Maritime Museum.If you want to chill out, the Parc La Ciutadella is nice, and we also enjoyed looking around the Boqueria Market off la Ramblas, very colourful.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>linzi134
<Content>great hotel the barcelona universal was really nice, great location very clean modern simple style rooms and very nice staff. the hotel is in walking distance of most things and the metro station right outside the hotel takes you to the rest. (拢7 for 2day pass) i went for 3nights and didnt get time to do everything. i loved barcelona, we visited the olympic port, aquarium, nou camp, las ramblas, cathedral, the zoo and the sargadia familia which was the most impressive though, that is a must to see, i wasnt expecting it to be so big and impressive, you have to go to the top too. :-) found the hotel to be really good price and was great for the amount of time we actually were there.There is a great chinese on las ramblas, not the most attractive but great food and good price we had about 5 dishes and drinks and was about 拢25 in total. also the little bars are perfect for a quiet drink we went to an australian one on las ramblas and an irish one on the road back to the hotel. The road back to the hotel isnt great at night, i wouldnt have felt comfortable if wasnt with a guy, walk fast and keep head down. (one night had a girl playing a flute wanting money). overall-a good hotel in a great city would definetly go back to both.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>suebsongs
<Content>Fabulous hotel, wonderful staff, amazing customer care What a WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL HOTEL ... the rooms were fabulously clean, spacious, airy and tastefully decorated while the staff  management's customer care abilities were out of this world. As it was our 25th Anniversary weekend, we were surprised with a complimentary superior room and cannot thank the hotel enough for making our stay so memorable. The friends who went with us thought their room was fabulous, too.Nothing was too much trouble for any member of staff ... they are so, so helpful. Room service was quick and friendly - we enjoyed some delicious cold meats, salad and bread smothered in tomato  garlic. Excellent. And, while we never actually ventured downstairs for breakfast we did have a tasty, inviting continental breakfast tray in our rooms.... which included freshly squeezed orange juice, fresh melon, pineapple, grapes, meats, cheese, yoghurts, gorgeous pastries and croissants, and mounds of other stuff. It was only a 6/7minutes walk to La Ramblas and all the small cafes and bars dotted around close to the hotel were extremely welcoming and friendly. In amongst the many winding local streets you can find some quite cute shops, too.Computer access (on the ninth fooor) was instant and 24/7. The rooftop pool was lovely and the views are truly spectacular.All in all, Barcelona is a beautiful, welcoming, buzzing city - and the Barcelona Universal Hotel is the PERFECT HOTEL to stay while you're there...  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>architectural-lover
<Content>You will not be disapointed!       Peacful!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Universal Barcelona Myself and the wife stayed at the Universal Barcelona for three nights in April and found it great value for money. The room was of a very high standard.The staff were also very helpful with enquiries and were also there when you needed them. Used the metro twice going to the nou camp staduim and to gaudis sandria familia unfinished cathedral. These two being a must when in barcelona and also felt safe on the metro as it was during the day.The open top bus tours are also great value for money and a great way of getting a tan. I would highly reccommend this hotel to stay while in Barcelona  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>I_Mallon
<Content>Very Good hotel Stayed there with my fiance over Easter.Hotel is spotless, with a nice pool on the roof with good views, which would have been nice in the Summer.Metro is right outside the door. The harbour is about 400yards away.Its a five minute walk to the Rambla, however dont take the side street up from the hotel, its a bit dodgey with few tourists on it.Its safer to head to the bottom of the road then over onto the Rambla.Overall, a very reasonable hotel, friendly staff and in a good location, i would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mrswilky
<Content>will definitely return! Having read the reviews on this hotel I was looking forward to seeing if the place lived up to it's reputation. I was certainly not disappointed. Just returned from a 2 night stay with friends and was very pleased with this hotel. The first thing that strikes you when you walk into the rooms is how clean they are. Everywhere is spotless and the decor stylish and modern. The hotel staff are very friendly and they will give you advice on where to go in the city of you ask them. They all speak very good English too. We had a room on the 3rd floor and 2 of our rooms were overlooking those shabby looking apartments (my advice would be to just keep the curtains closed as you'll not be in your hotel room for long!). Our other friends room was one of those with an internal view (facing the air shaft). It did make the room a little stuffy as there was no natural light but there is air conditioning. We didn't bother trying to change the rooms as we arrived late and the hotel was full so we figured it just wasn't worth the hassle. If you think this would bother you, I would suggest trying to get there early so you can ask to be moved. Seriously though, if it's a clean, modern, reasonably priced and ideally loacted hotel you are after, then this place is for you. (We booked our hotel through EasyJet and got a mega discount! 拢76 each for 2 nights) We didn't bother with the Metro after reading all the scary stuff on here and we just got taxi's (very reasonable - around 25 euro from the airport to the hotel) and used the tour bus (10 minute walk from hotel...just ask the staff and they will point you in the right direction) to get around the city. A day's ticket for unlimited use on the tour bus was (I think) 17 euros and I'd say it was well worth it. Try and get on the top open air deck though as it's a totally different experience! You get to see all the wonderful architecture around the city, you really won't believe your eyes. We didn't see half the sights we wanted to as we were stuck for time but the highlights for us were the breathtakingly beautiful La Sagrada Familia and Nou Camp (even if you don't like football, this place is pretty special!). Be careful on your way to La Rambla (10 minutes walk from hotel). There is a street with a dodgy peep show type place on the corner and this street takes you to La Rambla. We went down there fairly early in the evening and stuck together but we saw some very dodgy looking characters hanging around here. I would advise either taking the main road or just jumping in a taxi. We went to the Port Olimpic for our night out and there are lots of bars and night clubs there staying open till around 5am! Don't bother getting there till at least 11.00pm as you'll never last the distance! Barcelona is a fantastic place and the Barcelona Universal Hotel is definitely a fab place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Just returned from an excellent break at the Barcelona Universal. Hotel is modern in decor spotlessly clean and the staff are very helpful. Having read previous reviews we had requested a room on a high floor at the back of the hotel. Well worth the request as we had a room on 7th floor with a fantastic view over the city, could lay in bed and see spires of the famous sites, lower floors look over tenament blocks. Again noted previous comments and did not breakfast at the hotel but in the cafe of the hotel left as you come out the hotel 4,00EUR for a good continental breakfast 7.00EUR for an American breakfast. We did however eat in the hotel twice during our stay at night and found it to be very reasonable and very good, nice touches were complimentary tapas prior to the starter, coffee served with petit fours everything we had was beautifully presented and very good total for 2 with a bottle of wine under 40 EUROS.For getting around Barcelona hotel is ideally situated with the metro just outside. Do be careful on the metro and take No valuables cards etc leave them locked in free hotel safe, we were sitting in reception and a couple came in having lost their bag with all their credit cards money etc we observed the staff were very efficient helping them. We think we were followed from hotel onto metro as we got on the train a guy bent down and pulled the front of my husbands trousers the chap behind was trying to get his wallet but was prevented by other brave passengers who stopped him. So be careful I wouldn't use it late at night.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel, you must stay here! This hotel is excellent and well worth what you pay for. The rooms are very modern with wooden floors, mirrors and tasteful decor. The bathroom was lovely with a very useful towel warmer. The room was also impeccably clean and had a safe (no extra charge), mini-bar (reasonably priced), nice TV, books and magazines and all the usual hotel amenities. We had a room facing the main road and although there was lots of traffic it wasn't overly noisy due to the good double glazing. The breakfast was excellent, we had to pay extra for it as it wasn't included in the room price but had everything from toast to croissants, meat, cheese and cake and gateaux - worth every penny! The hotel in general is very modern with a glass front and marble reception desk. The staff were friendly and accomodating and spoke great english for those not too good with their spanish. It is about a 10 minute walk to La Ramblas and the heart of Barcelona. However there is a metro literally right outside the door of the hotel which will take you pretty much anywhere you should wish to go. One of the best things about this hotel was the pool and sun area on the roof. Admittedly it is small, but come on, it's a pool on a roof it can only be so big! I wouln't recommend using it in the middle of day when it is super busy but if you go down after 3 pm it is pretty quiet and some days we had it too ourselves. It's perfect to jump into to cool down after a long day sightseeing and the views from up there are amazing - you get a panoramic view of the whole city, breathtaking! There's also a small gym and a sun deck.I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SarahWexford
<Content>Lovely hotel Myself and a group of friends stayed at the Barcelona Universal and it is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed. THe facilities are top class, the food is great and the staff were so helpful and friendly with excellent English. The rooms were spacious and the bathrooms lovely. Room service was not too expensive. A metro stop is just outside the hotel which was great for getting aroundOverall we were very pleased with our stay.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holidaymaker_london
<Content>Decent City Center hotel I stayed at the Barcelona universal with my boyfriend for a long weekend and thought it was a good (but not great!) city center hotel. Very clean and modern. It is excellently located for sightseeing as the metro stop is literally outside the door.There is a nice lobby bar which is very reasonably priced by hotel standards howver we often had to wait ages to get service as nobody seemed to actually work in it!!! The only minor problem I had was that there was no mirror in the bedroom (only the bathroom!). Probably sounds petty to most visitors but with my array of hair straightening implements it proved a bit tricky!!I would recommend to friends for convenince but if you want a hotel with atmosphere try elsewhere  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flash-London
<Content>Wonderful with only a few downers... Went to Barcelona for Valentines weekend and it emerged to be a wonderful weeked with the hotel to thank for mcuh of it. Upon arrival, we did have to wait a few hours for check in as the rooms weren't ready (we did arrive at 11am!). La Ramblas is 5 mins walk away as is local conveniences and KFC! Staff were very helpful in everything they were asked. Initally asked for a room on the 7/8th floor as other reviewers has stated. We were on the 4th floor -not a single problem with noise and certainly didn't hear neighbours doing anything. View was of shabby apartments on the back but seeing as we were out most of the day seeing sights of going for leisurely walks this was not a major problem. BEd was huge but only because it was two twin beds joined together. Bathroom is basic but pretty decent and goes well with the room. Ample storage space and pulg points for essentials such as mobile phone charge, girlfrineds hairdrier, girlfriends hair straightener and girlfrinds iron!!!! Pool is small as is the gym - one cardio machine of each type! But you must venture to floor 10 as the views are breath taking...from Sagraga Familia to the Olympic Stadium and from the Columbus Statue to the cruiseliners and yachts out at sea. Never had breakfast as is pricey and not great variety but do use the cafe on the left under the neighbouring hotel - excellenct food (all day american breaksfast!) and service!Staff was some of the most helpful staff. I had researched the restaurants prior to travelling and had decided to book a table at Barcelona's top rstaurant - and the staff took over and booked me a table at Tragaluz. Amazing food at a cost - but certainly worth it. All in all the Hotel cater's for everyone's needs. But do be careful with the back streets as they are not safe. I didn't even feel safe walking down them with my girlfriend and I am a martial arts expert. Do keep personal belongings safe when walking in the immediate area - there seem to be a lot of foreigners who just look at you and 'eye up' what possessions you have in your hands. In-room safe in hotel provides great peace of mind as passports and other items were totally safe there. Would I recommend it? YEs - but to those who don't mind walking a bit to the key sites. The metro is excellently located and can take you direct to Catalonia Square and Sagrada Familia without changing lines. Hotel is worth staying at alone ust for the service levels at the front desk.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, conveniently located I recently stayed at the Barcelona Universal Hotel, and I highly recommend it. The hotel is conveniently located (only meters from a subway stop), modern, the rooms are well equipped and maintained, and the staff friendly and helpful. The free high speed internet access from the room (using your own laptop) is great if you need it. If it is atmosphere and character you are after, though, this is not the place for you. It is a modern hotel on a bustling business street, devoid of charm.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Just-We-Two-Wales
<Content>Barcelona's Hotel With Universal Appeal!! The Hotel Universal is situated on a busy thoroughfare in the heart of Barcelona. It is a four star hotel with all the facilities that you would expect in a hotel with such a rating. From the outset, the staff were very polite and accommodating, everyone from the doorman, the bell-hop and the reception staff. The reception area and adjacent bar were very airy and modern and create a good first impression. The check-in staff spoke good English and were very helpful when it came to answering our questions about various aspects of Barcelona. Our room was on the 7th floor and was very clean and well appointed in a modern, minimalist style. Apart from the bed there was ample storage space, satellite tv, mini-bar, computer access port etc. The bathroom was very hi-tech with lots of chrome, spotlights and everything you would expect to find in a modern bathroom. This particular room was at the rear so the view in the foreground was not that spectacular, being confined to the yards of the adjacent buildings. However, above and behind that was a panoramic view of Barcelona's skyline, including the Sacrada Familia and the hills which ring the city. The hotel has a pleasant restaurant, with good quality European cuisine and provides a very comprehensive buffet style breakfast. The hotel itself is just a short walk from the famous La Ramblas and also the water front. A few yards from the front door there is a metro station, which allows quick, inexpensive and easy access to all parts of the city. All in all we had a very pleasant stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone planning to visit Barcelona. Prices vary but during the low season (January/February) we had a very good deal, paying less than we had previously paid to stay in lesser hotels.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, rooms and staff but avoid the breakfast We have recently returned from a 3 night stay at the Universal. The hotel is great, nice large rooms that are well serviced. The staff were incredibly helpful and spoke excellent English. The Universal is 5 mins from Las Ramblas... and perfect for the Metro. I'll definitely stay there again.Now for the bad news. We had the breakfast on our second day. The food was good but I was shocked to see staff members chasing customers down the corridor because they had left the breakfast room with an apple! I think it is fair enough that you aren't allowed to make a packed lunch courtesy of the breakfast buffet but they weren't even allowing a dry roll to leave the room. Take the advice of having breakfast at the hotel to the left... much better, a quarter of the price and a nice atmosphere.One last point. One of our friends uses a wheelchair and so had a specially equipped room. These rooms are all internal...no choice about that, also they only have twin beds (not much use for couples). Make sure you are on a higher floor as the lower floors get a lot of kitchen noise and my friends had to move floors to get some sleep.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DouglasR
<Content>Nice but noisy The Barcelona Universal has an excellent location 20 metres from the Parral.lel subway station. Its a 10 minute walk to the foot of Las Ramblas, the same to the Gothic Quarter and 20 minutes to Port Vell. The staff speak excellent English and are very helpfull.The Hotel is only 3 years old. The rooms are well designed, very clean and spacious enough. The only problem is the wooden floors and lack of sound proofing. We were woken on a few occasins by people above us either talking loudly (not shouting) or worse, taking a leak ! God forbid if the person above you has high heels and starts walking around at 03:00 in the morning. If it wasn't for this I would have given this hotel a 4 rating.A couple of things to note:1. As mentioned by others, this hotel has interior rooms with no window. We asked for a room at the back of the hotel with a window and were accomodated (we wanted a higher floor with a room facing Avenida Parrallel, but there were none left).2. The hotel pool is more od a plunge pool, not a swimming pool.3. Dont bother with the hotel breakfast. Walk outside, turn left, proceed 50 metres and go into the cafe that sits under the hotel next door. Good service, coffee and reasonable breakfasts.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wkdhels22
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Highly Recommended I took my boyfriend to Barcelona for his birthday this February. When we arrived we were very pleased with the hotel. From the outside it looks very modern and this continued inside. Reception were friendly and were always happy to help. Our room was on the 8th floor and had a magnificent view over Barcelona. The room itself was perfect, it was very clean and modern and a great size - the bed was huge. There is a metro just outside the hotel and La Rambla is just a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel however, it is down a back road which is quite lit up but even so I wouldn't recommend walking there on your own just to be safe. I would definitely recommend this hotel, it was good value for money and definitely worth its 4 stars.Barcelona was lovely and I would highly recommend visiting the fountains at the Olympic Village on a Friday or Saturday night and I would also recommend using the tour buses which stop at all the main tourist attractions and save a lot of leg ache!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice! Stayed at this hotel for our 1st year anniversary. We choose it because of the reviews from this website. The hotel was very very nice, the staff are excellent. It is a very modem hotel in a good loctaion. We mailed the hotel and asked for a nice room, which they gave us with a brillinat view.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bird
<Content>Great modern hotel We have just come back from Barcelona and were very pleased with the hotel. We booked through Expedia back in December and had no problems with our booking. The hotel is modern, clean and right next to the metro. The staff were really friendly and helpful. If you are looking to be slightly away from the action and willing to travel 2 stops on the metro then I would recommend staying here. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good. Took my girlfriend there in December, slight problem when we got there in that there was no room ready so we had to wait for about 40 mins. Doesnt sound a long time but after a flight, a coach journey and cab to the hotel it was a touch annoying but once we got our room it was fine. Large room, huge bed (!) and a very good view.  Bear in mind that breakfast is not included but is very nice. Try and get a room high up. We had no problems with noise.  There is a swimming pool but its not very big.  Wasnt too impressed with dinner but thats probably my English taste buds!  This probably sounds too critical and i did enjoy my stay.   Lonely travellers should be wary of cutting through the back streets from the Ramblas back to the hotel.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Class We had a wonderful stay at the Universal in June 2004. On arrival we found our room had been upgraded. It was exactly as the pictures portrayed and more. Spotlessley clean, spacious, relaxing lobby and very helpful and friendly staff. Idealy located right next to the Metro and walking distance to Las Ramblas.We have just recommended the hotel to friends visiting Barcelona in July this year.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed there in december fot 5 days. The staff is very helpfull. Nice clean rooms en ver y good situated if you want to go to Barcelona.To our surprise dinner was als good as well (lovely steak)!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TechRoadWarrior
<Content>Very nice hotel with very nice people My family had two rooms for four nights from December 17-21. We all had a wonderful time. The staff is very nice and helpful and the hotel is well located. The rooms were quite nice and we had enough space to be comfortable. Despite being on vacation, I needed to work part of the time and was delighted to find free high speed internet access in our rooms. The hotel also has two complimentary PC's available (for free) in their business area that is always open. One of them was equipped with a color printer as well which was great for printing maps and directions to the subsequent locations.As other reviewers mentioned, the back of the hotel is very quiet, and the front of the hotel is on a main street that can get noisy.All four of us would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice We enjoyed our stay at the Universal for four nights in mid-November 2004. The staff was excellent and very helpful and attentive. The rooms were comfortable - not huge, but not tiny either. The room rate did not include the buffet breakfast, which is what we prefer because we can't each that much in the morning. Instead, we ate a light breakfast every morning around 10 am at a cafeteria at the end of the block. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Las Ramblas down a street that is filled with somewhat questionable locals, but we felt perfectly safe. The metro is right next to the hotel. Be careful with your belongings on the metro!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel, good quality, lovely design Me and my wife stayed here for 3 nights on 12-15th of November. We loved the hotel and had a very pleasant stay.The staff is lovely, they are helpful and give great tips for tapa restaurants (cannot judge their english as I spoke Spanish with them), the hotel is very good situated, with good acces to public transport. The subway entrance is just in front of the door. Make sure you have a room on the higher floor to overcome street and subway noise. If you are used to live in a city, floor 3 should do already. If you come from a village, you will always be annoyed by noise I suppose. People who complain about noise in this hotel are just not used to any sound while going to sleep. The area around is very safe, with the same city/village comment as for noise.We had a great room (702, yes, seventh floor (out of 10)), the biggest of the floor (which was clearly shown on the escape route map) and were offered a splendidu bottle of cava (for those who don't know, cava is similar to champagne, but only available in Spain as it comes from a different region) on the house because while booking I wrote our stay was part of our honeymoon. I also requested a room on the higher floors, so they indeed took my remarks into consideration. The bedroom was L-shaped and very large, having an extra sofa and table in the lower part of the L. The bathroom was large too, equipped with two sinks, a bidet, a toilet, a shower and a bath tub. Having this marvellous bathroom including a loungey music system from the hotel, we enjoyed a bath while having the cava. If they offer you a room with only a view of the shaft, do refuse it. And if they cannot give you another room, then they should at least lower the price (see below what I paid) as rooms are not equal. Indeed there are no alarm clocks, but any soul with a mobile phone should be able to overcome this 'problem'. I did not notice any air conditioning so maybe in summer it can get hot in the rooms. In that case, opening a window would indeed add noise if you stay at the front side of the hotel as the traffic goes on all night. The breakfast is good (but not the coffee!), but defenitely not worth 13 euros. For this price you can have dinner in a tapas bar! So, go outside, walk 50 steps, sit on a terrace and have a breakfast in the sun, not only 70% cheaper, but also including personal service and fresh *good* coffee/espresso.I booked this hotel based on the comments of this website. It did meet up the expectations very well. Oh yeah, the rooftop swimming pool is indeed nice, but not heated, so in November no chance to swim! I booked a month in advance, paid 145 euro for both friday and saturday night and 115 euro for sunday night (excluding taxes). For business I have stayed in similar hotels but usually for higher prices, especially if you take into account the location and size of city...Thumbs up, would defenitely stay again. Sjoerd  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maisymeg
<Content>lovely accommodation We have recently stayed here for 2 nights. The hotel is in an excellent situation with easy transport links. The rooms are very modern, comfortable and clean - all furnished and decorated to a high standard. Staff, especially reception were very helpful. The buffet breakfast was good quality but there was a long wait to get glasses, cups and tea/coffee both mornings - these were served rather than on the buffet table. Lovely rooftop swimming pool and sunbeds.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoadLite
<Content>Universal Approval! We've just returned from a fantastic 3 night stay at The Universal. The accommodation is contemporary in design and still enjoys that nice feeling of brand new cleanliness. The roof top pool is a funky bonus, that surely gives this stylish, well located, affordable hotel, the edge over its competition. I agree that the rooms at the front of the hotel suffer from some street noise. However our request to move to a (very peaceful) room at the rear was met with the friendliness  efficiency that the staff showed throughout our stay. After reading some of the earlier reviewers comments concerning the immediate locality of the hotel, you might be expecting the walk to La Rambla to be a 10 minute dash past muggers  druggies - this couldn't be much further from the truth! Directly outside the Universal are a couple of relaxed pavement cafes where you can enjoy a beer, whilst the road (C/Nou de la Rambla) to La Rambla is busy, perfectly well lit and features bars, restaurants, mini-markets and even a police station!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel but noisy OCT 10TH 2004 JUST BACK AFTER 3 GREAT NIGHTS IN BARCELONA.Please request a room at the back of the hotel. the view isn't great but it was much quieter than the noisy rooms to the front. We had to listen to busy traffic all night.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at this hotel in May 2004. It is a really nice hotel. The rooms were nice and modern. We had a nice view over the main road, it did get noisy with the dust men coming in the mornigs and drunk people out and about but was not that bad. The service was really good, could not fault it at all. Good location and was very easy to get around from there. We had a meal in the restaurant and that was nice too.Would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Window - No Good Review! My husband and I stayed here for a business trip and unfortunately, did not consult this site before arriving. As a result, we ended up in one of the dreaded interior (room 702) rooms with no natural light - just the weird opaque window facing an airshaft. The tiny room, coupled with the very hard bed was pretty upsetting. There were no other rooms available, so we settled for this dark little dungeon. Also, bring a clock as there was none in the room, which added to the dark/no natural light/no sense of time nightmare.That said, the staff was courteous, the location was good, and it was kept very clean. The bar, I agree, was blah and closed very early. Perhaps if we had another room, I could write a better review.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the Ticket for a Short Break Booked Using Expedia.co.uk for a short break between the 14th and 19th September 04Hotel was easy to get to from the Airport (via Airport bus and Metro) and the staff were friendly and welcoming. Checked into our room on the 2nd floor facing the road... good room but very noisy (I like me sleep!) asked to be moved and got a room on the 8th floor with nice views over the City - staff were very helpful and accomodating plus this room had free slippers! (well the other half was happy!)Nice little pool (not heated but warm in the sun) and terrance on the roof for the sun and to read a book and free internet access on the 9th floor (nice to get local information and print it out) - didn't use the resturant for breakfast, but went up the road for Churros and Chocolate (how nice is that) etc... cheap and just the ticket (why don't they sell churros and chocolate in the uk?). Hotel is right next to a well connected metro station and a good place to explore from, you can walk to lots of the city direct from the Hotel. The Hotel and Barcelona was a great little break from the grey and misery of England!Would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iowa-Tom
<Content>tobacco smoke We was very pleased, when we stayed here this past weekend, that there was no indication that anyone had smoked in room 703, even though there was several ash trays in the room. A very nice place to stay, with the Metro entrance near the hotel's front door.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel- Very hard beds though!!! The Universal hotel certainly lives up to the good review previously posted; when we visited there last week.Apart from finding the bed very very hard! We were very please with our room and the hotel in general. Its very well presented and of a 3-4 star quality. The breakfasts (13euro) were definitely worth the fee for convenience and quality- we grazed! Thanks to the person who warned us about room 202, we were offered it and requested a room on a higher floor which was given immediately (8th floor) with no problem. The view was lovely- the rooftops of Barcelona. Overall a quality, modern hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kitty1709
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Just returned from 4 night trip to Barcelona Universal Hotel. Cannot recommend this hotel enough for anybody looking somewhere not too expensive but very comfortable in the city. Hotel rooms were spotless with great little extras in the bathroom and the staff were more than helpful at all times and spoke very good English and understood you. Advising on places to go, where to eat, even standing in the road to hail you a cab! The breakfast was more than enough. With regards to the area, the road the hotel is on is fine, crossing to La Rambla is Ok if you stick to the road that is one minute walk towards the port on the left which actually goes past a police station! Cannot vouch for very late night/early morning people returning to hotel but we had no trouble at 11.00pm. A taxi from the airport was 16 euros and returning was 26 euros maybe because we had overdone on the shopping! starting rate is always about 1.25 euros.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased with the Universal Barcelona hotel Stayed here for 4 days in September. The hotel was very modern, clean and ther staff were all very helpful and spoke good English.On arrival we were given a map and directions to les rambles, the receptionist also told us which streets close to the hotel to avoid.The hotel is close to all the major attractions. Our room was a good size, very nice and clean and having air conditioning was a major plus.Overall, we were very pleased with the hotel for the price we paid.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won the Mrs over! I spent 4 nights at the Unviversal last week and was more then happy.The place was clean and tidy, the staff were very helpful and most importantly the rooms were great.We (myself and the Mrs) didn't get chance to try the restaurant food out however as there are so many nice places to eat in Barcelona.I'm now planning to return to Barcelona and will be satying at the Universal again.If Barcelona is your destination you should make the Universal your base - you won't be dissapointed!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but not great either. Not bad, but not great either. The hotel is right on top of a underground stop, which makes it easy to get to/from, but otherwise the location is nothing special: on a busy road and with nothing much immediately nearby. The rooms are clean and modern, and the facilities ok 鈥?the pool, though small, is pleasant; the bar lacks character and atmosphere and the breakfast doesn't really rise above standard Eurofare, though if you just need some fuel for the day ahead it'll do.Our major gripe is the room we were initially checked into: it was like a cell. There was no natural light at all, the only 'window' was a small opaque whitewashed panel, which opened onto a vertical shaft of concreted walls. Though it was on the 2nd floor (room 202 - avoid it) it might as well have been in the basement, even in the middle of the afternoon it was as dark as night in there. It was also tiny, with just enough room to get round the bed. We walked straight in and out again, and were moved onto the seventh floor and an altogether nicer room: with a window, natural light and good views over the city. Plus around twice the floorspace. Outrageous that the hotel could try to pass these two rooms off as being of comparable value. One is well worth staying in, the other I wouldn't spend a moment in there even if you paid me.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular Way to Start Married Life My husband and I spent the first 4 nights of our honeymoon at the Barcelona Universal Hotel, before moving onto a 5 star hotel in Madrid. This hotel was far superior to our hotel in Madrid. Our room, with private balcony was just fantastic. The pool, although busy, is great for cooling off after a day of sightseeing. The staff are lovely and extremely helpful. The location is superb, with a metro station right outside the hotel. This is just a wonderful hotel for spending a few days in this gorgeous city.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to be We stayed last week in this hotel and it was great!We will recomand this hotel to friends and family  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab location Spent 5 nights here and couldn't have asked for more.Excellent location for the Metro and Montjuic Funicular. Great views from the roof and walking distance to the Port and La Rambla.Careful which road you take to La Rambla as once very dodgy one nearby but the reception staff were very helpful in pointing you in the right direction.Nothing starts in Barcelona unitl midnight so be weary of revellers coming in at all hours in your an early to bed kind of person!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Have recently returned from a 4 night stay at the Barcelona Universal Hotel  can highly recomend this hotel. However, having read a few more reviews of this hotel I'd like to point out a couple of varying opinions. The trip advisor from Queens said they had to leave their key with the concierge  wake him when they returned late at night, we were given swipe cards to our room so whenever we left the hotel we took it with us and could return any time, the hotel lobby was always open, (not that we arrived back in the early hours of the morning). Also, they say it's a very nice neighbourhood, well the LOCATION is great, but the area/neighbourhood is slightly downmarket. Not to say that we didn't feel safe, it's a pleasant stroll to La Ramblas  to Port A Vell on the sea front/marina.The hotel is vey modern, the rooms were nicely furnished, beech furniture  floors, room and bathroom were spotless  cleaned everyday. Ladies, no need to bring a travel hairdryer as there is an excellent one in the bathroom. The beds were very firm, with long pillows. Plenty of wardrobe space for clothes, suitcases  a free safe. Air con is fantastic, very quiet  didn't need it on long because it started to get too cold! The staff were very pleasant  spoke excellent english.We booked on Expedia  breakfast wasn't included in the option. We ate breakfast everyday  when we came to pay we got a bit of a shock. 110 euros for 2 people for 4 days. A bit steep if you ask me, but you need to stock up on a hearty breakfast to fuel you up for all the walking!The metro is right outside the hotel  is very easy to use, we used the ticket machine  bought a metro travel card for 10 journeys for about 6 euros.Also, a previous trip advisor said that a taxi from the airport to the hotel was 27 euros. Well, I think we were over charged as when we got in the taxi the driver didn't zero the meter, it was alreay at 11 euros. When we got to the hotel the meter was at 27 euros, but then he showed us a card to show it was extra for the two suitcases  then added another 10 euros. So, I would ask how much before you take a taxi.Also, please be vigilant with your money/personal belongings. There is a guide on pickpockets in the hotel room. Basically, wear a money belt, wear your rucksack across your front. Don't have your wallet/purse in your pockets. Watch your backs, try not to get involved in any of the street theatre. Look as though you know where you are going, but don't be afraid to get out a map, there are tourists from all over the world.Also, our AA travel guide book recommended a restaurant called Le quinze nites, it's in a little square off La ramblas. Don't bother. The queue starts at about 730pm. The doors don't open till 830pm  the service  food were rubbish. Try the little restaurant just off to the left in the alley, can't remember what it's called, began with a c, few tables outside  lovely inside, food great, if not a little nouvelle cuisine (small portions)!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jules470
<Content>Cute little inexpensive hotel, EXCELLENT location great for the price A friend of mine that I visited in Barcelona found and booked the Hotel Universal for me. It is only a couple of blocks away from Casa Batillo, and you can walk right to the Ramblas. It is in a VERY nice neighborhood, very odd for a budget hotel, far away from some of the seediness on the lower Ramblas. There is a huge and cheap internet cafe across the street, so beware the temptation of wasting your time in this great city sending email! (you can do that when you get home) This was in one of the nicer areas I spent time in Barcelona, VERY safe.I had lost my passport, and had to stay extra days over the weekend until I could get it replaced, and even though they were booked past the one night I planned to stay, the staff was very nice about finding me other accomodations. (With the help of my Catalan speaking friend) All the staff member's English is not %100, trust meMake a request that you do NOT have a room on the first floor....That was my original spot, and although clean enough, it was microscopic even by European standards, had no balcony, and was pretty depressing. During my day at the beach, without my knowledge, they switched me to a room upstairs (I found this out when I walked in and saw a staff member carrying all my clothes, suitcases  toiletries up the steps)The new room was GREAT! spotless room and bathroom, wonderful balcony that opened out to the front of the hotel, I loved it, and I was thrilled when they had a cancellation, and I didn't have to switch hotelsIt was pretty cheap too, this was Sept of 2003, so it's hard to remember, but I think a single was 50 euro a night. The only drawback is that you it's one of those deals where they buzz you in so I had to wake up the clerk from his slumber on a cot in the Lobby to let me in and give me the key to my room (you have to check your key at the lobby when you leave) But, he was REALLY sweet about it!  Also, no company upstairs, particularly of the opposite sex, so if you meet that special someone you're gonna have to go to their place....All in all, a great experience I would recommend it clean, cheap, not a better location to be had for the price.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff ,very efficient and most concern especially after a theft! We just celebrated our 23rd.wedding anniversary in Barcelona. Our trip started quiet smoothly until we arrived at the Metro Paralel. A chap dropped his battery on purpose at the escalator causing a commotion and the other people were jammed behind one another, unable to get off.At this instant my husband lost his wallet,ID card,credit card and some foreign currencies, the chap was a professional Pick-Pocket.The ladies at the reception were quick to react when they heard what happened and offered us help instantly.They were very helpful and spoke very good English. To our surprise, after our unplesant schock, they upgraded our room and offered us a very spacious room with a view. All our disappointment on our first trip to Spain vanished, we did enjoy our weekend in Barcelona. The people at the hotel made a BIG difference!I can recommend this hotel and shall definitely return! Just a word of warning travel light and be very cautious when travelling on the Metro.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised We were pleasantly surprised with how nice this hotel was. We booked it online just a few days before arriving, and did not know what to expect. The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly. We were happy to see there were no language barrier issues ... all the staff we encountered spoke English well. The location was perfect. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little bobby dazzler.... We came here for a 4 day city break, and were very happy with the hotel. Location - pretty good, about 10 mins walk to La Rambla. Hotel - a bit of a big bland box from outside, but very modern, clean, and stylish inside. There's a very very small pool on the roof with areas to sunbathe in - very nice after a day on your feet. Free internet access on level 9. Staff - fine, no problems. Room - clean, modern, powerful and quiet A/C, lovely complimentary soaps, daily change of linen and general tidying. Breakfast - very good, extensive choice, with fruit, cereals, ham, cheese, bacon, sausages, omelette, juices, and chocolate cake! Coffee was pretty ropey, though. Would stay here again. Top tips for Barcelona - go see Gaudi's park, eat in the Placa Reial in the evening,  get a taxi to and from the airport (27 euro)  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThomasCroydon
<Content>Fab I've just returned from a 4 day (18 - 21 July 04) stay with my partner who was celebrating his birthday.The hotel was fantastic, we did have a bit of a wait when we arrived but was very pleased to see they had a locked room for our luggage and a very helpful concierge. The staff at the desk were very helpful and got out a map and showed us places to go to eat while we were waiting for our room.Once we got to the room I was pleasantly surprised on how big the room was, unfortunately we got the short straw and had a room with no view but it didn't spoil anything. The room was very clean, and well maintained. There was everything that you needed a mini bar, a free safe (very easy to use) little accessories in the bathroom.We went to the outdoor pool which is on the roof WHAT A VIEW!!The location is great with La Ramblas only about 10 minutes walk and the metro outside. It was can a bit confussing coming back from La Ramblas because you can end on roads that tourist shouldn't go. I had one small problem which was the Satellite TV which was all in Spainish (I speak no Spanish apart from Thank you).Overall had a fabulous time, I would recommend this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>minibreak_hero
<Content>I would stay there again The Unierversal is appointed with excellent clean, modern rooms with good range of complimentary toiletries for you to stash in your case (including shoe shine, tooth brush, razor and tissues!).Room bonuses also included a free in room safe, heated towel rail and bonkers hotel radio which was piped into the bathroom! Air con and black out curtains were excellent for afternoon siestas after checking out Gaudi's finest.Staff were very helpful, friendly and only too willing to help you out with any enquiry from furnishing you with local info to giving you further complimentary toothbrushes!The hotel is situated in a good location, out of the main throng of La Rambla. It is on a fairly busy road but the hotel has good soundproofing so it doesn't interfere with a good nights kip. The hotel is right next to a metro station which is the best way of getting round the city.The only gripes were (and these are very minor); on check-in the staff told us that we had to wait because we had ordered a double room as it wasn't quite ready. They, however, could offer us a twin room if we wanted a room now. We waited until 2pm and on getting to the room we noticed that it was 2 singles pushed together (but it didn't feel like we were on 2 singles). The other minus point was to get to la Rambla from the hotel means going through El Raval(guide books tell you to stay away at night). Having said that, it's cheap and easy enough to get the metro and taxi so why bother walking? Especially when you are wearing high heels....  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, helpful staff, big bed... Not bad at all. Considering some of the hotels that I had planned to stay in in Barcelona were horrible looking things, just yards from noisy dens of debauchery, I was extremely greatful to be here, in a (relatively) quiet street. The close proximity to a tube station was also very welcome. The staff were exceedingly friendly and responded to tourist Spanish in smooth English. The rooms were very comfortable and an excellent base for exporing the city although I didn't check out the restaurant at all. The 'king size' bed was in fact two singles pushed together but I only noticed on our second day so it couldn't have been all that bad...  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pontooner
<Content>Better than imagined... Ola,Just returned from a 3 night stay in the middle of our Paris vacation. Wow. This hotel delivered more than I expected. From the 15 Euro taxi to the hotel (25 Euro return due to departure fee), to the accurate web site photo representative rooms, we were off to a very good start. I booked my reservation w/ Expedia for approx. 110 Euro and did not have any issue. The hotel is situated far enough away from Las Ramblas to be able to get some sleep (5 min walk), while being directly in front of the convient Metro and Funicular to MontJuic. It is also a 5 min. walk to the Port area and maybe 15 until you hit the beach. When I say 15 mins. it is probably one of those 15 that you don't even notice due to the sights. Don't believe the paranoia of the descriptions of the area or the street (Nou de la rambla) to Las Ramblas. Please! I still carried my wallet in my front pocket, and had a small carrybag (my man purse as the wife described it), but this is essential for your camera/guidebooks/etc. I carried all of my wife's ID/ATM/C.C. in the wallet, and left our passports (carried hotel stamped photocopies around) in our room safe, but never felt unsafe for a moment, no matter how late or deep we explored even the Gothic area. We loved the rooftop pool for our late afternoon cool off. I didn't have any hassles bringing our own beer/wine up there, although you can order beer up from the lobby. Followed by a siesta, we enjoyed our dinner(s) (reservation recommended at Senyor Parellada), pub crawled, and even hit a club. If a Club is not your thing, The London Bar has live entertainment and Red Bull/Vodka to keep you going (on the Nou de la rambla on your walk back to the hotel). We loved Barcelona and will return. Just go, and remember to power through the groggy apres siesta feeling. Muchas Gracias T.A. (again)  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms Hotel rooms very comfortable. Higher floors have nice views, but not so lower down. Rooftop pool is small but wonderful. Great downtown location next to subway on a main street. If you like to walk everywhere this is not a super location as the neighborhood walking from hotel to the Ramblas is undesirable.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twofortravel
<Content>Nice hotel, but bring your reservation confirmation.... This is a modern hotel, that is located close to the Las Ramblas and the harbor area. Our room was spacious and nicely furnished. The staff was helpful, however we encountered a problem at checkout. We had booked the rooms to include breakfast through hotels.com, but the hotel charged us for breakfast. The desk clerk said they did not have a record that indicated breakfast was included and said they had experienced the same problems with guests who had made their reservations with hotel.com. The clerk asked for a printout of the email confirmation, but unfortunately, we did not have it. We paid the charges and are trying to resolve this problem with hotels.com.   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JJCH
<Content>Excellent Service We stayed here for 3 nights with a 16 month old baby and were a bit apprehensive about having a baby in a hotel room for 3 nights. The staff however could not have been more helpful with heating baby food etc. Apart from this the hotel is well situated close but not on Las Ramblas and is well within walking distance of most attractions. The roof top pool is a must to coll down in the evenings or to get the last bit of the sun.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandollar
<Content>Great short break hotel Just returned from 5 day break staying at the Barcelona Universal Hotel with 4 friends (all over 40!) Our rooms were spotlessly clean and staff were very friendly and helpful. We loved the substantial breakfast - chocolate cheesecake for breakfast was a first!On the roof there is a VERY small pool and a few loungers for relaxing after a long day sightseeing, with fabulous views of the city. Only 10 mins walk from Ramblas though the walk there seemed to pass the edge of the red light district but a metro station outside the front door made travel easy. We got 2 day tickets for the tourist bus which covers all the main attractions and gives you a book of tickets for discounted entrance to most museums and galleries. We had a brilliant time and would definately use this hotel again. We booked through octopus travel.com and got a good deal.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dubkeith
<Content>excellent hotel This is a great hotel, modern rooms, huge beds, our room was larger than average, with a walk-in area and great views.Nice bars and restaurants near the hotel which serve til 3am, a metro right outside, or if you prefer to walk, it's only 10 mins to the Ramblas.Rooftop pool area was nice with great views.Staff were very helpful and courteous.Pricewise, we felt guilty about paying so little - 100 Euro per room per night - that's how good this place is.Will definitely return.  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Universal at the beginning of May for 3 nights and loved it! The location is ideal - you literally walk out of the front door of the hotel and the metro station is at your feet. My only advice is to mind the hours of the metro, as the system in Barcelona seems to close earlier than other cities across Europe. The room was very nice - no view to speak of, but again, the location is unbeatable!! FYI - cab fare from the airport should run you about 15 euros - plus any extras for baggage and passengers (which the cab drivers in Barcelona are more than happy to tack onto your fare!!).  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Hotel! We stayed at this hotel after booking out of the absolutely disgraceful Millenium Best Western hotel just around the corner. It was as if we'd moved to a different planet in comparison. Clean, modern rooms, Aircon, pleasant, friendly staff.I highly recommend it, as for the Millenium - sleep in the street first!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>7 min to the ramblas and modern! Very modern and highly comfortable hotel. Only around 5 or 6 min walk to the Ramblas, and in case you feel lazy, it's literally 30 seconds from a convenient metro station called Parallel. The room was very modern and very clean. The front desk staff were incredibly helpful and multilingual!The only minor negative was that they wouldn't provide an iron to the room! They refused on 'safety' grounds, and asked us to use the rather expensive hotel ironing service. So - take a travel iron with you!!!  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katrinabull
<Content>Good location I stayed in this hotel after reading the reviews. I have just come back from three nights taking my mum and sister. They are very critical, so this is an honest review.Hotel - location: excellent, you can take a 10 minute walk to Las Ramblas, or the hotel is right outside the green line tube which can take you all over the city. Taxis are cheap anyway. Convenient to get to main train station to get to the airport too.standard: good, clean rooms - we wanted three single beds but had to share one double though but got a sofa bed made up. The beds were very comfortable. Great big bathroom with two showers!Staff: very friendly indeed, especailly bar staffFood: didn't want to eat at the hotel as breakfast was way over the top (i.e. expensive) - we walked two minutes to the left of the hotel to Cafe International and had some great, big breakfasts for only 5 euros. Much better value! Try and speak some some spanish with he waited though - they work very hard.The main road outside is very, very busy at night with traffic so you can't sleep with the window open but they have very good air-co anyway.I would stay again - but as I took my mum, I wanted a hotel that was slightly more expensive than I might usually choose..  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice clean hotel - great location Modern, clean, rooms are more than reasonable in size and equipment, stuff always willing to help. Breakfast is very good and rich, though service in dining room needs more help. Two internet stations on the 9'th floor are usually free. Subway station right at the hotel saves time and money.Dinner is great for a very reasonable price if you look for a quiet romantic one, that leads you straight to your room for further activities...We stayed for 6 nights and loved every minute.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giddyup_IRL
<Content>Great spot! Statyed here in September 2003. Great location...less than 10 minute walk to Las Ramblas. Metro right outside the door for anything further afield. Pool on roof is small but nice and the view is great. A little on the expensive side but worth it. Will stay again. Only problem was the UK Stag party that was there for the night of our stay. Not the hotels fault but it's obviously a popular spot.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel,Great location!!!   showReview(1727164, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carl_in_Cali
<Content>Did I stay at the same hotel as everyone else?   showReview(1725310, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great City Great Hotel   showReview(1721282, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lucis
<Content>Excellent except for one thing   showReview(1701314, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingeric78
<Content>roof pool.   showReview(1557936, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New and comfortable   showReview(1502869, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Loubyfish
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(1491297, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Universal in Barcelona!!!   showReview(1400762, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Position   showReview(1385340, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona visit - Hotel Universal Barcelona   showReview(1343565, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camere verso la strada molto...   showReview(22864162, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>orchidea_2
<Content>Molto disponibili   showReview(22633953, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super贸 mis expectativas, el...   showReview(20995582, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(20552693, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel id茅alement plac茅 et de bon standing   showReview(19630827, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci tornerei di corsa!!!!   showReview(19630826, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(19630824, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto bene   showReview(19630822, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si possible j'y retournerai   showReview(19630820, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto   showReview(19630817, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super bien, avec piscine et solarium en haut supers.   showReview(19630823, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel / espace piscine tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(19630821, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel in super Lage   showReview(19630819, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel mais bruyant   showReview(19630818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Besser geht nicht!   showReview(19630816, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, leider recht laut   showReview(18529087, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage   showReview(18529086, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel zu einem super Preis   showReview(18529089, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lautes Stadthotel in gutem Zustand   showReview(18529090, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>troppo bello e tranquilo   showReview(18529084, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Werde beim n盲chsten Mal auf jeden Fall wieder dieses Hotel buchen!   showReview(18529083, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambre sur l'avenue TROP BRUYANTE   showReview(18529085, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s confortable mais...   showReview(18411116, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚n, aber laut   showReview(17429313, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>comodissimo   showReview(17429312, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Victoriavisq
<Content>El peor servicio que he tenido en un Hotel   showReview(16632636, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17429311, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons d猫s que possible   showReview(16587350, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅 pour acc茅der aux bons coins de barcelone   showReview(16587348, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avevo richiesto il lettino...   showReview(16730819, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo   showReview(16587344, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute zentrale Lage und sehr guter Service!   showReview(16587343, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beaucoup trop bruyant   showReview(16587345, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s Bon Emplacement Bon Accueil et Bon S茅jour   showReview(16587347, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>De莽us   showReview(15566693, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Troppo rumoroso   showReview(15566692, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde es wieder w盲hlen   showReview(15566691, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15566685, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(15566684, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rden wir wieder buchen   showReview(14729643, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Optimales Hotel f眉r einen Barcelona-Urlaub   showReview(14729642, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Werde ich sicher wieder buchen   showReview(14729641, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(14729640, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons avec plaisir !!   showReview(14729639, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M枚chten bald wieder hin   showReview(14729638, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s belle situation   showReview(14729637, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>in diesem jahr kommen wir wieder   showReview(13974697, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(13974695, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons si l'occasion se pr茅sente   showReview(13974694, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>au secours le bruit !   showReview(13974692, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13974691, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchaus zufriedenstellend   showReview(13974690, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(13974689, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super   showReview(13974687, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dommage les murs trop fins.   showReview(13974684, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le sous marin   showReview(13974682, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(13974681, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci torneremo   showReview(13974683, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅, tr猫s propre.   showReview(13194741, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccellente - Hotel pulito e moderno   showReview(13194742, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13194740, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideales Hotel zur Erkundung Barcelonas zu Fu脽 und mit der Metro   showReview(11307869, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ALCUNI ADDETTI SIA ALLA...   showReview(11425757, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons si nous revenons 脿 Barcelone   showReview(11307864, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11307865, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11660468, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s pr猫s du m茅tro...   showReview(11425758, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11660467, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfait pour un s茅jour touristique, bien plac茅   showReview(11660464, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Inadmissible   showReview(11660463, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der beste Tip f眉r Barcelona   showReview(11660465, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Attenzione quando dovete...   showReview(12649488, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel id茅al sp茅ciale d茅couverte   showReview(11440278, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non vedo l'ora di tornarci   showReview(11440277, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ok Lage, gute Zimmer, unerfahrenes Personal   showReview(11440275, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres tres bon hotel qualit茅 top   showReview(11440274, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, ottima posizione...   showReview(12651020, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s correct - Parking tr猫s appr茅ciable   showReview(11491203, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅 mais bruyant   showReview(11429069, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel f眉r einen Kurzurlaub   showReview(11429068, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>G眉nstig gelegen   showReview(11403198, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sejour dedie 脿 Gaudi : tous les...   showReview(11425759, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima la posizione: 10 minuti...   showReview(11425760, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅!   showReview(11385017, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s confortable   showReview(11385016, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Appena fuori dai centri vitali...   showReview(11425761, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien pour d茅couvrir le centre de Barcelone   showReview(11373388, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon emplacement   showReview(11367397, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel bien situ茅e et tr猫s confortable   showReview(11367396, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mittelma   showReview(11348980, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11334003, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jott
<Content>gut gemachtes und gepflegtes Hotel im Preissegment bis 140 鈧?#x201d;       Blick von der Pool-Terrasse auf die Avenida Paral.lel  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel jedoch an lauter und vielbefahrener Stra脽e gelegen.   showReview(11332676, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Das perfekte Hotel f眉r den Citytrip   showReview(5431899, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ben collegato, fermata...   showReview(11425762, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚?#x201d;   showReview(19156428, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

