<Author>Herzog
<Content>Nice hotel, great location! Having browsed through several hotels and BBs in Barcelona, I decided to stay at the H10 Universitat. I arrived early in the morning and although I could not get my room until 11.30 am, the people at the front desk and the bell boy were very friendly, they offered to store my luggage immediately, offered me a cuo of coffee and gave me a city map if I wanted to visit the city centre.Although I booked a single room (normally with a back view), I was given a fair size front view room! The bathroom was enormous, about 1/3 of the room, stuffed with all the bare necessities a business traveller would look for. I have to agree with other people that the breakfast is very rich with lots of cereal, egg, fruit and bread choices.Overall, a great value for money hotel, at a great location.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScotGlasgow2008
<Content>Getting the right room is important My girlfriend and I booked a weekends stay for my birthday through a website that offered a romantic double package which included a bottle of cava, strawberries and chocolate, room service breakfast and a later check out time. All I can say is that we had a fantastic time in Barcelona; the service at this hotel was first class. The location really is very good; a two minute walk from La Rambla and the Hard Rock Cafe where we had dinner one night. The staff were helpful and friendly although there was a bit of a mix up with the bill at the end. I would say that requesting a larger room seems to be important. Our room (already listed in another review) was clean, spacious and modern with superb facilities; and a large bathroom sperated by a wall and a door! The air condtioning was a bit poor but then it was November and probably wasn't switched on centerally. The view from the small balcony was good and we were high up enough to avoid street noise; the only disturbance had was a large demonstration early evening which was not the hotel's fault. All in all a superb place for anyone visting the city....unless you want a swimming pool.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>GinaTyMee
<Content>Great Hotel, treat the staff with respect and you will get it returned I really appreciated the other reviews on this site and I requested an outer room with more space as I was staying a week whilst at a conference. I stayed in room 711 which was spacious, clean and well appointed with a sweet if slightly scary balcony.When I arrived, the guest in front of me was being quite rude to the staff on reception who were equally rude back. Though frosty at first I found that by being my usual friendly and polite self the receptionist recipricated and gave me a free upgrade to a double room and offered me champagne. The same theme continued throughout the week even down to the lovely woman who cleaned my room and carefully hung up or folded my clothes.The breakfast is amazing and varied and again if you are polite and friendly to the staff they will go the extra mile for you.Looking at the floorplan, the inner rooms are clearly tiny, less than half the size of the outer - if you really want to ensure you don't get one of these, email and ask politely for an outer room. The hotel is in an excellent location at the top of the Ramblas next to Catalunya Square.Best of luck.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JeannieBelfast
<Content>mounties on tour belfast We have just returned from a trip to Barcelona in a party of 7. We stayed at this hotel and from the moment we arrived we had nothing but first class service from all the staff. The staff comprised of quite a lot of young people and I can say they were helpful,friendly and polite at all times. The hotel itself was tastefully decorated, clean and comfortable. It's proximity to placa catalunya made touring the city easy. Transport is cheap and reliable, trains and buses leave and arrive on time, a pity it's not the same at home. I can safely recommend this hotel and Barcelona. Oh and by the way the breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Phil_123465
<Content>Superb! I booked the H10 as part of my girlfriend's 30th birthday present.I wanted it to be a special trip so emailed the hotel before we went to ask if we could have a bigger room.On arrival the reception staff gave us champagne and a warm welcome.Our room was excellent. 512 for those who are thinking of requesting. I travel quite a bit with work and have to say the breakfast at this hotel was one of the best I've ever experienced.The hotel is also in a brilliant location for all the sights.Summing up I'd strongly recommend the H10.The service throughout our 2 night stay was first class and when we return to Barcelona, we'll be staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PerthBrita
<Content>Closet Rooms On arrival we were greeted with champagne, that was probably to numb us for what awaited us when we went to our room. It was no bigger than a closet and claustraphobic with a tiny window opening to a dark airless internal shaft.We promptly complained and were told there was nothng that could be done as the hotel was full, so we demanded our money back as we were prepared to go in search of another hotel room ratjher than stay in this closet. On hearing this we were told that there was a room available but the people had still not checked out and we would have to wait for them to collect their luggage from the room. This was after 3pm.Two hours later we were told the people had checked out but the room needed to be cleaned. We had been sitting in reception all this time and had seen no one check out or collect luggage. Another three hour wait followed while the room was serviced and finally we were given a room at the back of the hotel. So in all from the time we arrived in Barcelona till the time we finally got our room it had been a wasted afternoon. They have a nerve charging people the same price for the closet room as for their normal sized rooms. The reception staff were not particularly helpful and downright unfriendly.Although we had little noise at the back of the hotel the rumbling of the metro every 10 minutes or so was very annoying.So fellow travellers when booking this hotel be very wary of the 4 internal rooms on each of the floors they are tiny and claustraphobic.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>truax78
<Content>Hotel is stealing my money I work for an airline and have traveled extensively. I've seen my share of hotels, some good and some bad. Generally, what sticks out in my mind when I am contemplating rebooking at a hotel is the type of service that the hotel provides.We arrived in Barcelona early on the morning of September 14th. We were on the last leg of a nine European trip. We originally scheduled to leave the hotel on the 17th, but we were hoping to leave one day early on the 16th as we were getting a little tired from our trip. We spoke with two people at the front desk. The second one assured us, that since they have a 24 hour cancel policy, it was OK that we canceled our room for the night of the 16th so we could leave a day early. We ended up leaving the hotel the morning of the 16th and returing to the U.S. Upon my return home, I realized that we were charged for all three nights. I have since contacted them several times and they are telling me that they can't (or won't) refund my money for the last night we canceled because neither of the people at the desk documented it. So, now they are just saying it is my word against theirs. At 145 Euro (roughly $210), this is no cheap mistake on their part. Yet, we are the only ones paying for it. Very disappointing!!!The hotel itself is pretty nice (great breakfast). Except, I do not recommend staying in the rooms that end with 10, as they are the small rooms that everybody is complaining about. It is just so frustrating that a nice European vacation had to end with some disappointment all because of the staff of a hotel!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>atholebrose
<Content>Location, Location, Location This hotel came as a recommendation from our travel agency rep. It ticked all the right boxes and lived well beyond our expectations. We requested a high floor overlooking the street and got it. Not a huge room, but ample with good bed, balcony and marble bathroom. Double glazed and good air conditioning made sleeping and relaxing worthwhile. Very clean and I would thoroughly recommend. Location 1 - very central for Barcelona city. Location 2 - perfect location for buses, metro and touristic buses (Placa de Catalunya). Location 3 - only 150 yards from La Rambla. The hotels own food was very good, plus plenty of good eating and variety of dining in close vicinity. Spent 4 days here prior to a cruise and only scratched the surface. We have other cities in Europe to visit before returning, but should the opportunity arise I shall have no hesitation in returning to H10 Universitat!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Flying_Kangaroo1
<Content>Rooms Tiny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is NOT a 4 * hotel- you get the impression the hotel was built with great quality but the operation is definitely 3 star. Stingy feeling. Its modern with great fixtures free internet but NO ROOM to place a suitcase. The bathroom is 1/3 size of the room!! Brekafst was great I have to say. What a let down the room size was..lets all the other positives fade away.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>idophir
<Content>Great place in a great location My wife and I stayed there for 4 nights. The hotel is new and stylish, the staff is very friendly and the breakfast buffet is very nice with a wide selection of foods.The hotel is in a great location, very close to two major metro stations and surrounded by nice restaurants and tapas bars.There are two minor glitches: (1) wireless connection does not reach all of the rooms. If you need it, ask for a room near the elevators where the access point is located; (2) the shower and toilet room is separated from the main room by an unsealed glass door, which may be awkward. I believe some of the rooms have a real door but I am not sure.Enjoy.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SannaTheNetherlands
<Content>Worst receptionists ever This hotel should not be awarded four stars. Yes, the rooms are flawless (if you are so lucky to be assigned a medium sized one: there are very small rooms too). Yes, breakfast is affluent and yes, the complete hotel decoration is beautiful and stylish. Its location is perfect. Staff is generally friendly and adequate. But the service at the reception desk is the worst I've ever had to deal with (and I've seen a lot of hotels, especially in Spain). At arrival we had to wait six hours for our room. Every time we were sent away given the promise that our room would certainly be ready within the next hour. Every time we returned, our room was still not cleaned. When we finally complained, instead of getting an apology, we were treated like small children. I don't have to mention that there was no champagne for us, although some other guests (how do they select them?) did get their glass. Yes, we were suitably dressed, yes we know how to behave. When leaving it was not possible to keep our room any longer (although no other guests were arriving). And finally they charged us 10 euro for calling a taxi. Leaving such a beautiful city, the reception desk of this hotel left us feeling quite uneasy.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>michih
<Content>Excellent choice in Barcelona Excellent location right at Las Ramblas and close to the metro station, helpfull and friendly staff, welcome champaign and cake in the evenining, free internet in the lobby.Stayed only one night, but we will return. Excellent breakfast!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tigerlight206
<Content>Beds made of stone? We stayed is some wonderful hotels during our three weeks in Europe, unfortunately this wasn't one of them. The Positives:Good location. Ecclectic Decor. The Negatives:1. The worst beds I've ever slept on in my life. I've stayed in probably 50 hotels, including a dozen across Europe where standards can vary. My whole body aches just thinking about how uncomfortable the bed was. We had two rooms with four twin beds, all four beds were equally awful. Hard, lumpy, mediocre linens, and a bedspread (no comforter) that I personally found abrasive - yes abrasive as in scratching me!2. The staff was lukewarm at best. When the internet wouldn't work they blamed it on the fact that I used an Apple... when in fact the problem was clearly network related and theirs. They also didn't have our room ready when promised, etc. 3. Rooms in general are spartan with weak air conditioning... very modern, so much as to be cold and charmless. Both of our rooms had major noise issues and paper thin walls. We could hear everythign going in adjacent rooms and even adjacent buildings (loud music, hammering, etc from the nearby apartments). The Positives:1. Good location - very near central sights, subway, etc. Overall I consider this the worst choice we made out of five hotels stayed in this past trip.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>BoarderX
<Content>I'm with the 86% Even though a few reviewers have commented on the mixed reviews here for this hotel, it just ain't true. 86% have ranked the H10 Universitat at least four out of five. Having now just stayed there, I totally agree.From the point of check-in in the very nice lobby, the well-staffed front desk with enthusiastic and multilingual staff, the quick glance into a chic but not overdone hotel restaurant, and, of course, the glass of champagne that comes with your room key, this hotel feels like a first-class property. The room was immaculate and completely modern and stylish, with all glass paneling separating the bedroom from the bathroom (don't worry, its frosted). While my single room was unsurprisingly quite small, the bathroom was American-sized with an unexpected large shower. My room was on the second floor facing the interior courtyard, but other than the constant drip of a water drain two floors down I wasn't bothered.The in-room free wireless Internet access was easily set up, reliable, and fast. Like many European hotels, the room's electrical power requires the room key to be slid into a slot, which makes it impossible to charge phones and iPods while you're out -- so you have to plan your overnight charging accordingly.The location of the H10 Universitat can't be beat, at the tip of La Rambla where several of Barcelona's coolest and most historic districts intersect. For LGBT travelers, it offers a great middle ground between the old city and the gayxample district.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>Ruby024
<Content>Great staff We have spent two nights at the H10 Universitat Hotel before leaving for a cruise. Our start was not good at all as our original booking was to the H10 Catalunya Plaza. At arrival we wore told that by their mistake we did not have a room, but instead we were 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to the very near hotel from the same chain: the H10 Universitat Hotel.After check-in at the new hotel we find the room (105 ) extremely small, with not enough space even to open our luggage, no views and, the worst, extraordinary hot as we had ever seen before ! Even the walls were hot if you touch them, most possible due to a near kitchen or the hot water hotel鈥檚 system and a bad isolation. We could almost not breathe inside even opening the window.After complain to the receptionist, we were quickly changed to a new room. This time an very good one on the 5th floor (511).After this minor incident we find the hotel extremely good, with a highly professional as pleasant staff. The people from the reception could not be nicer to all guests.The breakfast was really great with a good variety of choices. The room was very well designed with a good bathroom always spotless clean. The situation could not be better so near the Ramblas and the Bairro Gotico. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>david041
<Content>First class hotel in Barcelona We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights prior to cruising the Med. This has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in, due to staff friendliness, cleanliness, room sizes and brilliant meals. They also allowed us to leave all our luggage with them on return from the cruise for a full day safe and secure. It is very central, just around 50 yards off Las Ramblas. Brilliant!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpktrk
<Content>Fantastic Location and Very Contemporary Modern Hotel - Loved It! Wasn't sure what to expect based on the mixed reviews - so we emailed the hotel and requested a large, modern room near the top of hotel (good for views  noise) and this is exactly what we got - ask for room 702 - its great! Although we did ask for a Double and got a twin, but as the room was so nice, we just pushed the beds together and actually caught up on some sleep too!Great location is an understatement - just off Playa de Catalunya and the Ramblas and just a few minutes walk from everything including the Airport Bus stop (just aim for top left corner of square!).Really easy to get around and the architecture is beautiful - better than expected. We did the tourist bus on the first day (red route is best) so it gave us our bearings and highlighted the tourist bits. Then the following days we just caught the Metro everywhere as its so easy and cheap and you can go whereever you wish.Park Guell and sagrada familia are defintely worth a visit and do the guided tour in the Sagrada, as you find out alot more than just walking around it. Also did the inside of La Pedras/Casa Mila, which if your a Gaudi fan, is worth it. The walk up to Park Guell is worth it, as you have great views and great scenery too.Have fun and would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Kev-Julie
<Content>Ideal Location Stayed here for 3 nights and although the room was small it was spotlessly clean with all modern fittings. The one downside was that the wardrobe space was tiny, but the staff and the breakfast made up for it. The breakfast was very good and better than we have experienced in other city centre hotels.The hotel was ideally situated just off the top of La Ramblas and close to the metro, tourist bus and local buses ( about 3 minutes walk ) There really is plenty to see and do in Barcelona and this H10 hotel is a lovely hotel to stay in.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaisleyScotlandGeo
<Content>THE BARMAN (NAMED WAN) BADLY NEEDED SOME MANNERS. Hotel in great location  Breakfast very good.Rooms a little small but very comfortable .Mini bar fridge was not working ,but reception got it fixed no problemThe lad dani at reception was 1st classHe couldnt do enough to help you,but shame about the barman named wan who is in the wrong job as his service  p.r. was appalling.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>marrianne
<Content>ok for a prison cell we stayed at the h10 universitat for one night and having read mixed reviews i did email the hotel to ask if we could possible have a room on a higher floor facing front. I was encouraged when i received back a very nice email saying they would take my request in to account and do their best.We did book a double room for 2 people i made sure of this as i had noted some people have previous said they booked single rooms for 2.We did get a good price this seemed to be due to a promotional deal so i didn't worry as other comments have also stated they got good prices and were very happy with their room.We arrived quite late in the evening and were pleasantly greeted with a glass of cava given our room keys all very efficient.Our room 210 was indeed on a higher floor but on opening the door proved to be a shock. I have seen bigger boxrooms. it did have a double bed but the room was so small 2 people couldn't even pass each to walk around. We had nowhere to put our suitcases other than to push them to one side close the room door and put them back in front of the door. The room was so small we felt like we were in a prison cell not the hotel room we had expected. Also the bed was the hardest i have ever slept in or not slept .We returned to the reception desk to ask to be moved to a bigger room as in our opinion the room was only suitable for a single traveller. They agreed the room was indeed very small but could nothing to help us as the hotel was full.We were only too glad we had only booked for one night as there was no was we could have stayed longer.Its a great shame the hotel feels it needs to maximise it's bookings to the extent of upsetting customers so they feel even though the location, breakfast and general decor was very nice they would not dare to return for fear of a repeat performance.We did note that the bathroom set up ie:- toothbrushes etc:- were indeed set for only one person. so i would question why?.I booked our hotel room about 3 months before our travel date so i can only assume it was felt as we were only staying for one night it didn't matter where they put us. Well it should always matter as regular visitors to barcelona we will not be returning to the h10 and i would not recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pippinraimham
<Content>BRILL HOTEL Booked with Alpha rooms on the net, about 130 pound oer night over May bank holiday weekend. Been to Barcelona before and this hotel was fab!. Great location, a stone throw from las Ramblas, shops and bars all around hotel. Very modern hotel, good rooms, sleek reception. Glass of champers on arrival. Staff great. Could not fault at all  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brit_girl_ldn
<Content>The best place to stay in Barcelona! I booked this hotel through Octopustravel and got a great deal! This was my first holiday away with my sister without our parents and to celebrate her 21st birthday. The location of the hotel is just 5 mins walk from the drop off point of the bus stop and 5 mins from La Rambla. I might go to barcelona again this year and will definately be looking to book this hotel again.I read previous bad reviews and laughed.... of course a single room will be too small for 2 people- book a double or twin room as I did and enjoy a large comfortable room, with fab bathroom facilities and aircon to use freely during those hot nights! Also, if you want your room to be cleaned or wine glasses changed then just put the sign on the door which clearly asks the maids to clean your room for you- when you get back EVERYTHING will be cleaned! Tip: find the nearest local shops and stock up on water and snacks if you are there during the summer- what my sister and I did was empty the goods from our rooms mini bar every night (leaving them on the desk next to the fridge), put our stuff in there overnight, then brought them along with us the next day! -oh just remember to put all the unused mini bar items back afterwards otherwise you will be charged! Also, feel free to accept the glass of champagne they offer you on your arrival and relax during breakfast- there is a wide selection of yummy hot and cold foods and if you want tea, just request from the waiter and he or she will bring it to you as you seat. So definately just praises from me- a great site to explore barca, great room, friendly staff and memories that will keep you wanting to come back! all this and the beach is just a short metro ride away! :) Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fluffypeg
<Content>Great Stay       Great shower!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TazHousehold
<Content>Great Location Very Accomodating - Recommend Great Location next to two train stops - Universitat and Placa Catalunya (Plah-sah Cat-a-lawnya). Barcelona is a wonderful, vibrant, and exciting town. We were there for a short trip, but we really enjoyed our stay. I would definitely recommend the hotel. We paid about $100/nt. But after looking just today at a couple dates, the rooms seem to be running the $200/nt range. I was just happy to find a decent room that was under $300/nt at the end of December, which was a definite feat..2-star hotels in decent areas were averaging $300/nt during that time, but after reading all the reviews for the H10 on TripAdvisor and elsewhere, I felt confident that the room would be great at the $100/nt price as long as we weren't in one of their known very small rooms.I emailed H10 Universitat to confirm that the room was paid for at the wonderful price I found, since I couldn't find that price even close on their website. I also emailed them to request one of the known larger rooms. We were accomodated very nicely. I believe we received one of the largest rooms for their hotel. I believe it was 712. Far enough away from the passing subway underneath the hotel.We received a complimentary glass of Cava upon check-in, and we also had access to the breakfast buffet - which was pretty good. One caveat about the breakfast buffet. On the day of our check-out, they wanted to charge us for the breakfast, but that makes no sense. Your check in time at 3pm doesn't allow you to take advantage of the breakfast buffet so you miss this day, but you expect to have it the day of your departure. After explanation, we did receive the breakfast free - although I didn't eat it because I had lost my appetite.Our room had a nice balcony, and we would leave the door open to hear the sounds of the city. The street is busy below, but we weren't in our room much. The room was very clean, and had the proper storage and amenities. I don't believe we did get the hot tea service to work, but again, it was a short stay, so we didn't request it to be fixed during our stay.The weird thing was the shower/tub had half a glass door so water would splash outside the tub onto the floor. I was prepared for this in previous reviews, and it was definitely manageable with a quick swipe of a dry towel. I just don't get the weird shower door.Overall, I would recommend the H10 Universitat without hesitation. I don't know what similar hotels are priced during a normal season, so I can't compare. I'd say if you can get the room for less than $150, you might be doing good. The ease of access to everything was spectacular.As long as you are up to walking (and I have a bad knee), you can pretty much stay anywhere and enjoy being in that part of town as each part of town has an interesting flair about it. It doesn't take long to get to anywhere in Barcelona either by walking or taking the metro.We definitely want to go to Barcelona again...our earlier layover was in New York, and Barcelona blows New York away.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Hakan99
<Content>Clean, Good Located, Small       Bathroom is very clean and new with marbles  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Peter&Ann
<Content>Good hotel in great location. My wife and I stayed for 3 nights in early Feb 08, booked on the H10 website and paid 鈧?11 per night BB. Taking the advice of a previous reviewer, I included a request for a street-facing room on an upper floor - which we got.The hotel is very well located, only about 100m from Plaza Catalunya. Our room was clean, comfortable and reasonably spacious. Everything worked satisfactorily. It鈥檚 a busy street and the noise level is high with the window open, but no problem with it closed.Breakfast in the basement dining-room was an excellent buffet selection, with plenty of hot and cold options. Well worth taking as part of a package. We didn鈥檛 have lunch or dinner in the hotel.Two free internet terminals in the foyer, adjacent to the bar. The bar is a bit lacking in ambience, and customers, though the bar-man was friendly and the drink was reasonably priced. Some free snacks are available there in the afternoon.Generally, staff were friendly and helpful and most spoke good English.My only 鈥渃omplaint鈥?is the quality of internal sound-proofing. We were there on 鈥淪uper Tuesday鈥?(the US primaries) and I found myself listening to the CNN coverage, as the guy in the next room had the tv on till 4-5am. Occasional noises from corridors and other rooms could also be clearly heard, but thankfully nothing too sustained and intrusive. But you could be unlucky with your neighbours and that can be very irritating.Overall, an excellent hotel at the price, we鈥檇 certainly be happy to stay there again.Eating out: Senyor Parellada, C. de la Argentaria, is worth a visit - nice ambience, good food, not too expensive. The hard to find Caf茅 de L鈥橝cademia, off C. de Jaume 1, is worth finding. Excellent food. Flamant, on C. d鈥橢nrique Grandos, is a nice place for lunch or dinner, very affordable, nice bistro ambience, ok food.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ReadyToGo
<Content>Stay at this hotel! Just returned from 5 nights at H10 Universitat and loved it! Even stayed an extra night.If you are not fluent in Spanish -- stay here, the front desk staff is incredibly helpful.The room is clean and modern. The location is great for walking and the Metro. The staff is VERY helpful with anything from directions to restaurant reservations.There is free use of the internet conveniently located in the lobby. Enjoy a coffee or drink from the lobby lounge while watching futbol on the lounge wide screen TV.I loved it here!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelingbaggage
<Content>Uncomfortable and crammed We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights (Jan1 to Jan4, 08). The location of the hotel is superb, right around the corner from La Rambla  the Metro. We booked a single room for two people. When we arrived, we were brought into a tiny room with 1 twin size bed. When we saw this we immediately asked if we could have at least a bed big enough to fit 2 people. The staff was nice and courteous, they did put us in a different, same size room but with a bed big enough to fit 2 people. The room itself was absolutely tiny. We had no space to open our luggage. In order to walk around the bed we had to jump over our luggage. The room itself was very modern and done with taste. The door to the bathroom was a swinging, frosted glass door which looks cool but provided little to no privacy. As far as comfort goes, this hotel definitely lacked in. The 4 nights of stay was not as comfortable as I would've liked.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>fg31
<Content>Great hotel!! Group of us stayed at H10 Universitat for 3 nights for New Year. We couldn't have asked for more! Great value (about 拢40 per person per night) for a modern, funky hotel in a fantastic location (just off the Placa de Catalunya and Las Ramblas).Cava and nibbles on arrival. Very friendly and helpful staff on reception who made some good recommendations for restaurants and drinking establishments! Large room with modern decor and a superb shower. We asked for higher level rooms and our request was granted! Breakfast was of a high standard with great variety and perfect runny fried eggs!! The bar was cheap as chips; by far the cheapest rounds of drinks we had in all the bars we visited in Barcelona. Would certainly return to this hotel and would highly recommend to others.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marie-rhind
<Content>comfortable hotel if you get the right room! We stayed at the H10 Universitat last weekend (1st dec-4th dec) and had requested a high floor overlooking the street. When we arrived our room wasn't ready but it wasn't too big a deal as we were early so had to wait about half hour. Were first offered room 208 but didn't want to be on a low floor so we were offered one on the 7th floor but it was a room at the back (705). The room was okay, beds were a bit uncomfortable and i don't think i could have slept in it for more than 3 nights. The room had the bathroom in the corner with frosted glass door. It was a bit different to what we're used to and don't think i'll be installing frosted glass at home anytime soon!!The breakfast was adequate and you could have a choice of cereals, fruit, juice, toast, cold meats, cheese or the full english.We took advantage of the free internet in the lobby, the free snacks in the afternoons and enjoyed the free cava at reception when we arrived, although i did have to ask for it as it wasn't forthcoming.The best thing about the hotel was the location and for the price we paid (339 Euros for 3 nights including breakfast) it was a really good deal. We didn't have any problems with pickpockets whilst there even though it was our biggest worry about going to Barcelona after all the horror stories we had read. Hubby used a discreet money pouch and didn't carry a wallet. I carried my camera all round the city but didn't take my hand off the bag and was constantly on alert, more so than anywhere in the world i've ever been.Would we stay again? Possibly not, but we will probably visit Barcelona again at some time in the future.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>M&SSurrey
<Content>Nothing wrong with the hotel but its not a 4star My husband and I stayed in this hotel after reading some of the reviews on this site. Just before we left I logged onto the .co.uk site and the reviews were awful which meant we left the UK with a feeling of dread! I am pleased to say that there was nothing majorly wrong with the hotel, although it is clearly a budget hotel and not the 4stars it is rated on Expedia.The location is perfect, everything you need is right on your doorstep. The hotel itself was clean and modern, the rooms were a little on the small side but thats only expected in a city. (Tip - email the hotel the day before and ask them for a street facing room on one of the higher floors). The service was the only thing letting the hotel down. On our first night it took nearly half an hour for us to order a bottle of wine!!!!! The maid also failed to replace the glasses we used in our room for the duration of out trip. If you are on a budget and get a good rate for this hotel then I do not think you will be disapointed. If you are looking for something special then I would suggest you look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>CatalinaAdriana
<Content>Superb hotel and location       View from the room towards Plaza Catalunya and El Corte Ingles mall  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aih12345
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! A fantastically located hotel in the heart of a beautiful city! Upon arrival we were offered a welcome glass of champagne - always a bonus! The hotel is located approx 200m from the bustling Plaza de Catalunya and La Rambla, a brilliant central base for your trip to Barcelona. Metro stations, bus stops and tourist attractions are all within easy walking distance. I would agree with the reviewer who suggested requesting a room on 5th floor or above which faces the main Ronda de la Universitat - these rooms have balconies and appear to be bigger than the internal rooms. We were in room 501 which was great, however I would say that if you have noisy neighbours (which unfortunately we did for 2 out of our 3 nights), the noise travels slightly. The staff were very friendly and were helpful in suggesting places to eat, where to get the metro to and from etc. I would most definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Alison15
<Content>Great Hotel - Brilliant Location - Lovely People       iew from Balcony to Plaza Cataluna  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelAddict0101
<Content>LOVED this hotel       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>merciless
<Content>Great Hotel There were five of us in the group and was a bit anxious when we arrived because of some of the reviews on the hotel. The hotel room was excellent - large and spacious with modern theme. Breakfast was excellent - wide variety of items both western and mediterranean. Location was right in the middle of the city - close to Las Ramblas and shopping areas. The hotel staff was very helpful and courteous.Suggest that you eat at Cellar Tapas (5 minutes from hotel) recommended by the hotel and with hotel priviliges you will get a free drink at the restaurant.Best deal is to book a city tour for 19 euro one day or 22 euro for two days and you can get off and on as many times as you wish.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>citybreak00
<Content>Oh Please dont do this to yourself How can they call themselves a 4 star hotel. The h10 group who own this hotel should be ashamed of themselves. I have read the reviews both good and bad, but please dont waste your money on this hotel. people in previous reviews have mentioned the paper thin walls and noise, the very small rooms etc. This is all so true, you will be subjected to excessive noise at all times of the day and night. The rooms are dirty and not cleaned properly. The management are never seen and this shows in the way staff conduct themselves, they are mostly polite but it is plain to see they have no direction from a management team in conducting their jobs properly and this can be seen from front desk to the kitchens to cleaning of the rooms.At breakfast one morning the poor chap sitting on the opposite table had a tablespoon of crushed glass in his his breakfast cereal the staff really could not of cared less. This hotel is truly appalling, please do not pay good money and subject yourself or your loved ones to such a shameful place.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Howford
<Content>Not 4 star The location of this hotel is excellent, the breakfast was good and the staff were polite. However, our room was tiny - not enough room for two people to pass. It felt very claustrophobic and although we had only a small amount of luggage, we struggled to find places to put our things. On the Sunday morning there was no hot water for a shower and we had to wait until later in the day. Also, on the Sunday when we returned at three o'clock in the afternoon to have a shower, the room had not been serviced. I feel that this hotel should not be described as 4 star.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>travelbluey
<Content>Great looks, bad quality/plumbing/paper-thin walls The hotel looks great and has the feel of a 4 star when you enter the lobby. Clean and modern looking.....but the good stuff ends here.We had a myriad of plumbing issues in our room, the shower was leaking like crazy, took them 2 days to fix. The toilet would stop filling.....took them 1 day to fix. On the 3rd day the bathroom roof started leaking....not sure if this was a one off, but it seemed to us like the hotel was only a 3 start quality not 4.Also, way too expensive for the value. The walls were very very thin.....and we are sound sleepers, but u could hear each time any rooms opened, etc, and the train which is not too close shook the whole place when it passed by.Overall, the stay was okay, we just expected a lot more for the money we paid.The breakfast in the basement was alright, but the service was very prude.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>BornwithPassport
<Content>Great Hotel - only if you book the right room!       View from 711 - one block from Placa Cataluyna  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>rockon
<Content>Total NIGHTMARE!!!! The only good thing about H10 Universitat is the location, very close to the center of Barcelona and, maybe the A/C, abolutely noiseless. I spend 5 nights in this hotel and I founded it absoluted horror. Next to the hotel is a building under construction and from 8 AM till 5 PM you can hear workers knocking with hammers on the walls or making holes with their drilling machines. Wanna take a nap in the afternoon? No way! First night my wife and I stayed in a room (507) facing the interior court. It was the smallest room I ever seen. Practicaly, if the bed was a little bit closer you couldn't open the room's door. The sink was directly in the room, separeted from the shower and toillet. There is no tub. All the windows could be oppened only from down to up, not in the normal way. The closet was absolutely useless, beeing very, very small. The receptionist told us that is a bigger, quiet room. We try to sleep with all the windows open but fom the outside came a enoyng noise from the A/C and a powrfull smell of garlic, I don't know where from. The walls of the room are probably made of paper, I could hear very well a man next to our room snoring, and all the conversation from the lobby. Next day we changed the room with an other one facing the main street (511). It was a little bigger and has the sink, the tollet and the shower (with tub) completly separted from the room. Same problems with the closet, the walls and everything else. There's a little bit street noise in the night so you can sleep quite well. I read that many people enjoy breakfast, but is far from fantastic. Two years ago we spend two nights in a 2 star hotel in Madrid, and there's no diffrence regarding breakfast. Is a quite normal one. The only bad thing is that you have to stay in line untill a waitter came to you and ask you the room number and then he or she show you the table where to stay. The restaurant is divided in two rooms: one is the waitting room and the other is dining room. The funny thing is that the waitting room is almost bigger than the other so is a little bit stupid to put people on wait. Anyway, I definetly NOT recomanded this hotel to anybody, especialy for the money you have to pay per night.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GArmianov
<Content>worst experience ever This was the worst experience we have had in any hotel. The room is really ridiculously small. There is barely room for the queen bed and night-stands. No room for the luggage. Fortunately, ours were small and we managed to show them under the bed. Although with modern design, the room looked worn off. Haven't been given a lift off for some time.That however turned to be the least of the problems. The maid service was mediocre. All they did was to make the bed. didn't touch even the towels in the washroom, not to mention cleaning up. The works experience however came during the last night we stayed there. Suddenly the cold water stopped and only a boiling hot water was running. Even the flush was using hot water. We couldn't shower and the toilet felt as if it is going to explode. A call to the reception got me just one unconvincing I am sorry, I will send somebody up sometime in the morning. Well, we had no choice but to use more eau the toilet and keep packing. Then, at 5am we got our wake-up call and information that our taxi for the airport is already waiting downstairs with running meter. When we called the elevator, nothing happened. Turns out, the elevator was broken and nobody cared to inform us or to come up to the eight floor to help with the luggage. We had to drag it all the way down by ourselves and when we got in the taxi, the meter was showing already 10 Euro while the standard fare to the Airport is about 25 Euro.My complains at the reception were answered with the same bored and uninterested I am sorry and I was told that this is the service I should be expecting in a normal hotel.I would never return to this place.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	5	1	1	2	

<Author>synnove
<Content>Wonderful hotel in excellent location       pic 4 of room  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>chariot
<Content>Brilliant hotel, great value, excellent location Background -I stayed here with my husband for 2 nights for a 30th birthday trip with 2 friends. We booked with ebookers.co.uk for 2 double rooms. We had a great stay here, nothing to complain about and loved the hotel - we will definitely stay here again the next time we go to Barcelona.Points to note:The price for this 4 star hotel was cheaper than staying at the 3 star H10 Cataluyna Plaza and is literally 1 minute walk away - you can see the Cataluyna Plaza from the hotel.We stayed in rooms 105 and 108 which were a good size and on the first floor at the back of the hotel. They were clean and well furnished. We also had french doors which led to a terrace with a separate area for our room (bistro table and chairs) and also loungers for all four rooms leading out to the terrace. You could hear/feel the rumble from the metro but it was very faint and didn't wake us up.There was a free safe in the room with a key code lock - very convenient. We had cava on arrival, there is free internet in the lobby and snacks near the bar. The drinks in the bar are reasonable prices too. The staff on reception spoke good english were very helpful - even getting us an iron and ironing board straight away when we needed one. We were able to leave our bags after checking out in a locked room.Tips:If flying to BCN, get the A1 Aerobus for 3.90 euros - takes you straight to Cataluyna PlazaTry the Milano Cocktail bar, a few doors down from the hotel - great cocktails made properly in a great settingFor an absolutely amazing Thai meal, try Matsuri in the Gothic Quarter (Barri Gotic) - very reasonable prices and out of this world food.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelogueGlasgow
<Content>The real truth about the H10 Universitat       Cupboard 310  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rgs408
<Content>Great location; somewhat noisy A friend and I stayed here one night pre-cruise and two nights post-cruise. Overall, the hotel was wonderful. Staff was friendly and always willing to speak English. We requested a larger room on a high floor and were given one both times (5th floor and then 6th floor). Location is terrific, ideal for exploring Barcelona. My only complaint was the noise. You could hear the metro running, but worse than that was the noise from other rooms. One night a very loud (seemingly very drunk) couple came in the room next to ours and proceeded to have lively conversations for well over an hour. About half an hour into it, we called reception (around 11pm) but nothing was ever done about the problem. Also, a minor mishap on another night occurred when the hotel assigned the same room to another couple (luckily we had used the deadbolt so they were unable to get in).Again, overall experience was good; just a couple complaints. If you're able to go to sleep (and stay asleep) very easily, this is the place to be!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>JimmyandHeather
<Content>Perfect Location We flew into Girona on Ryanair and got a bus into Barcelona which cost about 20 Euro return and the journey lasted an hour. We then took a cab from the central bus station to the hotel which cost about 12 euro.The H10 Universitat is a nice hotel and when we booked it was considerably cheaper than the H10 Catalunya which can charge more because it鈥檚 in Catalunya Plaza but if the truth be known they are about a minutes walk apart.From the front door of the H10 Universitat to the top of La Rambla is no more than a five minute walk and so the location is excellent. The staff are friendly and we requested a quiet room and got one around the back and so we had no real view but we could not hear any noise at all from the busy street at the front.The rooms are small for a 4 star but they are well equipped but not too well sound proofed as we found on our third night when a German couple had a drunken domestic at 4 in the morning (sounded like she was right!!!) and we could not tell if the racket was coming from next door, above us or below us. But other than that 10 minute interlude we heard nothing from our neighbours. Breakfast was good and we never had to queue. Barcelona is a great city but be prepared to do everything about two hours later than you normally would at home. It鈥檚 a bit pricey for pavement caf茅 eating and drinking (which Euro city isn鈥檛 ??) but the best paella and sangria deals etc can be found at lunchtime rather than in the evening when popular places can become very busy. The Nou Camp is a must as is the Sagrada Familia. The panoramic city views from either the Castle at Montjuic or The Church at Tibidabo are also well worthwhile. Art lovers might venture to the over rated Picasso Museum.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lm1309
<Content>Great Hotel H10 is fantastic, We only stayed for one night, because we were taking a cruise. Wished we could have stayed longer. Great service. Modern and clean rooms. Airport bus dropped us off just one block away from hotel. One block away from Placa Catalunia and Ramblas. Worth every cent ! Would stay again and would tell others to stay.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TravellingBegg
<Content>Great H10 Universitat Hotel The flight: We flew with flyglobespan and the flight was flawless.The hotel was gorgeous and was so clean. Check in was easy and we even got welcome cava. The room: Was spacious, clean and had a lovely wee balcony.The Food: We didn鈥檛 eat in the restaurant, but the breakfasts were fantastic.Location: The hotel is so central and easy walking distance to everything. Yet the surroundings are fairly quite.Will definitely go back here.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MAD&Dib
<Content>Great location near La Ramblas and other attractions...       Loby  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hulasticks
<Content>Fantastic Location We found the H10 Universitat to be a clean pleasant hotel in a fantastic location. The Rambles and Placa Catalunya, along with the Bus Turistic (a must to appreciate all the sites of Barcelona) are all less than 5 mins away. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and allowed us to store our luggage on the final day, whilst we were out. Our room was on the sixth floor and was really small, but it was perfect for a couple who only used it to wash and sleep. The bathroom was large in comparison to the room and had a fabulous power shower. A point here is that the bedroom and bathroom are separated by a frosted glass wall so all the sounds of the bathroom can be heard in the bedroom. You need to be comfortable with your partner!!!We only had breakfast once and although there was a great deal of choice it was very expensive (37 Euros for 2 people). I would recommend going out for breakfast, there are plenty of cafes around. Overall the hotel was excellent, pleasant staff, clean and welcoming lobby/bar area and I can't help but mention the fabulous location again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moty
<Content>Exellent hotel,Best hotel stuff,best food,best location We had a great time in this hotel. great food,very nice rooms we had the street front on the 6th floor.the hotel has a deal with a car parking near by.Location is near th the main attractions of barcelona.Catalunya circle,universitat circle,Gaudy's houses and more.we asked for 2 rooms with a connecting door on a high floor and front to the street. we have got as we asked. modern decorating big rooms,excellent beds, fully equipped bathrooms.Barcelona is a great place to visit and H10 hotel universitat is a great place to stay!we will come again for sure.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xpatik
<Content>Great Location - Nice Hotel! A group of 8 friends arrived to H10 Universitat on 3rd August and stayed there for 4 nights.We booked 4 double rooms via the internet with just 2 e-mails where i've asked for big rooms to upper floors.Rooms were given to us at 14:00 after a welcome glass of cava. All of them where big but located to floors 2,3 and 5 two of them with a front view. They kindly apologized for that but it was not a problem except from the fact that you could hear the train coming under the bulding.(Not a big problem, you easily get used to).The rooms were very clean, the room service very good and everyone with a smile to face ready to serve you. I was waited for a king's breakfast regarding some of the comments but it was just a full average buisness hotel breakfast that covers most of the usual needs.But the graet weapon of Universitat is location. Close to everything, nearby two main undergroun stops (Catalunya, Universitat), right to the heart of the city day and night.In general H10 Universitat is a great 4**** hotel, buisness to size but luxry regarding location and value for money.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>magpie21
<Content>A Gem of Barcelona My wife and I stayed in the H10 Universitat for 5 days during the end of july 2007. After much exploring ,this hotel appeared to have the least adverse remarks. Comments were made about various rooms and sizes. I booked through Hotelopia , I asked for a large outside room with bath and shower on floor 4 or above and received a very good deal. On arrival we were greeted with a glass of Cavas and a delightful attitude.Apologies were made that the floor requested was not available but we were allocated an excellent large room with bath and shower on floor 2. The general standard of the hotel is first class, the bedroom was of the highest standard (comments regarding the glass doors to bathroom and lack of privacy are unfounded) the bathroom does have a glass door but is totally opaque. The breakfast gives the most expansive choice I have ever seen in any hotel. Coming back on an afternoon there is a selection of tit-bits to eat available in the bar together with water and hot drinks. The position of the hotel is excellent and is just 500 metres from Las Ranbles which means there is no problems with noise.Overall this is the best value for money hotel I have stayed in. The decor is fresh and modern, the staff are efficient but cheerful, the rooms first class with a daily change of linen and the breakfast is out of this world and includes a full grill if this is your fancy. This hotel must be the gem of Barcelona.Just a little tip, the taxi fare from the hotel is more than 30 euro, the airport bus is 3.75. This hotel is 500 metres from Place Catalunya, the terminus for the bus. We paid for a taxi (33 euro) which includes a airport surcharge. My advice is take the bus, (we did on return and it only takes 20 mins from Catalunya Place) and if you have difficulty finding your hotel, then take a taxi from Catalunya place. But take my advice ,use the the H10 Universitat and enjoy a wonderful city from a gem of hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bav92
<Content>the best hotel me amd my wife stayed in barca from 16th to 20th of july. the hotel was suberb. we stayed in room 512 and it was a good choice. the breakfast was very good but the best of this hotel is its position in the centre of the city. the reception was really really good and in general the next time we will be in barca we will stay in this hotel again without hesitation. the town is wonderful but a little bit expensive and the picasso museum is a disappointment DONT GO. the magic fountain in montjuic is really very very good  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveltortoise
<Content>Still great value Return visit still found the staff as helpful as ever, love this hotel and have been back many times. never had an issue with room size. Only slight dissapointment was the breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clouisep
<Content>A bit disappointed with Barcelona... Where to begin??....we had some issues with H10 Universitat, not necessarily the fault of the hotel staff, but things were not as we expected. Having a rental car we approached the hotel on the street and found there to be nowhere to park our car and unload our luggage, except for the very busy Taxi/Bus lane. After a record unload time of 1 minute, my husband drove around looking for a parking garage while I checked in. Luckily, there was a garage relatively close, but not associated with the hotel.The hotel accomodated my request of being on the 4th floor or higher, as I have read on Trip Advisor. We were given room 608 which was a middle room - where the window look into some type of elevator shaft-ish opening. We were not offered any cava or snacks like the previous reviewers upon check in. The room was so small, we had to keep one of our suitcases in the bathroom and the other in the bedroom. The closet was really of no use as it was so tiny. We wondered why the bathroom was so humongous at the expense of the living area where they jammed in a king size bed. The bed pillow spanned the entire width of the bed, and there was only one...this I named the siamese pillow as we both tried to get the proper placement for sleeping. That was something I'd never experienced. The mattress was also quite hard. The water pressure in the shower was excellent (we did not have a tub) and as the other reviewers stated, the bathroom was in the room separated by a wall of frosted glass.The A/C was lacking power and one of the vents had some very disturbing looking black mold/soot/etc....that made you wonder if it was toxic. The one highlight was the wonderful breakfast buffet that was included in our room rate. One of the best buffets we have ever seen - and everything very tasty. Service was excellent as well.Also, the free internet access in the business center was most appreciated.We chose H10 Universitat for it's close proximity to Las Ramblas, which is definitely true, and also to the Metro at Plaza Catalunya. Compared to our experiences at other Spain hotels, this one just didn't measure up.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>ukx0101
<Content>Excellant Hotel I joined the H10 club before I travelled free of charge. When we arrived, we seemed to get a few little extras. Whether that was because I was a member of H10, who knows. Check in was good taking about 10 minutes. The receptionist offered us a glass of champagne and explained all about the hotels facility. Our room was on the 5th Floor and overlooked the main street. The beds were comfortable and the room was really clean. The bathroom was good but be careful of the amount of water that can spill out whilst having a shower. The mini bar was well stocked and really reasonable.Later in the evening we got some slippers and a chocolate cake delivered to the room - nice touch!The breakfast service was very good although the food wasn't the best I've ever had but there was plenty to fill up on. What you have to remember is I am really fussy with food so to the average Joe Bloggs, it's probably really good! The reception staff can offer you advice on the city and have maps available etc. Any questions, just email me.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>L8H
<Content>Great - once again! We had previously stayed at this hotel and had no hesitation in going back there. I love the little attention to detail at this property, like the glass of Cava and nibles offered to you after checking in, the free internet access and the complimentry snacks and water laid on all afternoon. We stayed in a larger room this time at the front of the property on the 5th floor. Noise was not an issue. It seems the hotel has two normal room types, 1 with a bathroom partially in the room with a glass wall seperating it, which I think is quite quirky, and the traditional style with a seperate bathroom area. We have now stayed in both and both are decent enough sizes for two adults, the latter being the slightly larger. Staff were very helpful, always smiling and always greeting you with ola as you work into the hotel. My wife is returning in 4 weeks with some friends and has booked a junior suite for the three of them which was really good value, all reserved by the helpful reception staff. Good value, good location, you wont go far wrong wth this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>W.R.F.
<Content>Proved to be very nice; AFTER we changed rooms I reserved our room through Venere, and I think that was probably our mistake. I'm never going to use Venere again. Although I received a good price (I think), when we checked in at midnight after a long flight and metro ride, we were shocked at how bad our room was. It was extremely small, which wouldn't have bothered us so much, but it was very depressing and poorly designed. It was an inside room overlooking a light well, and the window opened in over the bed so it would bang your head. The room smelled funny (like turpentine or paint), and the bathroom was in the room, separated by frosted glass. The pergo floor was peeling off, and the furniture was banged up and the bedspread stained. We were depressed. The room certainly wasn't worth $125 euros, and this wasn't where we wanted to spend the night, let alone the next four nights. We asked to change rooms, and were told there was nothing available that night. We went out and walked around the vicinity looking for another hotel. Everything was booked up. The next morning I went downstairs and told them we were unhappy with our room, and the desk girl said she would change us to a double room (2 beds) at noon. She seemed used to the problem. The new room was an outside room, although not looking out at anything, and was kind of dark-but what a difference. It was twice the size of the other room, and much more normal.The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. The free internet was great. The complimentary drinks and snacks every evening were very nice also. When you book with Venere I found out that breakfast is not included with the price. Otherwise it was $20, which we weren't willing to pay. If we had booked with the hotel it would have been included. Lots of people seemed to be enjoying it. I think we also could have specified a nicer room if we had contacted the hotel directly. With Venere, you get the standard room, which is their worst room. When looking at the map of the hotel, it looks like they have 4 inside standard (really substandard) rooms on every floor (8 floors). So be careful and get an outside room. The hotel is in a great location, close to the center of action.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FarrellMLT
<Content>FANTASTIC HOTEL This is truly a fantastic hotel. We flew to Barcelona El prat airport and the AIRBUS (costs a couple of euros) took us directly near the hotel. It is perfectly located ... literally a few steps away from the Pl Catalunya and the Ramblas region. The room was large, well-decorated, clean and equipped with all sort of traveller gadgets - a shaving kit, toothbrush, comb, perfume etc. Breakfast was a lavish buffet - very good. Staff were friendly and helpful. Considering its location, excellent service and its very reasonable room rates, we really recommend this hotel to anybody travelling to Barcelona.Tom and Maria FarrellMALTA  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaLuv2travel
<Content>Great location, price, and overall hotel!!! We stayed at H10 Universtat in late April 2007 for 2 nights pre-cruise. After reading the reviews I found myself mixed on the hotel and unsure if I made the right decision. Now that we have been there I wanted to give back and let you know this is a great overall hotel. We had room 512 on the front of the building and our friends had room 712. These particular rooms were fine in size, typical eurpoean rooms but not tiny and uncomfortable as described in other posts. The rooms were newer and clean. The bathrooms were a very nice size. The breakfast was also good and gave a good start for the day. Despite being on the street side of the building we did not have any issues with traffic noise and I am a light sleeper. The balcony doors were well insulated which I think helped. The location is great, close to everything but just far enough to avoid the craziness. We felt perfectly safe roaming around at night going to dinner. Overall this was an excellant hotel for the price. It is the perfect balance of everything and a great spot to call home base.Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mathias1968
<Content>Nice, central, effective but very small room We stayed her for two nights on our way to France. The staff is friendly and welcoming and was very helpfull with getting us a baby crib.The room we stayed at was clean and nice furnished but very small. We asked for a large room as posible but we was presented with a 12 m2 room with the bathroom partly in the room.It is very central but still quiet  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lilbeast
<Content>outstanding I stayed in this hotel with my Mum on a short city break. Never having visited Barcelona before I was unsure as to where to stay and as a result sought the advice of Tripadvisor. The hotel was very easy to find (we got the airport bus to Place de Catalunya) and in an extremely convenient location for all the attractions. The hotel staff were excellent as was the room which was very modern and extremely clean.It was also excellent when our flight was cancelled by easyJet that we were able to come back to the same room. However this time we had the Breakfast which I think was the best I have ever had in a hotel.Overall an outstanding hotel in a lovely city.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ithacles
<Content>Las Rumbles in the night Easter long weekend, 2007.Hotel staff were great, room was clean and modern however...I travelled with my companion so in terms of the bed was expecting a double (having paid for one), but found that it was merely two singles pushed together. It wasn't that bad, but noticeable.The room we got on the first floor hosted periodic rumblings from the subway beneath - to be heard both during the day (or mid-mornings as we arose to new days) and until the last trains at night.I only mention the point during the day as in most cases, you might already be out sight-seeing, but during the early mornings, you would hear the first trains. I think that if you also notice this during day time with ambient noise, then it is loud enough to pose a problem at quieter times.Finally, the walls were also quite thin and we were blessed with a snorer on holiday in the next room. So for a few nights as we'd be settling in to bed, those darn rumbles then assaulted us from both beneath the floor and through the wall nearest to our heads.I managed to get a good deal on the price by shopping around. Had full price been paid, there would have been tears.Okay, but some problems.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joyful_sun
<Content>Wonderful staff and location Stayed 2 nights in H10 Universitat over the weekend and really liked our stay. I initially booked the hotel through a booking website but decided to contact them directly, and in by doing so, I got a better rate inclusive of breakfast for 2 persons at 140E per night. Initially, the booking websites were quoting 160E per night without breakfast, so it's best to contact them directly first. I also requested for a nice large room with view on the upper floors, and when we got there, they were able to grant our request and gave us room 701 - a nice big room (twin beds together but not a problem) with a nice terrace facing Ronda Universitat and minimal traffic noise because it was high above the street (8th floor was the highest). I guess we were quite lucky that this room was available because some rooms are indeed just half the size of this room with no terrace at all. Our room was pleasingly comfortable and clean. Wide assortment of bathroom amenities, and shower stall was spacious. A huge buffet breakfast is served at the basement with a nice assortment of warm food (bacon, sausages, eggs etc), cold cuts, cheeses, fruits, cereals, yogurts, pastries, breads, and juices. They do serve brewed coffee or tea in a pot, but do ask for their cappucino instead. I live in Italy and I must say, they serve really great cappucinos! Location wise, this hotel is great. It is right off Plaza Catalunya, in the heart of the city so everything is close by. The street it is on is a major street so it is safe and not seedy. You can easily walk to Las Ramblas, P de Gracia or Rambla Catalunya, take your pick. Restaurants, cafes, shopping, transport are all close by. When you check out, you can leave your bags with them until you depart for the airport. Good thing is they have a locked left luggage room and they issue tags. Some hotels don't issue tags and some just leave the bags in the lobby where people can just walk off with it. Above all, I think what will make me come back to this hotel is the service of the staff - from reception, to the breakfast staff, to the cleaning staff. Everyone was smiling and ready to help. It seemed they enjoyed working in this hotel and because of that, they were able to give great service.Would recommend and come back as well.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jessfess
<Content>Excellent location and rooms The H10 Universitat is an excellent hotel, right near Place Catalunya and La Ramblas - it is perfect for visitors as you can are right in the middle of town. There are a few metro/train stops very nearby so access is to transport is also good. The rooms in the hotel are very clean, modern, roomy (good sized bed) and comfortable, including the bathroom. We were welcomed with cava when we checked in which was also nice touch. The Universitat is quite good value if you want something a bit nicer and don't mind paying a a little more.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>alohatripper
<Content>Hotel made us feel grand! We disembarked in BARC after 12 nights of delightful cruising with friends. We immediately felt comfortable once we encountered the friendly, helpful staff and were assigned a upper floor suite when we expected a small double since we paid only 110E/night. A roomy, modern, well-appointed room makes all the difference when discoveringthe walkable BARC. The hotel's central location and proximity to public transportation made it so convenient to return and rest a bit before venturing out again for sightseeing or a meal. Our suite had a large balcony leading to an adjoining patio where we enjoyed a shared lunch. We hardly imagined that just a short distance away was a bustling Placa de Catalunya. We felt than H10 Universitat allowed us to truly savor BARC.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wakeboarders
<Content>big rooms great but.....       tiny room  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smjak02
<Content>Really enjoyed Universitat 7th trip to the city staying in a different hotel of similar standardeach time. This was one of the best. Priced around 100e it was one ofthe cheapest too. Excellent location in this sprawling city, central and near Placa Catalunya and Universitat metro stops. Friendly welcome and room available even though I was there around 11am. Quit room of decent size at the back with 2 singles. Could hearsome noise from other guests and being on floor 2 some rumble from underground but neither was enough to wake me up, I am a light sleeper.Room featured safe, decent storage a large shower area and good toiletries. Bed was harder than I like ideally but again didnt stop me sleeping. Room very clean.Staff friendlyDidnt make breakfast either day and didn't use the bar which looked modern and welcoming.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Eugene3
<Content>Perfect Vistor Hotel in Barcelona, Spain Spent a week in Barcelona, Spain at the H10 Universitat Hotel, beginning March 14, 2007. Two rooms for four men from Philadelphia, PA, USA. Although, not particularly relevant for this trip, all four of us are gay. It was my partner and I - not too mature, yet; and two other quite mature friends. Booked with hotel direct and got best price anywhere at 135 Euro with the breakfast. Email communication with the hotel may have gotten us the best rooms in the hotel. Note: TripAdvisor User for many years and very remiss about doing reviews. Must state that I do not think I have ever gone wrong using thier advice. We have traveled quite a bit; over 30 trips to Europe alone in the last 15 years. You need assess your own values and requirements. Also, to better reflect on my comments some particulars: Marriott Platinum and somewhat Americanized - not necessarily have to live with the natives or community. Stay at Marriotts when price and location are correct. Will spend a bit more, if Marriott location is right like Vienna Marriott and Renaissance Chancery Court London (very or too expensive at times); Marriott Milan, Italy is a good hotel, but not at the center of town, so we stayed at TripAdvisor recommended hotel on the next vist. Location, with price in mind, and the acceptable standards for an Americanized traveler are the foremost attributes. As for location, being in the heart of everything, dispite noise and crowds. When we stayed in Venice at the TripAdvisor Recommended Best Western Monte Carlo Hotel, the key deciding factor was a review that stated, if you are person that would not like staying in Times Square NYC, like I am, you do not want to stay here. That clinched my decision, and that is where we stayed and it was just great.H10-Universitat was the most perfect location of almost any hotel in Barcelona. It is a block from the Ramblas and Catalunya Square: Aeroport Bus Stop (3.90 Euro) the way to go, the two day on and off Tour Bus ( a must at 23 Euro), restaurants, huge Corte de Englais Department Store, and everything at your beckon call, including two Metro stops within a block. It also sits right on the corner of the renowned Gayborhood of Barcelona. Walking distance to most clubs and restaurants. This hotel location is probably better choice and less costly than the Axel, which appears very attractive, for gays who want to actually tour and visit. Good meals for the entire visit at moderate prices, but best two meals were in gay oriented, but open to all, restaurants. In Spain five or six times and best eating ever in Spain. Our hotel rooms adjoined in front and on main street of hotel 611 and 612 (seventh floor). With balcony doors open; it was noisy, but no problem for us, otherwise. It appears there are approximately 12 rooms on each floor. The eight front and rear rooms appear to be the largest , with the four center section rooms being small. The large rooms are a wonderful size for Europe at these prices. Beds were very firm. I prefer this, but maybe just a bit too hard for me. Bathrooms were superb. We always take our own washcloth to Europe, but second day hotel left them. Toletries were partcularly nice. Can't imagine what anyone's complaint would be about the glass opaque bathroom doors. Our companions had that in their adjoining room and it afforded all the privacy and are particularly attractive. Breakfast lavishly supplied, but in the European manner and tastes. We gave a 20 Euro gratuity for the breakfast staff at the end of our stay. A wonderful time in a beautiful city that turned out to be more interesting than ever suspected. I do not think, unless costs become a factor, that we would stay at or recommend any other hotel in Barcelona. We owe most of great choices, including this one to Trip Advisor and I hope this helps you.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>campinheaven
<Content>Great central hotel Great location and well equipped rooms - however our room was lacking a window which was a bit of a downer - but when asked the staff moved us to a brighter room, no problem.would recommend this to visitors wanting to stay in a delightful hotel in central Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>artnuvo
<Content>Loved the H10 Universitat As part of a 12-day trip, 6 days in Lisbon (see separate revies for Tivoli Jardim and Tivoli Sintra) we stayed 4 nights at the H10 Universitat in a 4th floor (Room 402) twin bedded exterior room. The room was good sized, with a entrance corridor of about 6 feet and modern bathroom approx. 10x10 to the right, and bedroom area roughly 10x12+ with 2 twin beds, end tables, desk and chair, and closet space sufficient for our 2 carryons and small backpacks. Our long stay (more than 3 d ays) package at 107E (by time of booking 140-200 depending on website) including a generous hot and cold breakfeast buffet. There was small unuseable balcony, free safe, and mini-fridge. The room was modern and well soundproofed from street noise and other rooms. The metro runs near the hotel and you can hear some slight metro noise occasionally which was not disturbing. Staff is professional and v ery knowledeable with directions and recommendations. The hote is the 2nd stop on the airport bus from the airport, with return pickup at the stop by the Tourist Office in Placa Catalunya. Univesitate metor is 2 b locks to the right of the hotel and Pl. Cat. metro is 2 blocks to the left of the hotel, which provides easy access to the Passeig de gracia metro stop to reach the Gaudi modernist buildings, Caso Batlo and La Pedrera, and the Muntaner modernist Palau Musica Catalunya which is well worth toruing and/or even better viewing a concert as we did for which tickets can be booked online; Placa Jaume metro for a short walk in one direction to the Picasso Museum and to the synagogue on Calle Marlet corner Calle St. Comenic in another direction; bus 24 from Pl. Cat. to the Gaudi designed Parc Guell, bus 64 from Pl Cat. to the Miro Museum; and a 5 minute walk via Pl. Cat to and along the Ramblas, veering off to the Placa Reial for Restaurant Quinze Nits (no reservations), and around the corner, excellent Crema Canella (reservations), and La Fonda (no reservations on nearby C. Escudullers; or by metro to the Palau Musica and nearby excellent and inexpensive (art deco style) restaurant that is part of the La Fonda/Quinze Nits group.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vladislav
<Content>Excellent from all standpoints! To put it in a nutshell, excellent place smack in the middle of everything! we requested a quiet room overlooking the back yard. it was quite roomy, big enough for 2 adults and 1 rambunctious toddler. Room servie great. reception always helpful and cheerful. stylish hotel at a VERY affordable price. Unbeatable deal all around!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>glennite
<Content>Mixed feelings Haven't done this before but hope this helps someone who is thinking of staying at this hotel. We have just returned after a 4 night stay. I booked the hotel after searching through and reading all the reviews. I took note and requested a room at the front, on a high floor. However, when we arrived (at 10.30 p.m) we were given the tiniest room with no view on the third floor!! Complained straight away to reception who said that they were full and would change us in the morning. To their credit they did and gave us a room at the front which must have been double the size!! My problem with this hotel is -there are 12 rooms on each floor, 4 at the front, (which can be quite noisy), 4 at the back which seem okay and then 4 tiny rooms in the middle which can only be deemed as single rooms but are used as doubles. Yes, they changed us but at the end of a long journey you don't really need the hassle. The hotel is in a perfect situation and the staff were really friendly and helpful, breakfast was great. If I were to use this hotel again I would ring them directly and check room allocation.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>egerio
<Content>Really terrific with hard beds Wow, what a great experience. We arrived in the late morning and there was a room ready, so the hotel booked us right in. After a redeye flight, that was the start of our excellent experience in the hotel. The booking staff was excellent and very professional. Everyone we spoke to was proficient in English.The room was small, but the bed was king-sized, though a bit hard. The amenities in the room were great, particularly the broadband access. The shower was spectacular with tons of hot water. We got the back of the hotel, so we had no street noise. There was some noise within the hotel. We could hear people in the hall, and muffled sounds of people using a bathroom somewhere, but that was minor. My guess is that the sound was due to the lack of carpets in the halls and in the room. But the flip side of no carpets is that the room was probably cleaner. The maid service was also perfect. My wife and I travel frequently and this was one of the best experiences that we've had in this class hotel. Barcelona, of course is also wonderful, and the location of this hotel brings most of the sites within walking distance. For those who prefer not to walk, the cabs are relatively inexpensive and the T-10 ticket brings the price of an integrated bus/subway ride down to about $1/ ride. BTW, the T-10 is also good for a cheap trip to/from the airport  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yellowdog442
<Content>Great hotel in a great city       View from a room on the back of the hotel (we stayed in the back on our first night).  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GFERGY
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed here for 4 nights during Feb. Room was clean and staff extremely friendly. The location was fantastic and close to main tourist area. I would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MacguyverCapeTown
<Content>Brilliant Stunning central hotel. Loved this clean, hospitable hotel. Spacious and modern. Quiet enough to catch a few much needed ZZ's but near enough to Las Rambles so as not to miss any of the Barcelona vibe. Loved it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>F19
<Content>Super!! Stayed at H10 Universitat Hotel for 3 nights in Feb 2007. Upon arrival the desk staff gave us complementary Cava and snacks which was perfect after a day of travelling. The location is really nice for exploring Barcelona. I really felt as if the staff was glad I was there and they were very helpful. Tr猫s bien! (OOps sorry I am lost again!)  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Artemis-Angel
<Content>Great location, nice hotel This hotel has a great location, not far from Las Ramblas, stops for the hop on hop off tourist bus. I had a single room which is not the largest room that I have ever had or however the smallest and was quite adequate. The room was very clean and well decorated, with adequate wardrobing. The bathroom was massive, with a good shower. As mentioned in one of the earlier reviews the door to the bathroom is frosted glass which is obviously no problem if you are single traveller. The room had a minibar with reasonable-ish prices (2,50 Euros for a San Miguel). I had a room on the 5th floor towards the rear of the building which was very quiet. I did not use the restaurant but the menu looked good. The reception staff where friendly and helpful. The air conditioning was good and could be easily switched on and off as required. On Barcelona generally I would recommend the hop on/hop off bus particularly a two day ticket. I would also recommend taking the guided tour at Sagrada Familia, English tour at 11am.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wonderwoman1972
<Content>Location, location, location! I booked this hotel as a suprise for my boyfriends birthday, I asked for a high floor room with a balcony as it was a special occasion. We got just what we asked for plus.....in the evening a lady delivered bathrobes, slippers, extra toiletries and a birthday cake. A lovely extra. Would definately stay here again. Hotel is so close to all the sights, very comfortable and friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>B0
<Content>Excellent stay! I was a little concerned after reading some of the reviews here but decided to take a gamble and booked anyway. It was a good thing I took this gamble - the H10 was great! Yes, rooms are not as big as similar-class hotels in Las Vegas or California but they are not smaller than those in the UK and definitely larger than those in Amsterdam, Paris. Just remember to ask for a high floor (I requested for 6th floor and above) and ask for the rooms facing the main street as rooms in the inner core of the hotel (I think, rooms 4, 5, 9, 10) are small. Nevertheless, the furnishing was good, beds were comfortable, bathrooms were welcoming and the street views from the balcony are great. The hotel staff spoke reasonably good English, albeit with a strong Spanish accent and were very friendly - they even took pains to call, re-call, confirm, double-confirm my flights back to London (this was during the heavy fog and most flights were cancelled). They arranged for me and my friends to have adjourning rooms even though we didnt book for it and even gave me a discount on the spot! I will head back there again. A piece of (unrelated) advice - the H10 Universitat is in a good location being 5min from Las Ramblas, the Aerobus stop, restaurants and the FC Barca shop.. Their sister hotels, in my opinion are either too far from Las Ramblas or right smack in the centre of it, with the endless crowds. Think I shall stop writing now cos I am sounding like a H10 advertisement. =)  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NewsboyBelfast
<Content>Good all round hotel I stayed here as part of a short weekend break in Barcelona last May. The hotel is in a great location just a few minutes walk to Las Ramblas. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the roooms were nice and modern if just a little small but ours had a balcony overlooking the main street which was quite nice. The breakfast was fine with plenty of choice. Overall this hotel is great for a weekend break, it is modern and clean and in a good location to explore Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>libero7
<Content>Not convinced by the high ratings I must echo the review of a recent writer who described his room as a 'postage stamp'. I have to agree - the room was minute and reminded me of one of those functional little Japanese pods where businessmen cram themselves for a couple of hours of shut-eye before returning to the office. The facilities in the room were ok - lcd tv, kettle, decent shower but the overall feeling was rather soulless. The room was also freezing and when I tried to turn up the heating cold air was blasted out of the air vents therefore making the room even colder. Climbing on top of my bed I saw that what is presumably the warm air vent was blocked up by a mountain of dirty grey fur which is presumably why nothing came out - nice! The lobby and general hotel appearance and atmosphere is ok but certainly nothing special and by no means deserving of a top ten place on tripadvisor for Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kingpete
<Content>Really excellent Just returned from 2 nights in Barcelona. Really can't fault this hotel. Wonderful location,cool decor, warm welcome with chilled cava, room ample size, comfortable, spotless, great bathroom, superb breakfasts, friendly staff who discovered (how?) that it was my wife's birthday on the 2nd day, left a lovely note in the room along with complimentary bathrobes, pamper bags and chocolates. Unreservedly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PC6789
<Content>The Space Factor This was our third trip to Barcelona but our first to the Universitat Hotel which caught out attention because of the high ratings on the 'TripAdvisor' website. However, when we opened the door to our room we couldn't believe the incredibly small amount of space. 'Postage stamp size' is the best term. Just room to walk down either side and foot of the bed; minimal storage space; nowhere to sit except on the bed. The shower, toilet, sink area was comparatively large but was separated from the sleeping area only by an opaque glass screen. We asked reception for a change to a larger room but this was not possible as the hotel was fully booked. We discovered that on each floor the majority of rooms are of a perfectly acceptable size but a couple are extremely small and despite the presence of a double bed would be better suited to single travellers. The following morning we checked out and the next three nights of our long weekend visit were spent at the Avenida Palace. Bliss! If you are thinking of staying at the Universitat do check the room size first. Apart from the incredibly small room we did think other aspects of the hotel were fine.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hamish11
<Content>Excellent location  Perfectly located just off Placa Catalunya (at the top of Ramblas), stylish modern interior design, very well equipped rooms with every possible amenity, great breakfast (fruit, cakes/pastries, meats, cheese, eggs, cooked breakfast and even Cava  red wine). The Universitat is quite small and so the service is relatively personal for a city centre hotel. The welcome glass of Cava on arrival is a lovely touch. Joan on reception was a great guy who really made an effort to make our stay perfect. Previous reviews have mentioned small rooms and metro/road noise. OK, the rooms aren't the biggest but we found them to be more than adequately sized. Make sure that you ask for a room with a window though, as the interior rooms seemed to be smaller. Rooms at the front of the hotel have a small balcony, but this benefit comes with the downside of more road noise. We didn't find the road/metro noise to be a problem and slept very soundly (maybe something to do with the vast amounts of lovely Spanish wine?!).The modern design includes frosted/opaque glass walls and door in the bathroom - so silhouttes can be seen and this may be a little uncomfortable if you don't know your room-mate that well!The bar is nice and prices are really quite reasonable, but it closes at midnight.If you can get a good deal (we got an amazing price through the hotel website [---]), then I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoshuaNorwichUK
<Content>weekend in barcelona Excellent location, 2 minutes walk from airport bus stop.Lovely modern clean facilities, excellent breakfasts.Friendly helpful staff.One word of warning - watch your valuables when outside of the hotel.I had my handbag stolen while in a restaurant which rather spoiled our weekend.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bill912
<Content>Great Value Great Location Stayed for 3 nights with a party of 12 (in 6 rooms) 30 Nov to 3 Dec.All the rooms were fine; you are on a main road so there is going to be some traffic noise but none of the rooms were too noisy or too small so you really must be unlucky to get a duff one (or complain too much!)The hotel is ideally located, the rooms we had were big enough, clean, had nice bathrooms and were perfectly adequate for a short stay.OK the TV only had CNN / Sky News as English channels but how sad are you if you spend your time watching TV when you are in Barcelona?We didn't book the breakfast but went around the corner to Vips or one of the other cafes and just ordered whatever we felt like having that day, eating with the locals.We debated staying in the Jazz, which is literally across the road and one block down but decided to save the extra 拢20/30 per night and spend it on enjoying the town and we are glad we did. However the Jazz did look a really nice hotel. We will stay in the H10 Universitat again next time we visit Barca.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Smudgerpugs
<Content>Brilliant Barca Booked this hotel on H10 website this was cheaper than other sites. Hotel is in a great location - 5-10 mins walk from Ramblas. 2 metro stations closeby. When you arrive at the airport catch a train/metro into the centre. A travelcard is 5 euros - great value.I booked 6 twin rooms for our party of 12 aged between 22 and 66 (mainly over 40) we went to see Barcelona play at Nou Camp - great experience. We arrived Sat afternoon superb check-in arrangements. We were each given a chilled glass of cava on arrival - a nice touch. Rooms are clean and modern. Bathrooms excellent - superb shower. Breakfasts are also brilliant - everything you could want. Cannot recommend this hotel enough. To top it all it was 22 deg C in late November!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sol124
<Content>Had great time!!! To summarize: Great hotel and in great location! Me and my wife stayed there for 3 nights.I will try not to repeat what others have written just important points:1) The suggestion to travel by bus to the hotel was excellent. Eurobus travels from the airport (just outside) to Plaza de Catalunya and back every 8-12 minutes (3.5EUR pp). The hotel is situated 3-4 minutes walk from there.2) Breakfast is excellent. Try if possible to include it in the hotel price (as otherwise it does not come cheap 15EUR pp). Most of the online sites do not include breakfast in their offers. We booked from a travel agent and recieved a better price from all the online ones (expedia, hotels.com etc.) + breakfast.3) Many people complained about the small rooms. Some however said that the rooms were fine. When we booked our room we specifically asked for the room numbers (literally!!) of the poeple who wrote good things on their rooms size. The hotel of course cannot ensure specific rooms (and it didn't) but at least in our case we got what we wanted. The room (not surprisingly) was large and confertable with a little balkony (Room 512). Looks through the reviews and add other series. Worth trying...2 little bad points:1) If you are suffering from noise to large extent, the room we satyed at (and I guess all rooms) have a little (very little) background buzz of the street below (which is a main road with heavy traffic).2) My wife complained that there are no English speaking TV channels on the TV (beside CNN). Bare in mind of this is important to you....  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emma_5555
<Content>loved H10!!! We have stayed in the H10 in Dec and loved our stay.... hotel staff couldnt be more helpful and friendly, great location 4 exploring the city. Forget the reviews about the noise, its quiet with the doors closed and the metro rumble is barely noticeable- do not let this put you off this superb hotel. Breakfast is buffet style which is plentiful and lots to suit all tastes. I would recommend getting breakfast inc as it is close and convenient!!! book the h10 without delay, adios xx  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gmwhite
<Content>great hotel Nice hotel, amazing location for exploring the city. However, some rooms very small, so make sure you request a larger room when booking. Large selection of food at breakfast and helpful reception staff. All round a very good hotel at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>KevWARING
<Content>The truth about H10 Universitat. The truth about this hotel is that it is just fantastic.First things first, if you are flying to Barcelona make sure it is Barcelona Airport and not Girona. If you are traveling to this hotel, dont bother with a taxi as the aero bus right outside the airport terminal takes you to Placa Catalunya right in the heart of the La Rambla!!!The hotel is just 3 minutes walk away, close enough to drag your luggage with you.On arrival, everything went like clockwork. The staff were very friendly and efficient. We were allocated room 607 on the 6th floor. A good size unlike other reviews with a fantastic double power shower and all the other nice things you would expect of a 4 star hotel. Ask for a room at the front or rear of the hotel as these are the bigger ones. There was no noise at all in our room.The breakfast was just fantastic, hot and cold stuff to suit all, see 4 yourself!!! Just what you need before a day taking in the beautiful sights and culture on offer in barcelona!!I would highly recommend this hotel and is certainly one of the best we saw whilst we were in barcelona. WE WILL RETURN!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ASNOWDEN
<Content>TEN OUT OF 10 This was the first time I had been to Barcelona so I was hoping the hotel would be ok and in the best location. What can I say other than, FAB.ImpressionsUpon arrival we were given a glass of champers, what a great way to start the city break. The staff were lovely and the hotel was clean. The room was clean and catered for our needs, we were not planning on spending much time in the hotel anyway.The location couldn't have been any better. La Rambla was a two minute walk away and the hotel is placed right where you need to be.We paid 80 pounds a night for my wife and I. This included breakfast. My advice is to include breakfast as it was well worth the extra. Put it this way, there is everything you would want for brekky !!.When choosing this hotel I also considered the Hotel JAZZ which is just a stones throw away from the H10 universat. While there I also had a nose at this hotel and it looked great.Overall I have no complaints what so ever (which is unusual for me !!). I am only 35 but like quality at a reasonable price if you know what i mean.The weekend was great and if you have a nice hotel it makes it even better. The hotel is geared for tourists and doesn't have the facilities like pools gyms etc etc. The hotel is a place to used as a base only and not somewhere to spend your time in Barcelona other than sleep and you know what !!.Would I stay again - DEFINITLEY.One bit of advice. IMPORTANT.We flew to Barcelona landing at Girona airport with Ryan air. I didn't realise that Barcelona is over an hours bus journey from Girona airport. Ryan air only fly to Girona airport and advertise this with (Barcelona) after this. Girona is NOT in Barcelona. This is worth noting. My advice is to fly to Barcelona airport as it will save you loads of time travelling and further expense etc.At least I learned something.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>myrtlemoo
<Content>Brilliant Barcelona Just got back from a fantastic long weekend in Barcelona - what an amazing city! We had no complaints about the hotel. Friendly and welcoming staff. Fantastic location - just off La Rambla and within minutes of the tourist bus stop. Our room was on the top floor (level 8) at the back and we had no problems with noise at all. Very clean room with everything you need for a short stay. Particularly liked the showers! Breakfast great and is well worth the money. Will definitely return when we next visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sonas
<Content>Certainly not 4 star Stayed here for 3 nights in October. Very unwelcoming at reception. Not a smile or a greeting never mind a glass of cava. We weren't told where the restaurant was for breakfast or where our bedroom was. The room was quite a surprise. I've stayed in cheaper hotels with larger bathrooms than our bedroom. You really couldn't swing a cat in it. The location was fantastic. From our balcony you could see Place Catalunya and El Corte Ingles.Breakfast was definitely the highlight. There was everything imaginable available to eat.We arrived back to the hotel each night around midnight and each night we tried to get a nightcap from the bar but were met with a firm no each time as the bar shuts early. We were told to try the mini-bar but that wasn't restocked the whole time we were there. (We aren't big drinkers but do like a nightcap when on hols). Overall a very average hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>IGDaddy
<Content>Great stay before Cruise       A view of the hotel  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lou78
<Content>Good but not great Check in was quick and hassle free. We were given a room at the front of the hotel (as rooms are bigger than at the back) and on the 7th floor as requested in advance. The Cava was a nice touch after our Airport Bus ride.The room was above average for a 4star Spainish Hotel and very spacious. Twin beds, bath and shower in separate bathroom.However the road noise was loud even with the doors shut but not to bad if you pack ear plugs. The beds were very, very hard and the air conditioning really poor. It was very warm when we arrived on 30th Oct and complained to reception that the unit in our room was not working properly. We were shown another room but were told the basically the air con was not great and took 10 - 15 min to have an effect in any room. I know that air con in general in European Hotels is never that great but this is the worst we have had and to be honest if it did not cool the room down in Oct/Nov over three days I hate to think how hot the rooms get in mid summer! Breakfast was good, fresh fruit and juice really tasty. Everything else was ok. If you ask for a strong coffee the lovely friendly staff bring you a nice americano instead of the weak jug of coffee that is handed out as standard. Location is wonderful. Right by everything you need. Tourist bus routes (great value two day pass), La Rambla, Gothic Quarter etc. If you get a room at the top of the hotel (so metro noise is not so bad), get a room at the front so you are not squashed in, pack earplugs, ask for a room that does not interconnect to another and get a good deal on the hotel website with breakfast then go for it . Barca is an amazing place, we will be back but not to this particular hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>IanRD
<Content>sorry don't get it! After reading the reviews we were really looking forward to staying at this hotel, unfortunately we were disappointed. The double room was so small you couldn't have swung a hamster never mind a cat and the glass doors to the bathroom mean nothing is left up to the imagination. For the money we paid we were expecting a decent four star hotel this is at best a three star. Having stayed at other H10 hotels in Barcelona we did not find this as good as the others.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Munster1
<Content>Great location We stayed at this hotel for three nights.Location was excellent-metres from Airport Bus stop, Tourist Bus stop(Use the one around the corner from hotel Turn right from hotel and cros to the left at traffic lights and NOT the stop in Catalunya Square as the queues are huge here!)It is also near lots of shopping streets and around the corner from La Rambla Reception was very helpful-glass of cava on arrival too!Do include breakfast -great selection of hot and cold with beautiful fruit and champagne if required.Our room was small but contained everything one would need, lots of extras-shoe shine, comb, sewing kit etc. It had a minibar and prices were fine. The bathroom was big with a good shower. We would go back again  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	-1	5	4	-1	

<Author>JuicyJ
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location Just back from a 4 night stay in the H10 Universitat, and i'd definately recommend this hotel. It's clear from reading the other reviews on this site that the size and style of the rooms in this hotel can vary greatly. I can only comment on our room, which was lovely. It was very spacious and modern, plenty of room for suitcases, shopping bags etc. The bed and the bathroom were both huge, and the shower was fantastic!We were on the 3rd floor on the front of the hotel, but once the balcony doors and shutters were closed you could barely hear any noise from the road. The metro could be heard when awake but it wasnt loud enough to wake us up when we were asleep. Breakfast in the hotel wasn't included in our booking, and at 15Euros each we didnt think it would be worth it. There was a cafe just down the street from the hotel where you can get coffee and a cappucino for 1.50 Euros, which is a much better deal! The location of this hotel is perhaps it's best feature, just off the Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas. An easy walk to the port, Gothic Quarter, shops, tourist bus stops and metro stations.Get the A1 Aerobus from the airport to Plaza Catalunya for 3.75 Euros. Cheaper than a taxi and practically door to door. I look forward to visiting Barcelona again soon, this was my first visit and I loved it. I'd definately stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jess1
<Content>Fantastic hotel and location Just got back from the H10 universitat and would recomend it to anyone. My sister and I took my Mum for her 60th Birthday and she loved it. Hotel is 5 mins from Airport Bus stop on Place Catelunya. Rooms were very nice, room 402 is a twin or double with Balcony on 4th floor, excellent sound proof balcony doors so slept right through. Welcome Cava on arrival - great. Choccies from Manager for my mum and a little wash bag thingy put in her room for her birthday - not overly flash but she felt special and gesture was appreciated. Even the Porter stopped her on the stairs on morning of her Birthday to wish her a good day. I think things like that make a hotel. Breakfasts were really good - booked direct with the hotel so was only 6euros each. Very good choice from full english to smoked salmon, cheeses, juices and loads of fresh fruit salad and cereal. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful - compared to other Spanish waiters (rude) they were like our best friends!! bathroom good size and power shower great after long day sight seeing. Reccomend to all - family groups, couples etc.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jxl36
<Content>Disappointed Stayed here for 3 days in September after reading the positive reviews on this site, but I have to say I was a little disappointed. The room was incredibly small - we literally had to scramble over the bed to get from one side of the room to the other. There was nowhere to put a bag or case. The bathroom was in the same room but separated by a glass screen - if you are sharing the room with someone else, you need to know them very intimately indeed to want to use the bathroom! As the hotel is contemporary in design the floors are polished - no carpets. Although this looks great it amplifies the noise that the maid makes in the mornings as she's pushing her trolley so be prepared to wake early! On the plus side, the hotel is in a great location, the staff were friendly and the breakfast was great.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>kataleyfe
<Content>Barcelona Sweet Spot It's my third night in the H10 Universitat and I couldn't be happier with my choice. I booked online for 4 nights (Thurs-Sun), with breakfast, for a grand total of 540 euros, including tax. Considering the location, it's an insane bargain; just north of the Ramblas, and just south of the Eixample. The bus from the airport (3.5 euros) drops off and picks up two blocks away. It's near major metro stops (Universitat, Catalunya) and on a major street packed with convenient buses. I requested an upper floor and a room without street noise. As ordered, I got an inner room on the 8th (which is the top) floor with no balcony or view but it has been very peaceful for sleeping! Rooms are small, but this is more typical in Europe, and if you are a single traveler or a couple the cozy room will suit you. The bathroom is generous and the shower decadent; breakfast is ample and there are chilled drinks and sweet and salty snacks available in reception. Staff is good with English and they helped me replace a defective 3-day metro pass. There is wireless, which I found somewhat spotty but it's working now as I write this review :-) My room safe is large enough to fit a laptop *and* a full set of 35mm camera gear (a large camera body and two large lenses), a rare and much appreciated hotel service.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>alexa21
<Content>Very Good value overall Trip Advisor Member, County Down, Northern IrelandWe are just back from 5 days at one of the H10 Hotels in Barcelona.I picked it after reading Trip Advisor and I am pleased with my choice. We had a lovely room at the front however had to move rooms after the first night due to the noise from the traffic, sirens etc. at all hours of the night. The hotel is on one of many busy roads and Barcelona is an all night city!Our room at the back also had high quality fittings and was likewise very clean and tasteful. However it was smaller and ideally we would have liked the larger room. The whole hotel is very clean and modern although it housed in a typical Barcelona terrace.The breakfast buffet is well worth the extra 7 euros. It has absolutley everything from sausage and fried and scrambled eggs to sponge cake! I particularly liked the fresh fruit salad. You can also ask for double espressos and a jug of hot milk.Location very central as we like to walk to shops etc. You can walk up the Passeig de Gracia for posh shops and fabulous buildings or down the way for the Rambla and the atmospheric gothic quarter.Overall a good choice in a lively city.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>JENNYBABE
<Content>Quite good but over priced! It has to be said that the location of this hotel has to be the main selling point as it is fantastic! The hotel itself is very clean, the rooms very nicely furnished,the breakfast was tasty and varried and it had the best power shower I had ever experienced. However, the rooms are very small. Best to opt for a twin room as in a double, there is literally no room to put your suitcase! Our bathroom had no bath and it was so small that the sink was in the bedroom. The main drawback for me was the metro. We started off in a room on the 2nd floor and from 5am every day the room would shudder and the bed would vibrate about every 10 minutes from the trams. After two nights we'd had enough and were moved to a room on the 7th floor which was an improvement but you are still very much aware of the metro. Having free afternoon snacks and free internet is a real bonus but I felt it was a very overpriced 4 star hotel considering the metro noise and size of the bedrooms.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>D1F1
<Content>Great Place to Stay We stayed at the H10 Universitat Hotel late September for the La Merce Festival. This hotel has a great location especially for the Procession as it started right underneath our balcony on the 4th floor. The room was a great size with an enormous bed (room 412) and the marble bathroom more than adequate with that power shower other travellers have mentioned. Although our room was at the front after we closed the balcony doors it was amazing how quiet the room was with only a distant rumbling from the metro. Some of the fittings in the room were a little tired but the location, size of room and most of all the amazing staff more than made up for this. Try and get a deal with the hot buffet breakfast thrown in - its really worth it - fantastic variety and that great service again. They also serve free rolls and pastries in the afternoon (in the bar area) - just right after a days sightseeing when you have come back for that shower and a siesta to set you up for the evening! For great Tapas try La Boqeria Market off La Ramblas - walk right to the back and have your super-fresh sea food cooked right in front of you at La Boqeria tapas bar - wonderful!! If you are there spring to end of September also try the night tour on the open top 'Bus Turistic' - very romantic and Barcelona by night is gorgeous! Will definately be using this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishDave
<Content>Beware Small rooms I normally dont write reports on hotels and maybe I should as I use this site to pick hotels when I travel. My comments on this hotel for what they are worth are, that like everyone says about this hotel, it is in a great location and is indeed a lovely hotel that has everything you need for a pleasent short stay.My only problem I had was with the size of the room, myself and wife have travelled all over Europe in the last few years and the room we were given for our 2 night stay here was the smallest room we ever stayed in, we were lucky enough to only have 2 small bags with us and no way could you fit a suitcase if we had one, we even had to get out of each others way going around the bed there was so little space.The bathroom is only a glass petition between bedroom and batroom which I found very odd. As this is one of the more expensive hotels in Barcelona we were disapointed in the room size for a 4 star hotel. I will accept that we may have been unlucky with our room allocation but even after going to reception on 3 occassions to see could we change we were told that there were no other bigger room available.Overall, lovely hotel, great location but rooms are way too small.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gweaffer
<Content>lovely hotel september 24-27 -2006 (3 days)Sayed in a room at the front of the hotel in contrast to some reviews saying front rooms were noisy, we had no problem with noise. The room was very clean and beds comfortable. All staff were excellent, approachable and very friendly.Hotel is an ideal location. Had lovely six course meal in the hotel restaurant , very resonable price, a bottle of wine and coffee was includedLook forward to returning to barcelona and staying at the lovely Universitat hotel again.Lil and Francis from Liverpool  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hero101
<Content>H10: excellent again Stayed in H10 Catalunya in July. That was perfect and H10 Universitat Hotel was even more perfect. After each day visiting all the interesting spots in Barcelona it felt like coming home.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daahling
<Content>A 4* hotel with 5* location and service My partner and I have just returned (today) from a 5-night stay in Barcelona, staying at the H10 Universitat Hotel, and we both agreed wholeheartedly that when we return to this great city, we will DEFINITELY book this hotel again. First of all, its location is incredible, slap bang central, which was so convenient, even for the simple ease of depositing shopping bags back in our room, before heading out again. When we arrived (via the A1 Aerobus to Plaza Catalunya 2 mins away on foot), we were welcomed into a modern reception area, by a friendly receptionist, who after checking us in, offered us a complimentary glass of Cava (Spanish sparkling wine) which really hit the spot after a day's travelling. I asked if our room was smoking, and she said that it wasn't, but that they would oblige us anyway, and the minute we entered our room and put our bags down, an ash tray was sent up pronto. We were stunned. A few minutes later I asked for a few more clothes-hangers, and they too were brought up within minutes. Also, the room was clean, tastefully furnished and quiet (since it was at the back of the hotel and not overlooking the main road). Plus being on the 4th floor, we weren't at all disturbed by any rattling from the Underground. And now a special mention for the Shower of Power. Wow! Am missing it already! The jet (adjustable) gives you a fantastic start to your day, and revives you after a whole day out walking. Breakfast was impressive, not just for the very wide variety of cold and cooked items, but the staff are all super friendly, polite and efficient to the nth degree. We never had the chance to try the hotel's restaurant for lunch or dinner, but the menu sure looked tempting!All hotels should aspire to this level of service. I've stayed in some 5star properties that didn't even begin to compare with the standards they keep at the H10 Universitat.At no time in our stay did we ever find fault with this hotel (indeed even with the city, where the level of cleanliness puts many other cities/countries to shame). I work in the travel industry, and would recommend this hotel to clients, friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cmh1
<Content>Not up to standard We stayed there for 3 nights. Room is extrememly small, barely can fit 2 person and luggage has to be put on the table. Air conditioning wasn't working and we have to waste an hour waiting for the maintenance guy to fix it. Window open out to the wall, no view and bad ventilation. Bathroom was huge compared to the size of the room. Would have prefer if they extend the size of the room instead. Service is ok, breakfast was too expensive at Eur15p/p so didn't try it. Try to find somewhere else - this hotel is not worth the price you have to pay.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Ionsys
<Content>Very Clean Hotel, Excellent Location We stayed there for 2 nights mon/tues Aug 14-15Hotel is very clean and has an upscale look to it inside--full breakfast (extra) was excellent--about 16euros/person as I recallParking is a short block away--about 18Euros as I recallFree internet in lobby--it's a little slow to load web pagesQuite safe in our view as so many tourists around---a lot of pickpockets in ramblus i gather but my wife wasn't botheredif we went back to Barcelona we would stay at H10 againIn our room on 8th floor there was no shower curtain--and one also had to be careful entering and exiting the shower in the tubdon't forget to leave your card in the wall socket inside the room--that runs the lightsnice balcony  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel-taker
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location! We loved this hotel and it's location. Got a taxi from the airport, 鈧?5 each way, between 4 of us. From the moment we arrived, service was great - glass of Cava while checking in, free snacks while having coffee in the bar area each afternoon, etc. There were 4 of us and we had adjoining double/twin rooms. Found the rooms to be spacious enough for a city-break, bathrooms were more than adequate, a free safe in the wardrobe. We had breakfast twice and paid for this on departure but found a great selection of foods on offer. Location-wise, you couldn't fault it - just off the Ramblas, right in the heart of everything. We'd stop every night on our way back for a large baileys at a Tapas Bar just round the corner! Tried a Jazz club which was good (but not really our thing). Used the book provided in the room and found a great Chinese Restaurant for our last night which was a little walk out of the centre. Did a 2-day bus tour which we'd highly recommend (blue and red routes were good) - found it really interesting and helped us get around the city on a short break. On our last day walked down to the beach and had a few hours relaxing there until it got too hot!! All in all, a great City and a great Hotel. We all hope to return soon.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Travellerer
<Content>Average hotel We stayed on upper floor in thesmallest room we ever had. The view was to the opposite wall.We are club H10 members but it means nothing at all.Hotel location, breakfast, staff and cleaning was ok.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Lauren&Chris
<Content>Great Stay Just about to check out of the H10 Universitat. Have had a wonderful stay and thought the hotel was very good value overall.Location is wonderful - basically at the top of the Ramblas so whenever you go out you get a lovely walk down the Ramblas. 7 euro taxi ride from Estacio del nord bus station, but easy access to walk or metro. We had a room on the top floor to the back of the hotel and never got any noise whatsoever. The receptionists and cleaning staff were friendly and efficient. The room safe was great - big enough to fit a laptop and a stack of other stuff so we felt safe leaving all our stuff behind. Showers were fantastic - massive double sized shower with wonderful water pressure.Activities - loved La Pereda and Parc Guell, the gondola ride was great for views and cheap (9 euro). The other new Gaudi place (Casa Batllo) was a fair bit more expensive (16 euro i think) than La Sagrada Famillia or La Pedrera so would recommend the latter two first. We took a two day pass on the Bus Turistic which was well worthwhile. You cannot take the stairs up La Sagrada Familia so you have to wait 1.5hrs to get up via one small lift that takes 6 people at a time - the views were worthwhile but you are goign up purely for the views.Food - struggled to find a good place for breakfast until the last day. If you can get the inclusive breakfast then get it! Found a lovely cafe on the last day - if you turn left when exiting the hotel, then turn left again at the next corner, then on the next corner there is a cafe called La Tramoia (rambla de catalunya 15). Very yummy pastries, bacon and eggs etc. Very reasonable breakfast as well. Dinner - there is a restaurant in Placa Reial (?excuse the spelling). where it opens at 8:30pm for dinner and you have to queue before that to get it - it looked very very popular and woudl probably be worth the wait!All in all loved Barcelona and the location and cleanliness of this hotel was great. Beds were slightly hard but didnt affect my nights sleep at all.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mr_L_teacherman
<Content>A great experience My fiance and I stayed here for a week in August-- our first time in Spain. The location was ideal, close to most sites, a five minute walk to the Ramblas  Gothic quarter. The employees were friendly, patient and helpful. The rooms were stylish and clean. The beds were a little stiff, but not uncomfortable. The breakfast was wonderful-- high quality, lots of variety.It was a great value. We would stay here again. Actually, we did: the night before we left Spain. They were overbooked, so they bumped us up to a suite at no extra charge. Nice one.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>samra94
<Content>What a fabulous hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 7 days while we were passing through Spain. When we arrived, we were greeted with a friendly smile and a glass of yummy cava. The whole hotel is very cool...almost like a boutique. Our room was adorable, modern and CLEAN. It also had a mini-fridge and a safe which made us both happy. The breakfast was delicious and the staff was so helpful and friendly. They did everything possible to make us feel comfortable. The location is within walking distance to everything including the Ramblas. We walked the whole time we were in Barcelona. The only drawback is that they only have one computer in the business center for internet access. If you go late night, it鈥檚 normally available. We will be staying here the next time we visit Spain! I just can't say enough good things about our experience here. If you're picky like me you'll love this place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>1love2travel
<Content>Fantastic! I stayed for one night at the H10 hotel before going on a Mediterranean cruise the next day. The Aerobus shuttle from the airport dropped me off on Las Ramblas and from there, it was just a 5 minute walk to the hotel. The staff were very friendly upon check-in and the room itself was great. Extremely clean with a big bathroom and shower. The size of the room itself was fairly small but it didn't matter so long as I could get my suitcase open on the floor. I had a room on the 3rd floor and it was often quicker to take the stairs than to wait for the elevator. I booked this room for 80 euros and got the breakfast for an additional 5 euros which I highly recommend all directly from the hotel website. The hotel is in a great location and they will even store your luggage if need be. All in all, I had a fantastic stay at this hotel and would recommend it to anyone. I also stayed at the Hotel Colon for a few nights but this one is way better.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve&Sally
<Content>Fantastic I have just returned from the H10 and would thoroughly recommend it. I searched carefully for a well-located and priced hotel for Barcelona for a weekend break with my wife, and with the help of other TripAdvisor reviews, chose this one. I have been to Barcelona before, so knew the location was good, and the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, and spoke English well (which helps, given my poor level of Spanish!) The breakfast buffet was excellent quality with fast and friendly service. I did mention in advance that I wanted a 'quiet' room, and we got just that, although the whole hotel seems pretty much sound-proofed, with the majority of the city noise kept outside. I would very much recommend staying here. Apart from breakfast, we didn't eat in the hotel, so cannot comment on that.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Monsoon
<Content>Great location This hotel was in the best location in the middle of things, but we didn't hear any noise at night. It was nice returning at the end of the day to have snacks in the bar/reception area. The rooms were clean  hotel staff friendly. The breakfasts were also very good with a wide choice.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NY_Londoners
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location My wife and I stayed here with our baby daughter for 3 nights. The room was stylish and clean. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The location was great, as central as you can get near the Placa Catalunya, and very convenient for the airport bus. We plan to stay here again when the Sagrada Familia is finished!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Solskinnsbolle
<Content>Great hotel in Barcelona! We stayed at H10 Universitat for 7 days in July. Everything was perfect for us. The staff are friendly and helpful. Very nice with a glass of sparkelig cava when we arrived. Great location. Clean, spacious and very nice room with aircondition. We will stay there again next time. :)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikeboy
<Content>Great value for your money Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in july.The location of the hotel is excellent and staff were so friendly and helpfull.It was also nice surprise to have a glass of Cava after check in.The room was quite small, but as a solo traveler it was not a problem to me. The only minus was small ants on my room.Well, they didn't bite me, but anyway...  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrEthOH
<Content>Great location and style, cramped room Great location near Placa Catalunya and with an Internet caf茅 in the same block. Friendly staff and stylish design interior. My single room was a bit cramped, with no seating group as promised in my reservation, but I did at least get a welcome drink of Cava. The bathroom was very generous in size and was covered all over in marble. Well-functioning air conditioning in an otherwise extremely hot city in July. One of the very best breakfast buffets I have ever had, both in quality and assortment. I will sure stay in H10 Universitat the next time I visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>essex_wej
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Value Me and my girlfriend travelled to the H10 Universitat Hotel for 4 days in mid-July 2006. The previous reviews that we had read of the hotel were great. The hotel did not dissapoint. Upon arrival the friendly and helpful staff were quick to offer us a glass of cava and make us feel very welcome. We arrived before the room check in time which was not a problem as our cases were stored away until we came back. The hotel reception area was modern and spacious. The restaurant area at the back, while we did not use it, looked nice, very clean, modern and exactly what you would expect from a 4* hotel. The room itself was fantastic. The bed was perhaps the biggest bed I have ever seen in any hotel I have stayed in. It must have been 2 double beds put together. But it did not impede on the space in the room. The room was light, airy, well air-conditioned (which is important in the steamy heat of barca!) and our room also had a walk-in shower which was huge. the hotel public areas were well maintained and the cleaners were always to be found around the hotel keeping the place immaculate. Our room had a safe, which was free of charge. The location of the hotel was AMAZING!! couldn't have asked for a better location. its about a 30 second walk to the plaza de catalunya (the main square in barcelona) and 20 seconds to the plaza universitat (which has a starbucks conveniantly located on one side of it to keep me happy). There is also a metro station here. The tourist bus also stopped directly outside our hotel so there was no need to walk around and join huge queues for the buses. Overall, the holiday was fantastic and the hotel made it a very enjoyable stay. I have never written a review on a hotel before but we were so pleased with this one we thought it deserved some credit!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SPFlorida
<Content>Nice hotel, perfect for sightseeing My husband and I and our two young teen children recently stayed overnight at the H10 hotel prior to boarding our cruiseship. This is not a luxury hotel, but I was very pleased with the price/value, cleanliness, and location of the property. Front desk personnel were helpful and offered refreshments on check in. We arrived around 2pm and had a short wait for our rooms - we were told this was in order to accomodate our request for adjoining rooms. Our rooms were not overly spacious but fine for our needs - I understand this to be usual for most European properties. As I think some others have commented, the elevator is small as well. Bathrooms were quite nice, and rooms with a rather modern/minimalist style had wood floors. Rooms are air conditioned and were comfortable in the summer heat. The hotel is only a couple of blocks from Placa Catalunya and the upper end of Las Ramblas, making it easy to walk and sightsee in the evening. There are several American chain restaurants nearby (Subway, KFC, etc), a number of small cafes, and a larger cafe with outdoor seating near Las Ramblas which was nice but a little pricey. Of course, there are lots of cafes on Las Ramblas to choose from if you walk a bit farther. The large department store (Le Corte Engles, or similar name) on the far corner of Placa Catalunya has everything, including a grocery store on the lower level. I booked my reservation on the Active Hotels website, and was given a price quote inclusive of all taxes. Cancellations are permitted prior to arrival, and payment is made at the hotel. Everything pertaining to these arrangements went very smoothly, and the price was reasonable for two rooms. The Active hotels website gave very good directions to the hotel from the airport using public transportation, and apparently the Aerobus from the airport stops very close to the hotel, but we elected to take a taxi for the four of us (which I think was around 40 Euros). Taxis are readily available, clean, and seemed reasonably priced. Barcelona was lovely- La Sagrada Familia is not to be missed!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location       Hotel at night  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>llacour
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I just got back from an amazing trip to Spain. We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and had a great visit. The room was very nice, the shower was amazing and beds were comfortable. The location is great, right next to everything you'd like but not right on the main strip. We didn't have breakfast there as we decided to walk around the corner to this great cafe and had the best cafe con leche in Spain! We stayed on the 6th floor and had a great balcony facing the street. It was a bit loud in the morning but it was good for us as we needed to get up and enjoy the day. We did feel the subway a little but since we were on the 6th floor, it didn't bother us much. I would recommend staying on one of the higher floors because it may be a bit much on the lower levels.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, convenient  Stayed here for a long weekend with my sisters. The staff were very friendly, nothing was too much trouble. The rooms (we had 2 next door to each other) were lovely, very comfortable  complete with a safe in each for our valuables. The restaurant was excellent - buffet breakfast with everything you could want. We also dined here twice, the food was so good and so reasonable we couldn't resist coming back. Of course that was partly because the service was so good  the waitress so friendly. We loved our stay here from the champagne welcome drink to the free internet access in the lobby. The hotel is within an easy 3-4 stroll of the top of Las Ramblas  the departure spot for the tourist bus. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona  would look at staying at another H10 hotel on future visits to Spain  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fluffy78
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location!       The bathroom  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JandGWestSussex
<Content>Lovely Staff, Ideal Location My boyfriend and I stayed at the H10 Universitat for 1 week to celebrate his birthday. The hotel is ideally located near shopping/restaurants/transport links. We had a lovely time and the hotel was a very good choice. We booked online and were very impressed with the room and our arrival drinks. We were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday and much to our surprise, the hotel staff delivered gifts to him- a bath robe, slippers and chocolates! The buffet breakfast was lovely and the staff were very friendly. If I ever go back to Barcelona, I'll definitely stay at the H10 Universitat!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Netherland
<Content>Super stay at the Universitat Just came back from a three-day trip to the Hotel Universitat. We did a lot of online research before we booked and we're really glad that we choose this hotel!The location is perfect, a two minute walk from the pl. the catalunya, close to the ramblas, you can walk to the harbour, to the shops, etc.The hotel is very stylish but elegant. Nice lobby, beautiful restaurant. The rooms are pretty big for europe standards and are beautiful decorated. The beds were not awful at all; a little hard but very comfy! The room and bathroom had everything you wish for.The breakfast is great! A lot to choose and everything is really fresh and delicious. Lots of bread (most of them still warm), sweet pastries, fruit (from cinnamon-apples to melon), yoghurt, cereals, salmon, cheeses, etc. I can really recommend it.The people in the hotel are great and very warm. When you arrive, there's champaign and some nuts/chips waiting for you (what a welcome) and in the afternoon you can get some snacks. Everything is perfectly organised.Can't say a bad thing about this hotel, would go back anytime!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RNoon
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back from a long weekend in Barcelona. The H10 Universitat was a great hotel with really friendly staff. When we arrived we were given Champagne which was lovely and each afternoon in the bar you could get complimentary pastries, sandwiches  crisps, which was a really nice touch, they also had free internet access. We went with another couple who's suitcase didn't arrive with their plane and the staff took all the paperwork from them and keps phoning Easyet periodically throughout the day to see what was happening. When it did arrive they left it in their room as we were out for the day.It was also one of our parties birthday the day before we arrived, which we didn't mention to them but they must've noticed from the passports because they delivered a box of chocolates to her just after we arrived. The location is great and very easy to get to and from the Auerobus (which is the best way from the airport), it's literally a 5 minute walk which is very handy when you're lugging your suitcase around. As per other comments you can feel the metro underneath but only as a faint rumble and it certainly didn't disturb me, I didn't notice that the beds were uncomfortable but after a day of walking around Barcelona I would've happily slept in the bath.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tessar
<Content>Lovely hotel - awful bed The hotel is in a fantastic location and very close to the underground, and so easy to get to. The staff were friendly and we were given champagne on arrival.We were on the 7th floor and the room was very nice. The King size bed turned out to be the worst bed we had ever slept on (or not as was the case). It was like sleeping on the floor it was so hard. We slept really badly the 2 nights we were there, which was a real shame, because apart from the bed, it was a lovely hotel.We're not big on breakfast ourselves, but it was good, and varied.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware back sufferers Good rooms, excellent breakfast, very helpful staff. All as described by other reviewers. Good location. BUT the beds are very hard and will not help backache if you suffer with a bad back!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Valueformoney
<Content>Great location good service - Wonderful Great hotel. Super staff. Best location. Use the public services Blue stripe bus from airport E3.75 pp to Universitat street(3d stop), get off there and ask local for direction only 'stones throw away'. The staff are helpful and very polite. Once there try tourist bus highlights the best areas to determine future plans(very windy on top deck) . Must see Maritime museum and Barri Gotti area where the restaurants are good and not as expensive as Las ramblas. Dress is smart,comfortable and very casual. Lovely atmosphere will return to H10 Universitat. No problem with pickpockets - just be sensible.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bluenose44
<Content>SUPERB Stayed at the H10 11th to 14th April. What can i say, superb hotel, superb service and food. Rooms are very clean and a good size and as for the shower, what a wake up call, very powerful. We stayed in a room on the 4th floor at the front. Spotlessly clean, cleaned each day. Noise from traffic was minimal, didn't have to use ear plugs at all. As per previous posts you can hear the metro trundling underneath the hotel but this again was minimal. The staff were very helpful right from the speedy check in to the end of our stay. Breakfast was buffet style and was included in my price. It was good value everything you could want in a breakfast. It is also a 5 minute walk from the main hub of the city and La rambla. This is a 4 star hotel bordering on a 5*. I got a good deal when i booked direct with the hotel. If you want luxury and dont want to pay over the odds then it has to be the H10!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel for a city break We have just returned from a city break in Barcelona, staying at the hotel Universistat.This hotel is within easy walking distance of the aerobus , which transported us very efficiently from Barcelona airport.The staff were polite and gracious, the decor clean , cool and contemporary, and the breakfasts were top class, catering for every possible taste, from the tradional British fry to rice cakes, carrot juice and even soya milk. Full marks to this hotel - keep up the good work.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel! Hello everyone,stayed at the H10 Universitat last week-14th to 18th March. Took a taxi from the airport-about 15鈧? But you can also take a bus which stops at Placa Catalunia, a 3 minute walk from the hotel. We asked for a room on a higher level not to the main street-and got it. The story with the tube is true-you can feel that she is running under the hotel, but that`s not worth talking about it. Breakfast costs 15鈧?per person, sounds much, but it`s really good and huge. You get everything there, so you can have a kind of brunch and don`t need much for lunch... You can have breakfast from 7.30h to 10.30h. The hotel is right in the centre of Barcelona, 5 minutes away from Las rambles, the big and famous street that goes right down to the harbour/beach. We walked a lot, used the tube sometimes, you can get a day card, costs 5鈧?per person, you can use train, bus and tube as often as you like during that day. The room was good sized, not to big, but ok, very clean, which should be the most important thing... People there are also very friendly, so we absolutelly enjoyed our stay in that nice hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lesleyfb
<Content>4 day break in Barcelona We caught the blue airport bus just outside the airport and got to the Placa Catalunya in about 30 mins at a cost of 鈧?.75 each. We missed the hotel the 1st time we tried to find it as a big truck was offloading in front of the hotel and blocked the name of the hotel! We got there at about 11.30am  left our luggage as the room wasn't ready. When we got back at about 1.15pm we were welcomed with a glass of bubbly and some nuts. Our room was bigger than I expected on the 5th floor. Very clean, huge bed, great bathroom. We went to El Corte Ingles later that day and put our water, wine  chocolate in the room fridge. The socket for our kettle didn't work so we had to have it plugged in next to the bed. The next day the cleaners had taken the plastic cups away and hadn't replaced them but an hour after we rang for some they were delivered.I asked about the breakfast being on offer at 鈧? each for the first morning but they said that was another H10 hotel so we didn't have breakfast for 鈧?4 each but had an Americano breakfast in a place just opposite El Corte Ingles which was fine except for the spicy sausage. There was bacon, smashed (scrambled) eggs, sausage  loads of toast with butter. Freshly squeezed orange juice (delicious) and coffee. What a deal! About 200 yrds from the H10 Universitat there was an all you can eat help yourself buffet called Fresh ca or something like that. At lunchtime for 鈧?.95 you can help yourself to salads, pastas, soup, bread, pizza, kebabs, puddings  coffee. We also had a coke and a beer each - great for under 鈧?5 in total! In the evening the price went up to 鈧?.95 each.Our room was next to the elevator and the 1st night we were woken by someone bidding farewell to some friends who were obviously on another floor but slept like a log the following 2 nights as I remembered to put in my earplugs. Our room was facing the street but the noise was negligible and we did hear what someone said was the Metro running under the hotel but we think it was under the road and it was very slight. I actually think it could have been the elevator! We were given 2 cards for the room and because I like the room cool we left one of them in the slot to keep the air conditioning on but on returning the cleaners had removed the card! Saving on electricity I expect. It did take the A/C a little while to cool the room down. What else? We used the free internet access in the lobby a few times and once I noticed some small sandwiches, nuts  pastries in the lobby just behind the computers. We paid 鈧?21 total for the 3 nights on the net but 7% went on top for taxes - breakfast wasn't included.It was worth the money for the location. Everything was within walking distance - the airport bus, the metro, restaurants, etc. We bought a T10 ticket each for the metro entitling us to 10 trips each which was plenty. I'd go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DR GILL
<Content>10/10 for H10 Superb location with easy foot/bus/metro access to everything this fantastic city has to offer. The hotel is on a very busy and noisy junction so make sure your room is high up (there are 8 floors) and not overlooking the street if possible. Our rooms were lovely, contemporarily furnished and decorated, spotlessly clean and each with a modern, large bathroom. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and everybody speaks English. The restaurant lacked atmosphere but the food was really excellent (tho' we didn't have the 15 euro breakfast there, preferring the tiny but cheap and tasty Bagel House just off La Rambla.) Buy a 2-day Tourist bus ticket from the tourist office in Placa de Catalunya 200 metres from the hotel (one day on the northern circuit and one on the southern) and, if you're like us, you'll want to return again and again.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Die007
<Content>Great stay at the Universistat My wife and I have just got back from a very enjoyable 3 night stay at this excellent 4 star hotel Feb 2006. Superb position 100yds from the Metro at Placa Catalunya. We had room 212 which was very clean and comfortable also quite large. The bed was huge although maybe a little hard for some. Hotel was very quite and the food for breakfast was excellent with a great choice of hot and cold foods. Most of the main tourist attractions are within working distance, La Rambla for example approx. 200yds away. Plenty of bars, restaurants etc close to hotel. Don't use the train from the airport as you will be put on a shuttle bus which drops you about a mile away from Placa Catalunya and you may not know where you are. This is because they are improving the line and it looks as if it will be like this for some time to come. We booked the hotel on H10's own site which was cheaper than anyone else. GREAT HOTEL!!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tommac
<Content>Excellent Value Stayed 4 nights in the Universitat. Great location, friendly people, fine room, excellent breakfast, excellent value.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>paulreith
<Content>first class went to the hotel universitat on 29/01/06 with my wife for 2 days for my birthday. This hotel is first class for service, cleanliness and friendliness of staff. Glass of bubbly on arrival and when the staff found out it was my birthday, they had chocolates sent to our room. Taxi from airport is 25 euros and the price of drinks etc is much the same as home. Iwould have no hesitation reccomending this hotel to all, and would definitely stay here the next time we visit Barcelona. If anyone would like more info, you can e email me p.reith@ntlworld.com  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>denhols
<Content>great hotel, location, value-lots of rain ! We booked this hotel due to reccomendations on this site and we were not dissapointed. The hotel is really modern and clean,in a great location. There were nice welcoming touches such as cava on arrival and freesnacks in the bar at teatime. We would reccomend eating in the hotel they do a good 3 course set menu for 拢12 ish that includes pre-dinner drinks and a bottle of wine, we ate there one night because it was raining cats and dogs most of the 3 days we were in Barcelona and we wanted to see if rain would die down a bit. We were really impressed with the transport infrastructure, the direct connection to plaza catalunya outside the airport and the tourist buses ( we did the blue and red routes). We really enjoyed the Miro museum and El Pueblo and the aquarium - great things to do when its raining ! The award for the best sites has to go to Mr Gaudi though, particularly Casa Batillo, impressive inside as well as out, Park Guell for a nice stroll and the wonderful Sagrada Familia, though go here early or late as its less busy. We enjoyed our meal at the Attic on Las Ramblas, wasn't as much as a rip off as we thought it might be given its position- similar meals in St Marks square etc would have cost at least double- it was worth it for us as we got there at about 6.00pm we got a window seat. We loved Barcelona despite the weather and had no experiences with crime or pickpockets though forewarned is fore armed- the area around the bottom of Las Ramblas near the harbour gets a bit dodgy after midnight due to prostitutes and pushers but all in all we felt really safe in this city.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seleus
<Content>Great Hotel in every way Stayed here for 3 days over Xmas 2005. Couldn't fault the hotel, great room, great breakfast (champagne on Xmas morning) staff very friendly and helpful. We didn't mind it being at the top of Las Ramblas and enjoyed walking up and down there. Went to the Attic resturant for a meal, what a mistake!! Overpriced, plates removed as soon as you had finished, not much atmosphere. Wouldn't recommend it, much better places to eat and cheaper. Loved Barcelona, plenty to see and do, in fact going back in May to cover what we missed first time round. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>d00bht
<Content>Great location, lovely staff and a very powerful shower!!! My boyfriend and I stayed here at the end of January for a weekend. I booked direct with the hotel which amazingly worked out cheaper than expedia, last minute etc! I did request a double room but when we arrived they showed us to a huge twin room - we went down and were very quickly moved to a double room which wasn't exactly huge but was well equipped and had a gorgeous bathroom with an incredibly powerful shower (I could have stayed there all day!). We had no problems with noise and loved the welcome cava. Breakfast is huge and very good, the staff are friendly and helpful and the hotels location is superb! I would definately recommend this hotel and will definately return!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Special_Kay
<Content>Could not have been better! My boyfriend and I have just returned from spending 3 nights at the H10 Universitat, and we have no complaints at all about this hotel.I requested a non-smoking room on a high floor and the hotel did as I asked, the room was a good size for the two of us and we did not experience any noise whatsoever, perhaps because our room was not facing the main street. The staff were pleasant and helpful throughout our stay.The hotel was only a couple of minutes walk from Placa Catalunya after we got off the aerobus, and we were welcomed with a glass of cava which was much appreciated! On the second night we ate in the hotel and the meal was fabulous, I would definitely recommend eating there. Overall, the H10 is a great hotel in the centre of Barcelona, and my boyfriend and I are already considering a return trip for our 21st birthdays in September.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>UnitedGirlLondon
<Content>Great hotel - just be pushy about your rooms!! Booked this place on the basis of tripadvisor reviews and was not disapppointed - just returned from 3 nights in Jan 06 - myself and baby (they provided cot) plus my parents - 2 rooms - all room requests were met - we had interconnecting rooms on 6th floor both good size and altho they were not soundproof - as a family it was not a problem - I would strongly recommend you check if you have a connected room and ask to be changed as you WILL hear them next door very clearly - great facilities including kettle and fridge (again -great if you have baby)- v clean and modern - as far as noise goes - Barcelona is noisy and i have been many times - take earplugs or expect to hear the road and hallways outside - the location is perfect for exploring all parts of the city and very near good transprt links - breakfast was best I have had in European hotels and they don't mind if you are running late - cava and coffee still flows at 10.30 - fantastic staff and when you have a baby in tow - this is invaluable - if you can get a good deal on the internet (we paid 89 euros per night including breakfast) then this is very good value for money -I would recommend this place as long as you ask for and get the room you want oh- the welcome glass of cava after a delayed flight was much appreciated!! eating tips - Sagardi on calle Argenteria for basque tapas in El Born area (in fact this whole area is great for eating/drinking)travelling with baby tips - no changing facilities ANYWHERE! except Parc Guell and Picasso museum -be warned.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveller_HW
<Content>Great but a few areas that could be improved I stayed here in Dec 05 based on the reviews from this website. I second all the reviews about the hotel being in a great location and that the hotel was very clean and comfortable. The special lunch menu was absolutely fantastic. Based on some of the reviews we were worried about the room sizes so we asked for a bigger room and they had no problems with honouring our request. We stayed on the 6th floor, next to the lift, facing the main road. However, I felt the need to write about some areas that bothered me somewhat that could be improved:1. The shower DOES run hot and cold! It became rather irritating after a while. I mentioned this to reception staff and he said he'll get maintenance to fix it but from the look on his face I knew that it wouldn't be fixed, as he looked as though he had heard it 100 times before. He didn't even write down my room number! Needless to say it never did get fixed and was still running hot and cold for the remaining part of our stay. 2. There are no shower curtains so the floor was always flooded with water (they have a very small glass panel (which does nothing in keeping the water inside the bath!) There was no lock on the bathroom door.3.The double beds were not double/kingsize beds, they were two single beds pushed together and held together by the fitted sheet (felt slightly cheated). The beds would also move out of place... (again bothered me somewhat)and if you leaned against the board to watch TV, the bed would move away from the wall leaving a big gap... 4. Our room was very noisy from the cars on the main road ( even with window shuts) but worst still was the connecting room next door, you could hear every conversation VERY clearly and their conversations would wake us up in the middle of night. I think there definitely should be soundproof walls especially in a 4* establishment. In sum, would I stay here again? Maybe! As it was a lovely hotel in a fab location but due to these areas that could be improved I'll probably try elsewhere. But I'll definitely go back to the hotel restaurant!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A frustrating experience I so much wanted to like this hotel but it really let itself down in a big way. First of all the plusses. Fantastic location, right in the centre of town, close to everything. Superb breakfast, both in the room or in the restaurant. Superb staff, did an excellent job of being very welcoming and accommodated several requests (I speak Spanish so I don't know if that helped). Rooms, wonderfully well-appointed. However, and this is a really big one, the main point of staying in a hotel is being able to sleep and this is one thing that was impossible in this hotel. I was on vacation and in no hurry to get up early every day. Yet, I was woken up every morning at 8:30 by the cleaners in the hallway, screaming, shouting and going about their business. I figured it was a one off, but sadly it happened on my second morning after having returned to the hotel at 6am. It was too bad as I really wanted to like the hotel but sadly, on this occasion, I was let down.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely brilliant... Myself and my girlfriend stayed 3 nights at this hotel just recently. I can highly recommend it to anyone wanting to experience the brilliant city of Barcelona.It is a two minute walk to La Ramblas and only a little further to some of the main attractions (such as Gaudi buildings).The staff were excellent, the breakfast was good and the room was perfect.If we go back to Barcelona, we won't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel for price What a fantastic find this hotel was. We have just completed our Christmas shopping in the city and this hotel is in a perfect location for this. It is 500 meters from the top of La Rambla and close to everything you need. The hotel is clean, modern, freindly staff, affordable (check the tourist info website for the best prices) and ideally located. Quality  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Patchoo
<Content>Perfect I took my boyfriend to the H10 Universitat Hotel as a surprise for his 30th birthday and we both loved it. I didn't mention the fact that it was his birthday to the hotel and yet we arrived back to our room one afternoon to find a happy birthday note and some chocolates! This coupled with the welcome cava made our stay a little more memorable. The rooms are a little small but the main point is that they are clean, comfortable and safe.Also, despite some previous concerns about the area around the hotel being unsafe, we found it totally fine and didn't witness any mugging/pickpocketing at all in Barcelona.Book this hotel for a hassle free stay!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy hotel in great location My girlfriend and I booked four nights here (arrived back in the UK yesterday) after reading the very positive reviews on tripadvisor.com. I can only repeat what they all say!We found a good deal on lastminute. I'd recommend the breakfast if you can get a good inclusive deal - it's an excellent spread (buffet including cooked breakfast, cereals, fruit, hams etc - even wine!!) and is open until relatively late (10.30am). The waiting staff were very efficient at replacing the food and getting guests seated.The staff are friendly and generally give the impression of trying to do that bit extra if they can, whether it's opening a wine bottle or calling you a taxi. The rooms are very modern and clean. We ended up at the front on the second floor, but neither of us really noticed the low rumbling of traffic - it certainly didn't stop us getting to sleep. The room was a good size - best to avoid the smaller rooms overlooking the lightwells though.I have no real complaints (except one thing - the only English language TV station was Sky News - made siestas a little dull after a while!!). Overall I thought it was excellent value for money. You can walk to virtually everything and it is ideal for first-timers to Barcelona. Personally I'm very glad we avoided the tackier noisy Ramblas hotels!!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Heldigmann
<Content>Good location -- clean but slightly small room We stayed at H10 Universitat for three nights. We had asked for a quiet room when we booked online. The hotel staff noted this when we checked in (without our prompting) and gave us a room on the highest floor away from the main street. It was nice of them to accommodate us. Unfortunately we got a room that was rather small for two. Looking at the floor plan, which is near the elevator, we gathered that there are two or three room sizes for double occupancy, and ours was in the smallest class. We asked to change room after this discovery, but it was too late by that time because other guests have checked in. If you decide to stay at this hotel, and you find that your room is a little small, you might want to check the floor plan to confirm this. Remember rooms for the same occupancy (and probably same price) are not all equal in size.We also found that our door does not block out hallway noises very well. Luckily the guests on our floor were not noisy, but we could hear them coming and going.On the plus side, the room was well maintained, with clean, modern styling. The bed was firm and comfortable, although the sheets were a little rough on the skin. We liked the little conveniences provided with the room, like the electronic safety box and the powerful hair dryer.The bathroom, which runs the length of the room, was spacious in sharp contrast to the rest of the room. After a while, we joked that we should remove the bathroom door to reduce the claustrophobic feeling.The location of the hotel is terrific. It is about half a block from the Pla莽a Catalunya, and lies at the southern border of the Eixample. The Barri Gotic and Raval neighborhoods are all easy walking distance away.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Finlay_Jake
<Content>Excellent location in the heart of the city We stayed at this hotel from 21/11 to 24/11 and booked it for a very reasonable rate from lastminute. The location is the BEST thing about this place as it is only a 2 minute walk to Plac Catalunya and the Ramblas. The staff are vey friendly and although the room was very clean it was a little small. Would have preferred a bath but the shower was excellent. All in all a great place and would definitely recommend it to a first-timer in Barcelona.**tip for a lovely meal in a friendly environment is the Citrus restaurant on Passeig de Gracia (across from Casa Baltto)**  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ronniem
<Content>Universitat was great!! Great!!! Met all (or most) expectations. Generally couldn't be faulted. A slight niggle was that if you breakfast late (at the weekend) the hot food was not filled up. Cava for breakfast made up!A tip from a previous writer was great - get the barcelona bus at the last stop before the square - turn right from the hotel; turn left at the lights - bus stop 50m on opposite side - good top floor seats - but cold at this time of the year!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>imabari
<Content>Centre of Barcelona! We stayed here last weekend for 4 nights and had a very good stay. We booked directly on the H10 website after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. We requested a large room and got a decent size room at the back of the hotel wich was very quiet. Whilst the room was not as big as we had hoped, it was a little bigger than some that we happened to see (but not as big as others).The hotel is very trendy, modern and friendly. The bathroom is huge and probably takes up a third of the room. The location is fantastic being a 1 minute walk from the Plaza de Catalunya and La Rambla!We had the breakfast which we were very happy with. There were lots of hot and cold options which were all very tasty! Also available were some English language newspapers and free internet at the 2 terminals in the lobby. All in all we had a great stay right in the centre of Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MJY
<Content>Fabulous Got this hotel at the last minute from the website after eading a lot of reviews about other hotels. Got a fab rate of 214 euros for two nights, twin room. When we arrived was really impressed by the glass of cava given to us on reception and althought he rooms were not that big, we'd asked for a quiet room and got just that. It was at the back of the hotel and never even heard anyone in the corridor, even though the hotel was almost full! The room was just lovely, really modern and trendy. A real 4 star hotel. Didn't try out the breakfast went to the little bar next door, really good food. Plus the Rioja is only 7 euros!Couldn't fault the area just off the Plaza de Cataluya, so excellent for walking around.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find. Perfect Location This was our first visit to Barcelona, and very pleased with our choice of Hotel. It was recommended by a Spanish colleague, who stays there all the time. Excellent location for a first timer to the city, as its central for all the main attractions, and easy to find. Welcomed with a glass of Cava and nibbles (nice touch) Staff very friendly, and couldnt fault them. Room was average size (twin room)and very clean. Room faced main street. Street noisy, but as you would expect in the middle of a city. great modern bathroom, with great power shower. Lots on offer offer at breakfast time.. hot and cold options. Some great eateries to the north of the hotel (away from La Rambla) and less touristy. Overall a very enjoyable stay and would go back there without a doubt.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't find a single fault with this hotel!       The view from the balcony  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RockNuvell
<Content>The W of Barcelona This place was awesome. We stayed on the top floor facing the street... marble baths, comfy bed, outdoor patio, and it was stylin and new. Little bar downstairs to grab a drink before going out for dinner. Oh! only drawback is that we left 1:40 pm, way past the check out time, and they will make you pay for an extra day, regardless whether you are actually staying or speak fluent Spanish from Spain. Overall, this place should suit all walks of life... you can pay more for a five star hotel, but this is pretty top notch for Spain.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nmaria
<Content>H10 never let you down The Universitat has a great location as mentioned previously by so many. The rooms are clean and spacious. Everything you would expect of a 4* hotel. Breakfast is full of variety and the staff are dilligent - ensuring you do not wait too long for service or a table. The reception staff are excellent and friendly throughout the day.I enjoyed my stay earlier this year and have chosen to return again this autumn.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lichfield49
<Content>Excellent We found this hotel on tripadvisor and have just returned from a 3 night stay. We were welcomed with cava (very nice touch). The hotel location is very good, only a 5 minute walk from Las Ramblas and train station. The staff were very helpful and friendly, rooms spacious and very clean. We would not hesitate to stay again when we return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Audri
<Content>Very Good Experience My two female friends and I have just returned from a 3 day stay in Barcelona and we were all very pleased with our choice of hotel - especially me and I am VERY fussy about accommodation. First of all I must say something about the hotel's location. It is perfectly placed for sight seeing, shopping and dining. It is only a couple of blocks from Plaza Catalunya from where you can travel by metro, train or bus to almost anywhere in the city. This is also where all the bus tours (costing 17 Euros for 1 day or 21 for 2 days) begin and end plus you are close to the Passeig de Gracia (wonderful examples of Gaudi's architecture and great shops) and La Rambla - not a favourite of mine. You are in strolling distance of Port Vell and just around the corner from the Barri Gotic AND the airport bus - costing 3 Euros - stop a few metres away. You can also get an air conditioned train, directly to the airport from Plaza Catalunya at a cost of only 2 Euros. How brilliant is that!In terms of the hotel itself - after reading, on this site, about the traffic noise and the pokiness of the rooms on the lower floors, I emailed the hotel, requesting rooms on the 7th floor. They were very pleasant in their response but said they could not guarantee where rooms would be situated but would do their best to grant my request when we arrived. So I was really pleased when we checked in to discover that our rooms were on the 7th floor. The cold glass of cava, offered to all guests on check-in, free of charge, added to my delight. I had a single room and my two friends shared a twin. Both rooms were lovely. The twin was spacious enough for two women with far too much stuff for only a 2 night stay and my room had a double bed and a huge bathroom with a superb shower and (all the women I know appreciate this) a well lit, adjustable make-up mirror. Though we had no view to speak of the rooms were light, extremely clean, very quiet and well appointed with safes, independent air con and heating system, toiletries - including toothbrushes, and plenty of wardrobe space and hangers. The mini bar was well stocked and reasonably priced and I loved the plasma screen TV in my room. The staff were friendly, polite and very attentive. The buffet breakfast which was included in the price (150 Euros/拢100 per night for the twin room and 120 Euros/拢80 for single) was excellent, offering everything from a wide selection of fresh fruit, fresh fruit juices, cereals, hot and cold food, cheeses, cakes, a choice of teas, coffees and best of all - Cava. My only complaint is about the water temperature which was very unstable. Second after achieving the perfect temp the water would go cold so showering was a bit frustrating. Also the flooring was a little dodgy. They have used a laminate and it is beginning to move and lift a little. That apart I really liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again which I hope woun't be too far in the future.A TIP - the queues for the tour buses in Plaza Catalunya were very long. Save yourself the boredom of a tedious wait by getting on the bus in the street just across from the hotel. Come out of the hotel, cross the street, go right then first left. The bus stop is at the end of this road on the other side. This is the pen-ultimate stop before the tour ends and the bus is almost empty so no waiting and plenty of room on the top. I wish someone had told us about it!!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MartinaZT
<Content>Great location, lovely rooms We've just returned from a five-night stay at the h10 universitat. Our experience was mainly very positive. Prior to our stay (having read the reviews on tripadvisor) we had requested a larger room above the 4th floor. When we got there we were indeed allocated a large room on the 7th floor. We were not offered any cava on arrival but the room was ready when we got there at 12 noon so that was more important. The room was at the front of the hotel, clean and spacious with two large single beds (which we pushed together) and a wonderful bathroom with the most amazing shower and plenty of storage space next to the sink for toiletries. The air-conditioning is extremely efficient (it was 28 degrees outside) and so quiet that we weren't sure it was working when we first got to the room. The hotel is located a couple of minutes away from plaza catalunya, less than five minutes from Las Rambla or the much better Rambla Catalunya (go here for the best meals and evening drinks rather than Las Rambla which is overpriced and poor quality). We walked nearly everywhere during our stay and only took the metro/buses when we got too weary or to go to Parc Guell and Tibidabo which is well worth it for the view. We can't comment on the breakfast as we didn't try it, however, 14 Euros per person seems way over the top and we had breakfast at various places in the neighbourhood, from hot baguettes and coffee for under 10 euros total to pastries and coffee for under 5 euros total. We did have a couple of problems at the hotel: 1. When we got there the minibar was not stocked up. 2. There are coffee/tea making facilies in the room but our housekeeper never stocked up the tea and coffee and we had to ask at reception every day. 3. To open the doors for the small balcony you had to obtain a key from reception of which there was only one for the whole hotel - a bit odd for a four star and very inconvenient. 4. There were only half a dozen hangers in the wardrobe. On reflection, it seems to be the housekeepers who let the hotel down which is a shame. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and more than happy to sort out any problems. On balance the problems we experienced were minor compared to the positive aspects and the great location.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JohnofStamford
<Content>Nice location, friendly staff, but beware currency rip off! We stayed here in August with another couple. The location is excellent, just a few minutes walking from Las Ramblas and Place de Catalunya. Our double rooms were the smallest we have ever stayed in, with barely enough room to walk around the bed. Still, not a big problem as we weren't in them enough for it to worry us. Main thing was that they were spotlessly clean and reasonably well equipped including plasma tv and room safe. In contrast the bathroom was large with a very powerful shower. Breakfast was excellent with a large choice of high quality hot and cold fayre. It really set us up well for the day. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful.I would have given this hotel 4 'dots' had it not been for the fiasco over billing which I only discovered when we got back to the UK. I paid with a Nationwide Visa card which I use because Nationwide do not make any charges for currency conversion. We had been quoted a price of 85 euros a day beforehand and all of the booking details were quoted in euros. When I got home I realised that instead of euros I had been charged in 拢 sterling. What's more , the credit card voucher which I had signed said  I accept that I have been offered a choice of currencies for payment, I acceptthe conversion rate and final amount. NO SUCH CHOICE WAS OFFERED. Despite 6 weeks of copious correspondence and complaint to the hotel manager they insisted that they were in the right. I reckon the currency 'con' cost me around 15 euros - not a huge amount but I object to being ripped off by anyone by any amount. But here's the real incredible bit. The hotel manager, whilst maintaining they had done nothing wrong, said he would collect the 15 euros from his staff if I sent him my address!! I reminded him that the company policy was the problem and not the staff and told him not to bother. This is a growing practice so beware. Rather than charging the bill in euros, the foreign firms are converting it to sterling on the spot, making a hefty profit on the exchange rate. There is currently nothing that UK credit card companies can do about it although I think they're on the case according to other websites.Out of principle I won't be returning to the H10 group which is a pity for them as we take up to 6 european breaks each year. Don't say you weren't warned!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donalDublin
<Content>Great value Great Hotel. This hotel is located very near Plaza Catalunya (about 2 mins) but far enough to escape the noise.The rooms are are well specced out with plasma screen TVs with programmes in many languages. The only minor quibble is that the room is a little on the small side. However the bathroom is excellent. The shower is fabulous. As other reviewers have noted the room has a safe.I cannot comment on the restaurant as breakfast at 14 euro is a little stiff. Potential customers are advised to try several booking sites to obtain the best price. For a 3 night stay (single room) there was a difference of 100 euro between two sites. By telephone the hotel quoted a price which matched the dearer web price.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lookalikee
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a fantastic city We found this hotel on trip advsor and cannot wait to return. We could not fault this hotel during our 3 night stay. The location was perfect - very central, minutes from the airport bus stop, but was also quiet. Our room was small but had everything we needed and more. Very comfortable and very clean with fantastic shower. Breakfast was amazing - quality as well as quantity which meant we couldn't even think about lunch.There was lots of little extras including a welcome glass of Cava on arrival. We are already planning our next trip.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marshreed
<Content>Location, Location, Location The H10 Universitat is not the most luxurious hotel but it is clean and provides excellent service. The key to this hotel, however, is location, location, location. Universitat is smack-dab in the middle of the action. Still, it is about 1/2 block off the northern end of Las Ramblas - just far enough to escape the noise of one of Europe's busiest streets. If you walk just north, you are on Passeig De Gracia, Barcelona's equivalent of New York's 5th Avenue. Hotel breakfast is pricey but it's the only game in town as you can only find Jamon and Queso (ham and cheese) anywhere else!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarahito
<Content>Nice place to stay--plusses and minuses We stayed in a nice big room on the 4th floor in the back of the hotel. It was pretty quiet, although at times we could hear others talking loudly. Plusses: big room (according to European standards), nice shower and vanity, lots of TV channels. BIG plus: VERY close to all the action in Plaza de Catalunya and la Rambla. Maids did a good job.Minuses: beds were the hardest I've ever slept on! They also moved around easily---when I propped myself up to watch TV the whole bed would move 6 inches. Blankets were not cozy. Pillows were flat, but there are fluffy ones in the closet. Our deadbolt didn't lock (the plate on the door frame wasn't attached properly).  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel in centre Barcelona First, the staff are really helpful though their English is a bit unexpected sometimes. they give us the information we need at their greatest help.The room is a bit small, just two steps from the door to the bed. However, it is bright, clean, and comfortable. The bathroom is big, especially the strong shower. A nice and relaxing shower is guaranteed!The plasma TV with many different channels in various languages is very good. No need to worry about safety as the area around is safe, just a 3-min walk from Metro Plaza Catalunya. The safety locker provided in the room is a good place to put your valuables.Las Ramblas, which needs a 5-min walk, and El Corte Ingles (a huge department store with all kinds of goods) are bonus for the hotel. No problem to walk back to hotel from Las Ramblas even at midnight.One more thing, really undefeatable, is its buffet breakfast. It's too difficult to use words to describe --- starters, salad, various kinds of cereals, cakes, bread, fruits, yogurt.......and more. The quantity is so great that you can have lunch until 3 p.m. Overall, it's worth to spend and stay in the H10 Universitat with the quality and service provided!!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As previus told, great value! We stayed at H10 Universitat between 8th and 16th of august based on reviews at this site. It was a nice hotel with somewhat small rooms but compared to other european hotels they were of normal size. The rooms were modern and nicely decorated. We got a room at first facing the street but the streetnoice and subway disturbed our sleep at night so we changed to a room at the 7th floor facing the backyard. It was so much better and quiet but a bit smaller and due to the windows the toilet and shower was a bit tiny. If you go there you should absolutly try to get a room facing the street at the upper floors! Better space and better bathroom with tub instead. Two nights we got disturbed by people talking in the corridor but we called the reception and they got up at once and told them to be quiet. Sound from the corridor easily gets through the doors but it was only the nights between friday and sunday we herd anything.Breakfast buffet was included in the 85鈧?we payed per night and it was excellent, even better than at the 5 star luxury hotel we stayed at in Madrid last year.The staff was helpful, some were more helpful and more nice than others as it always is. I beleve that you not can expect same service in Spain as in my home country Sweden, you totally feel a difference in shops and restaurants... The staff could recommend restaurants but since they handn't tried them i think you better find other sources to get recommendations.We ate at a restaurant at Rambla first night but it was overpriced and terrible so I recommend you go somewhere else to eat, except for one restaurant; Attic close to Placa Catalunya, it was great. Attic belongs to a chain of restaurants in Barcelona so you can get similar food at different restaurants.I could stay at the hotel again but 7 days in Barcelona is enough for me for some years. Maybe in the future...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Manski
<Content>Best Value Hotel in Centre of Barecelona Stopped 4 nights at the H10 Universitat at the end of July beginning of August and could not fault the hotel.Having read the reviews, we were happy with the room at the front whilst not huge was large enough for us, we left one of the keys in the room at all times so room was never over hot.The location is excellent near to all the main central areas near Las Ramblas. We used the orange bus Barcelona Tours and found this to be ideal, less crowded than the Bus Touristic and covered all main areas in one go.Overindulged in the excellent breakfast every morning, which helped adjust to not eating lunch until 3-00pm and dinner at 10-00pm (still early by local standards).Would reccomend Taller de Tapas if you want more from your Tapas than ham on bread and potato salad.The free internet was great though at times it was difficult to get on being only 3 terminals, but that was a small hardship.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>redhotrobert1979
<Content>Prefect city Break Hotel City breaks are all about location, and look no further than this cracking hotel.Located in the heart of the city - easy 50metre walk to Placa da Catalunya Metro station (direct trains to airport) and easy 2 mins walk from La Ramblas, main shops, and loads of restuarants and bars including Hard Rock Cafe (if thats your thing!).We just found the htel the ideal base to get around the city.Inside staff are warm and friendly, the atmosphere is relaxed, but being a new hotel all the rooms are well finished to a high standard e.g. flat screen TVs, huge showers and 1st class bathrooms. Breakfast was excellent (included in price)The only thing that stops this hotel getting 5 stars is the room size, which I felt was a little on the small size, but being a 6ft 4 chap - you may not have the same problems!All in all, the hotel made Barcelona a delight to visit  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value for Money This hotel is excellent value for money. The rooms are very clean, lovely bathroom and great service. Our rate included breakfast which was good value with lots of choice. Really good location, a minutes walk to Placa de Catalunya and La Ramblas. Only downside was no key to our balcony door, if you want to sit on balcony you have to phone reception who will send someone from housekeeping to open doors - you then have to go through procedure again to have then closed if you leave your room. Having said this, staff were very friendly, approachable and willing to help so it wasn't too much of a problem. We enjoyed our stay in this hotel and would have no hesitation returning.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kentuckeye
<Content>Great value, almost great hotel       Hope you're not shy in the bathroom!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Woods,irl
<Content>Excellent, very happy and no hesitation in recommending!! Just back from a 4 night stay in this hotel and this incredable city. Where do i start??, Location is fab only 3-4 min walk to the nearest pickup point for the aerobus, the only way to travel to and from the airport, 3.60 per person eachway. Only a short stroll from nearest metro, bus stop outside front door, La rambla a stones throw away. After reading other reviews we requested a room to the front which we got (402), room wasn't huge, but was big enough for a 4 night stay, aircon was fine, bathroom fantastic. We also got the cold glass of cava which was much appreciated. The staff were very friendly and helpfull, i asked for a recommendation for a top class restaurant for 1 night of our stay and this was duly obliged, La Dama, on Av. Diagonal, truely a treat!!. We booked with breakfast included and couldn't find fault here either, every morning until 10.30am a fresh and very extensive array of varying types of fare in buffet format, definately sets one up for a days site seeing or shopping. For site seeing would recommend bus turiste, the red and blue lines should satisfy everyones preferences. Don't leave without visiting the magic fountain display at espanya, we went at 9.30pm and really enjoyed it. All in all will have to put this trip down as a truely memorable one, and if we get the chance to go back will stay in the H10.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chaplondon
<Content>Fantastic Value! Perfect location. Lovely hotel. Great extra touches. Breakfast great. Cannot fault the place. Yes the rooms in the middle are very small, but so what its a city break hotel. We paid 80 Euros, dont think you can find a better bargain in Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's all the fuss about? My wife and I have just returned from a 5 night stay. Having read the Hotel reports on this site, we were a little sceptical. So having taken in all the remarks we asked for a room at the front of the hotel (these are definately the largest) our room 412 was nothing short of excellent and so well soundproofed from the 24 hour traffic of Barcelona. We too used the touristic bus, but found the 'blue' route very busy. I think that a one day ticket for a general view of the City plus subsequent travel on the Metro would be best suited for most.The Staff were excellent and arranged a beautiful bouquet of flowers for our anniversary.I should be glad to answer any E Mails fot further info.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>H 10 Gets 10 out of 10 Stayed for one full week . Very pleased with all aspects of our stay at this great hotel. Rooms( we had a second room for our adolescent children ) were spotless and well equiped . Breakfast was great and went on till 10.30 hrs. Staff were very friendly and helpful.Barcelona was also an excellent city for a summer break,keeping all four of us as busy as we wanted to be.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Largely based on tripadvisor reviews, my wife and I booked nights at the Universitat for pre and post cruise stays in Barcelona. Until arriving at the hotel, I did not realize that my travel agent had made the reservation for 1 person. Since we had not added the breakfast option, I didn't think this would be an issue, but the staff acted like I was trying to pull a fast one. Our pre cruise stay in the hotel was ok, other than climbing over our luggage in the small but nice room and being uncomfortable due to barely functioning air conditioning. Since the number of people had been an issue, I contacted my travel agent to change the post cruise reservation for 2 people to avoid issues on the next stay and hoping to get a larger room. Upon arrival at the hotel for our post cruise night, we were told that a water leak had flooded the 7th floor and we would be moved to another H10 Hotel. I was assured that the other property was equivalent to the Universitat including in room broadband internet access. Since another guest was checking in while we were talking to the manager and he seemed very tense and stressed about the situation, I had to question what was really going on. We were walked to the H10 Hotel Gravina several blocks away. It was ok, but the rooms were not as nice as the Universitat, no in room broadband access and the air conditioning was even worse than the Universitat. While reading reviews for the Gravina, I noticed that on two recent occasions they had experienced flooding also. What only seemed odd before, now appears to be a standard method for handling over booked situations at H10. I raised these issues with H10, but have not received any response. The Gravina staff were barely civil in responding to my complaints during checkout. All in all, not a horrible experience, but far less that I expected from a hotel with this rating and one of the low points on an otherwise fantastic vacation experience.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Universitat for 3 nights in June. The best thing about this hotel is it's location. Right on the Catalunya square, yet quiet enough to get some sleep. Reception staff were very welcoming, and although our room wasn't ready on arrival, we only had to wait about 15 minutes and were handed some very cold champagne whilst we waited. The room was modern but very, very small. Barely enough room to walk round the bed, very little wardrobe space (fine if you're only staying a few nights though), but was spotless. The bathroom is quite large and also very clean. Huge shower which was a real bonus. Other than the size of the room, there really was nothing to complain about at this H10 hotel. The location and cleanliness are definately the plus points. We didn't pay for breakfast, but there were plenty of take aways/eateries immediately outside the hotel to grab something quick and cheap enough. Would definately stay in this hotel again if we return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tallula-18
<Content>Great find We stayed for 2 nights at the H10 universitat. I was worried that it would not be nice because it was part of a big group of hotels. We were pleasantly surprised!It is close to Las Rambla (2 min walk). I would not stay closer to La Rambla as I found it a bit dirty and dodgy! It has stunning modern rooms and bathroom and the staff were really helpful.The breakfast was the best breakfast out of all 4 hotels we stayed at during our trip.And free internet! Also the hop on hop off bus stops really close (2 min walk).We went on the Touristic bus and there was minimum commentary but we never had to wait at any of the stops as there was a bus waiting every time. Be careful of the crime on La Ramblas. My husband lost 150 euros by playing a game with a street vendor!! It was a vibey great city.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smallest Hotel Rooms Ever! If you book this hotel - do not book a double room! The double rooms are internal and overlook 'courtyards' - 2m by 2m sq with no light. We stayed for 6 nights and considering how much we paid - this was really not worth it. I have never seen such a small hotel room in my life - and in a supposed 4 star. Also - the bathrooms - they are seperated by glass from the rest of the room - so you can hear - and see everything - especially as the bed is about half a meter from the door. Also, you can't fit any type of large bags in the room.Twin rooms are much better - but still have the awful bathroom situation although you cant see in quite as much. Shame as the hotel itself is very nice - wouldn't constitute as a 4 star in my books (or in the UK) but nice and clean, modern, fab location, huge breakfasts.Oh - the air con is also not very good - to be honest would not go back and (along with others we met at the hotel) are writing a letter of complaint to ask for money back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aussieblues
<Content>Excellent location This hotel had an excellent location, near Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas. It was also convenient to get to/from the airport with the aerobus stopping at Plaza Catalunya. The rooms were very nicely furnished and quiet and you are greeted with a glass of cava upon arrival. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. The only complaint we had was that our room was way too small. From the reviews it seemed that there are larger rooms available, so do ask for those if you can.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hausjac
<Content>Excellent hotel, lived up to reviews Booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews and was not let down. Great hotel, very friendly and helpful staff especially Sol in the restaurant (great food, pity more people don't eat there in the evenings). Buffet breakfast absolutely fantastic - everything you could wish for. Rooms very good and clean, only quibble was the very hard bed which suited my husband but not me! Situated in the centre of all the action. Highly recommended and would go there again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lazylounger
<Content>Great location, great value My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend break in July 05 and can highly recommend the hotel and Barcelona as a weekend break destination. The hotel is situated right next to Placa Catalunya and las Ramblas, so you don't need to go far for shops restaurants etc. However I would say better places to eat appeared to be away from the very touristy Ramblas where food was not as good quality or as cheap. The hotel itself was very clean and modern and staff spoke excellent english. Rooms were small with just a walking space around the bed, (but fine just for a weekend with not much luggage) but with a huge bathroom! There was TV, kettle, mini bar, hairdryer ... We paid 178 euros for two nights, bargain for a four star, which did not include breakfast and it was well worth the money, if I stayed again I would try and find a rate with breakfast included, but it wasn't a problem as there are plenty of cafe's on the same street where you can pick up a coffee and croissant for a few euros. A taxi from the station to the hotel was 5 euros. As for Barcelona its very easy to get around you can take the tourist bus, or if you like walking to get a real feel it is easy to take the metro to a sight and then walk between them as we did - the hotel supplies an excellent map! One sight that isn't mentioned much but is really good is the magic fountains which operate when it is dark by Placa Espana. They change colour and perform to the sound of music, worth spending some time on an evening with a drink watching them.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!! This hotel was excellent! Stayed here for my first city break with a friend and was thoroughly impressed. The staff were friendly and attentive helping with sightseeing, shopping etc. The rooms were immaculate with excellent air-conditioning which was really quiet, and a fantastic family-sized shower. We were greeted with a complimentary glass of Cava on arrival which was just perfect on a hot June afternoon. Did not eat breakfast or dinner in the restaurant but the menu looked very nice.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SexySim
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic !!!! This Hotel was Absolutely wonderful from the start. The receptionist were really friendly you have some bubbley on arrival. We read the reviews before we left the UK and they were so true. We asked for the front view as the rooms were bigger. To be quite honest even if it wasn't the room was perfect. The maid would lay little items for us as treats which made the stay extra special. The aero bus at the airport was a blessing as this dropped you in the middle of catalonia. The touristic buses were great we went on the red.blue and green routes with our 2 day passes.. The breakfast was to die for, the choices of foods, fruits anything you wanted you name it. We did so much in the 3 days we were there. The hotel is in a great location. This was truly a wonderful hotel I would recommend this Hotel as a perfect place to stay when visting Bareclona. As for pick pockets it is common sense to be careful where ever you go away so don't let this worry you just have as wonderful time in this beautiful city.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MHMoo
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel For a single female traveller, this hotel was simply the greatest in my whole trip (Madrid, Barcelona and Paris). The check in went smoothly and the reception was very friendly and efficient. The room I had (room 210) was small but very well laid out. The bathroom made up almost a third of the room with its frosted glass door and great lighting. The plasma tv up on the wall made the room cosy. A special mention : in all the other hotels I've stayed in, this one was the only one that offered the Travel Channel in English apart from the usual fare of CNN and BBC which tend to be very dry for a gal on holiday! The travel channel was very welcome during those hot afternoons of siesta to just lie in bed and watch. If not, I would be found checking my emails on 1 of the 2 internet computers in the lobby area.Location was just off Catalunya Plaza, the main and central tourist area where the tourist information office is and where all the major buses come through. Walked everywhere - to Sagrada Familia, the beach, Montjuic etc. I would recommend this hotel to EVERYBODY I know going to Barcelona. It's great and good value for the service and room you get.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>manchestertraveler
<Content>great place to stay just returned from the h10 universitat. this hotel is top quality. from the glass of cava on check in to another one on check out everything in between was class. the hotel is absolutely spotless, room had king size bed,bathroom and shower beautiful marble tiles. the staff were all very friendly and extreemly helpful. hotel situated 3 or 4 minutes easy stroll to las ramblas and closer to metro stations universitat and place de catalunya. the metro is an absolute must. 6.3 euro for a 10 ticket pass which enables you to visit all the attractions easily and with no effort at all. the longest wait we had for any metro train was 1minute 45 seconds, on thursday night we left the fountains at 10 o'clock and were sat in the irish bar at the bottom of las ramblas before quarter past 10 with the minimum of effort. we used the aero-bus from the airport, only 3.6 euro which left from right outside the airport exit and in only a couple of stops you were in universitat square only 3 to 400 mtres fron the hotel. the turistic buses are also a must 17 euro for 1 day or 21 euro for 2 day passes, this enables you to jump off the bus at all the tourest attractions take in all you have to see and then jump back on the next one [every 12/15 minutes]. if i was going back to barcelone i would not look into staying anywhere else. dont hessitaate to email if you need anymore information.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in a good location. Just returned from a 3 night stay at Hotel Universitat and would recommend it for its warm welcome, clean well equiped rooms and fantastic breakfast. Guided by previous reviews we asked for a room on a high floor and was given room number 807, which was a good size. Excellent location, just minutes from Las Ramblas and from the Areobus stop Universitat.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super little hotel Myself and my mum stayed here over the easter weekend for sightseeing, shopping and eating (tip - if you want to shop in Barcelona, don't come at easter - they all shut down on Good Friday and Easter Sunday and Monday!)This hotel is a little gem - from the beaming smile and glass of Cava that greets you to the best buffet breakfast I have ever had (the scrambled eggs are fab - must be organic, Cava and peach juice, cured meats, cheeses, pastries etc. etc.). The staff were helpful well beyond the call of duty.Small rooms but perfectly formed - we loved it. Location just off the Place de Catalunya is perfect (5 min walk off the airport bus). Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough - you can get deals that include breakfast so go for these.Well done H10 - we'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Degsy007
<Content>Wonderful hotel!! Just returned home from 4 nights in this wonderful hotel. The location is excellent and the staff were always very polite and nothing was too much trouble. The rooms are very modern but be warned, as the previous reviewer stated, some of them are very small. I stayed in 805 which was large enough for a 4 night stay. If you can, stay in rooms which are at the front or the rear of the hotel, the rooms which are sandwiched between these are very small. The room was very clean with fresh towels daily, the shower is fantastic and there were basic brewing facilities available. The breakfast was very good with a wide selection of fresh fruit, dates, cooked meats, bacon, sausages, eggs and much more. I didn't eat in the hotel during the evening, there is no point, Barcelona is crammed with places to eat. The staff will also look after your luggage when you check out until you are ready to head for the airport. Top tip-get the aerobus from and to the airport instead of a cab, 3.60 Euros per person one way, a cab is much dearer. Also, use the Bus Turistic, 21 Euros for a 2 day unlimited pass, forget the green line, there's nothing there!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chalkntalk
<Content>Great Stay Just got back from a fabulous weekend at H10 Universitat Hotel. The glass of Cava on arrival was extremely welcome. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. One of the reception staff went as far as to write down some useful phrases for us as we had no phrase book. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring the city. The room had a very stylish, contemporary design, with a fabulous bathroom. Be warned room 704 is VERY VERY small (smallest on that floor). It was fine for a couple of nights, but even then we were unable to fit all of our clothes in the small wardrobe (already containing spare pillows and blankets) and two tiny drawers.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel as there was a wonderful cafe, serving speciality breads, virtually opposite the hotel. We found a fantastic Catalan restaurant called L'Olive, five minutes' walk from hotel and off the tourist route (ask at reception for directions). It's not cheap, but great if you want to experience Catalan food - it's best to reserve a table as the place was full. Would definitely go back to H10 Universitat hotel Barcelona, but perhaps not in room 704!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Grovemontjanet
<Content>Wonderful hotel Great in every way...location, comfort, safety, cleanliness, helpful staff. Small rooms with every needed amenity. Affordable.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>40th Tour 11 Edinburgh lads on a 40th birthday trip (12th to 15th May). Hotel lived up to all expectations. Asked for rooms together and got them on the 4th floor, some overlooking street, which might have been marginally bigger, but all well equipped and clean. The staff were absolutely brilliant. Very helpful when chasing a lost Iberia suitcase. Again, helpful in phoning police to report a stolen wallet. Very tolerant when no doubt our noise levels increased when indulging in an early evening drink in the Hotel bar!Beautiful city and a delight to be there for the FC Barcelona street party. Only down-side is to be aware of pick-pockets 鈥?2 of our 11 lost wallets. So, keep a tight hold of your cash. Another thing is the presence of 'street walkers' and 'charlie' pushers on bottom of La Rambla after midnight - very persistent and most annoying (suppose we were an obvious target?).Last thing 鈥?due to the numbers, I booked via the hotel direct 鈥?they respond immediately to email 鈥?very efficient. Probably worked out cheaper and you don鈥檛 have to pay 鈥榯he middle-man鈥?in advance.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>harters
<Content>Great hotel. Great location Just back from 3 nights. The hotel is ideally located - literally less than 5 minutes walk from Placa Catalunya. Friendly helpful staff. Rooms are extremely well appointed, although perhaps a touch on the small side. Walk-in shower with the most powerful jet I've come across. The only point to note is that guests who are, perhaps, wider than us might have some difficulty in negotiating the door arrangement to the shower. Excellent buffet breakfast - ranging from hams, cheeses and various pastries to bacon  eggs. The tourist bus is a great way to see the sights. Unlike the previous review, we would fully recommend the Barcelona Tours bus. They arent as popular as the bus turistique, which means that you can ALWAYS get a seat on the upper open deck. Commentary is via headphones which is helpful. All the scare stories we had read about - pickpockets, etc - are just nonsense. The city appears very safe - you just need to to take your common sense with you. For restaurants, we can recommend the fish ones in Barcelonetta. But for a really elegant experience, look out for the Windsor Restaurant. This IS expensive, but very, very good. Less expensive and very good value is the Gran Cafe (not far off the Ramblas)And spend some time just sitting in a cafe on the Ramblas watching the world go by.What a great city for a short break.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Crusher
<Content>H 10 out of 10!!! My wife  I spent 5 nights in this gorgeous city at the start of May 2005 and stayed at the H10 Universitat. The verdict - superb hotel. The staff were very friendly and most helpful. We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by a chilled glass of cava - nice touch! The interior of the hotel is stylish and relaxing (the exterior isn't up to much but then who cares we reckon!!). We stayed on the 3rd floor at the back away from the street - I asked for this on arrival having read the reviews on Trip Advisor. Our room was not large but it was so well thought out and the fittings were exemplary. The complementary toothbrush  toothpaste excellent, the lack of bath robes a niggling minor point. The shower was the most powerful we have experienced, right up there with the mega luxurious Venetian in Las Vegas no less!!! We had no problems with noise for our 5 nights. The breakfast was excellent, great choice and quality from tasty eggs to fresh fruits and sweet pastries. Our advice - shop around for the best deal, ours included breakfast and taxes for around 110 eur a night which we were very pleased with considering it is very centrally located  was such an excellent experience. As for Barcelona itself - well, words could not do any justice to the splendour of this place. In a word - wow! From the calming parks to the bustling Ramblas, the romantic Gothic Quarter to the easygoing seaside promenades... a great adventure and all easily accessed on foot. Great value meals  such variety. One caveat - go with Bus Turistic fleet of open top buses and NOT Barcelona Tours - we counted approx. 4 to every 1 buses in Bus Turistic's favour and one day we had to queue over and over for Barcelona Tours, which cost us over an hour. Get a 2 day pass aboard Bus Turistic at Plaza Catalunya and see the many amazing sights this way. Great city, great hotel. Enjoy...  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best breakfast we've had! Just home from three-day stay at this hotel. Our first visit to Barcelona. Our included breakfast was amazing - could not find any fault with quality and variety. Restaurant staff helpful and friendly as were all the staff we met. Room very modern and comfortable and extremely clean. Marble bathroom with good fittings and spotless. Great to have the bar available for drinks and coffee plus free afternoon nibbles. Location brilliant, close to La Rambla, etc. Would definitely recommend and will certainly return to this hotel.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Billrover
<Content>Great Hotel The Universitat is a great modern hotel excellently located just off Place Catalunya. The staff were friendly and very helpful and the hotel was extremely clean. Breakfast is well worth the price ( try to get an inclusive deal ). Rooms are small but excellent facilities air con etc. If you get the chance eat at Les Quinze Nits restaurant in a square just off the Ramblas. There will be a queue of over 200 people at 8.30pm get there at 8.15pm and you will get in. Fast service , great food and reasonable prices.....that's why there's a queue.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kerryd
<Content>Really lovely place, very helpful friendly staff Just come back from 3 nights at the H10 Universitat Hotel. It is in a great location, easy to walk to lots of great places in all directions, also on a main road and feels very safe. Lovely glass of cava when we arrived and a choice of rooms. We chose one overlooking the street (which is where the bigger ones are apparently) with a balcony, huge comfortable bed and great bathroom. All very clean and very stylish. The staff were always helpful, booking restaurants for us and advising us on places to go. All round great and would definitely recommend it. If you wanted to ring ahead to ask for a room facing the street (which I'd recommend) this is the phone number : 0034933427850.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenwa
<Content>Loved it!       inside the room  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Location and Price Stayed in this hotel for a few nights in April 2005. Great location especially if you use the Aerobus from the airport. Get off at the Universitat stop and the hotel is a few minutes walk. Very central for Place Catalunya, Las Ramblas and all other major tourist attractions. The hotel itself is very clean and comfortable. Bedroom very clean and comfortable. Good bathroom facilities, with loads of complimentary 'smellies' etc. Free high-speed interet access in hotel lobby is useful for checking e-mails and local info. Staff helpful and friendly. Restaurant has a decent menu but a bit expensive compared to what you can get out-and-about in the city itself. Given good location, good price and good standard of accommodation, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good modern hotel in the center of Barcelona The H10 Universitat is a modern hotel located near las ramblas and the barrio gothico.Rooms are very modern in style and the service is excellent. The whole hotel is very clean and very well run.Unfortunately, as it is often the case in downtown hotels, there is no view and the rooms are very little and you have to store all your suitcases under the bed. I have a look at the map of my floor (2nd) and I see that all the rooms where of the same size except 2 with twin beds.H10 is a very good hotel anyway but as a tourist, I'd prefer the H10 Raco del Pi which is within the barrio gothico.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location  Terrific location  new property. Rooms were nicely appointed, including complementary, in room, high speed internet connection.Breakfast buffet, a little pricey, though. Nice bar.Wonderful desk personnel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobs1712
<Content>Great City Break. We have just returned from a 4 night stay at Universitat Hotel for my husbands birthday and had a great tine - the location is excellent and quiet. We booked a junior suite (they have 2) which was on the top floor and had a sitting area and large balcony (no furniture on it but it was March!) and we were glad we did as looking at the floor plan other rooms seemed to have only just enough room to walk around the bed. Very modern moninal decor and we found the bed pretty hard.Staff were great, very friendly and helped with recommendations for restaurants which was good as we found there weren't a lot of places we fancied eating in within walking distance (certainly not on Ramblas). Having said that, you must go to the Marketplace on Ramblas for lunch! Fabntastic range of produce and there are several little areas where you can eat with the locals if you feel brave - just watch what they do! Really fresh calamaris, sardines etc. ( beer).Overall, we found Ramblas incredubly busy and touristy and there are some quite ropey places just off the main drag - be conscious of keeping tight hold of your belongings. The marina is nice if you go to the old part (turn left at the bottom of Ramblas). Take the Bus Touristica as the attractions are quite spread out (they do 3 different tours and the 2 day pass is good value).Finally, we had a really good time but in our opinion, if you are wavering over where to go for a city break we would recommend Rome or Paris over Barcelona as they just seem more compact and personable somehow.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>australian_in_uk
<Content>fantastic location and hotel My husband and I stayed at the H10 Universitat hotel in Barcelona for a weekend in March this year. As previous reviews have noted, it is a newly renovated hotel with great service and breakfast. The only downside was that the rooms were small and there was not a lot of baggage space. Our room looked across onto another building in a back alleyway. We had an internet deal for 70 EUR per night including buffet breakfast, which was a great price for a 4 star hotel. I think it still would have been good value at a higher price. Regarding the bathroom, the walls and door are of frosted glass that cannot be seen through. (I am very conscious of these things!!) The bathroom itself was lovely and spacious compared to the bedroom!! Room was always clean and everything looked new. Breakfast included hot and cold dishes, fresh fruit and pastries. Lovely. Hotel looked after luggage on the day of check-out until that evening when we returned prior to our flight. Location is especially good as one of the airport buses stops at Placa Universitat , on the street the hotel is on, 2-3 minutes walk to the hotel. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from Placa Catalunya and Las Ramblas, so easy to get there to get the bus back (we couldn't find a bus to the airport from Placa Universitat). Location is also good as is away from the hectic Las Ramblas, no problems with noise.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rkb
<Content>Stylish but very small rooms This was the most stylishly decorated building I have ever been in. Staff were nice. Well furnished. Spotlessly clean. Perfect location for the Ramblas.However I booked the room through a website which said it would have a sitting area. We were put in this tiny room no sitting area, and just enough space to walk around the bed. When I showed the reservation to the management, they said they didn't have any bigger rooms, but they did - I could see from the evacuation plan. They blamed the website and didn't offer me any money off the bill.Another problem was the bathroom was divided from the room only by a glass door, so there was no real privacy for the person using the bathroom.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Book It!! Just back from a 4 night stay (Feb '05) at this hotel. Used the recommendations on Tripadvisor to pick this hotel, and was not dissapointed at all. In fact don't even look at any other reviews - just book it. This hotel is in a great location (not even 5min. walk from La Ramlas) The hotel itself is a GEM. Great staff, great bar (cheaper than ANYWHERE on La Ramblas), great breakfast, great room (so clean and excellent beds and shower).Honestly, i have stayed in many places around the world (New york/Vegas/LA etc), and believe me for the money you will not get better in barcelona. JUST BOOK IT.Only thing we were dissapointed with regarding the trip was La Rambla - all the bars and food places around this area were very dirty, grubby, and expensive.back to the hotel, honest you won't get a better hotel in as good a location, anywhere in barcelona - BOOK IT!!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great breakfast!!!!!!! My wife and I just spent 6 nights at this great hotel. Just a few steps from Catalonya Plaza, it is perfectly located for access to all the main sights, metro down the block, Ramblas 5 minute walk, train to Feugues. Fantastic breakfast buffet included in the rate. Beautifully clean rooms. Just great!!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mayneberlin
<Content>Absolutely A Good choice!! I must say I would strongly agree with every point of review that is posted here. The rooms are stylish and so CLEAN, so Comfortable! We also ask for a room facing the streets (611) and we had our best nites there. And not to miss out the toilet. It is covered using matt glass frames. Chic and nice. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect place to stay   showReview(3119237, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paolawilliamson1
<Content>Trendy and stylish!!   showReview(3109012, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HellyWellyUk
<Content>Comfortable stay in Barcelona   showReview(3090100, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful little place!   showReview(2859400, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a Gem   showReview(2842073, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just fantastic !!!!!!!!   showReview(2827627, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it   showReview(2784090, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(2782289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(2700612, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Norissima
<Content>Soggiorno piacevolissimo       bagno  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>pulis
<Content>hotel muy recomendado   showReview(23104835, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>rafdan68
<Content>ottimo h10 universitat   showReview(22844626, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima la posizione veramente...   showReview(22769766, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rediguanna
<Content>c'est vraiment nul!!   showReview(18469065, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>totality
<Content>Brauche ich nicht noch mal   showReview(13908084, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, gutes Service.   showReview(13977593, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氳嚦渚裤€傝鍋?鍖楀伌锛夈伄閮ㄥ眿銇剰澶栥仺闈欍亱   showReview(19167779, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(11436366, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Devo dire che mi sono trovata...   showReview(11423229, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JeanRouf
<Content>Merveilleux hotel   showReview(6539972, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe situation proche du...   showReview(11423230, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Menorca2006
<Content>Buen hotel, nuevo y c茅ntrico.   showReview(5539738, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Troppo cara la colazione anche...   showReview(11423232, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El servicio de taxi avisado por...   showReview(11423233, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon albergo non eccessivamente...   showReview(11423234, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage des Hotels in direkter...   showReview(11423235, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il servizio di venere.com 猫...   showReview(11423236, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

