<Author>indigoforest
<Content>HIdden gem My boyfriend and I stayed at Celebrity Resorts for six nights in June. We were in the market for a Waikiki hotel that was budget-friendly and centrally located. We had also decided that since we were traveling so far, for such a short period of time, we were going to spend as much time out and about as we could - we didn't intend to spend a lot of time in a hotel room. Essentially, we were looking for a decent place to sleep and a safe place to store our things. We were met at the front desk by Aaron and Joemar. I asked if they had a room on the courtyard side available. Aaron said they had one, but it was a smoking room. He offered to take me to see it before finalizing our transaction. I was afraid it was going to have a stale smoky smell, but much to my surprise, it was fine - no trace of smoke, and truthfully, I don't recall even having seen an ashtray in the room. We have nothing to complain about our stay there. The front desk staff was friendly, the poolside pancake breakfast was fun, the concierge service was a plus - I can't remember the young lady's name, I want to say it was Kealia - I'm so sorry I can't remember the spelling - but she was so sweet, and so helpful in getting us tickets for a sunset catamaran cruise, and tickets for Pearl Harbor. They have a small hut where they store pool toys and boogie boards - guests are welcome to take those boogie boards over to Waikiki Beach. On the Sunday we were there, we decided we were going to explore the beaches on the eastern coast, and in Kailua, we bought 2 boogie boards of our own. Since we knew we wouldn't be able to bring them back on the plane, we left them as a thank you to the staff for the awesome time we had there, and also in the hopes that other guests would have as much fun boogie boarding as we did. We only had a car for 3 days of our trip, parking at the resort was unavailable, but parking garages are nearby, albeit rather expensive, and with time limits. One morning, my boyfriend was up at 5:00 AM in order to move the car to a different location. If you don't need a car, don't get one - public transportation is reliable, efficient and inexpensive. If you're expecting the Ritz, you're going to be disappointed and I recommend you keep going, but, if you're looking for a safe, clean, reasonably priced place to stay, where the staff greets you by name, please try Celebrity Resorts. We'll definitely consider it again if we're fortunate enough to return.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	3	5	3	4	

<Author>lenwad
<Content>laid back atmosphere My wife and I have just returned from a family visit in Honolulu, Hawaii.We stayed at the Celebrity resorts Waikiki. We have traveled extensively and have been visiting the Island since 1969. If your tired of the mega roomed hotels that have upscaled the cost and not the experience then this is the place to be. The laid back atmosphere and tropical area around the pool is just what you have been looking for. But most important is the staff. They treat everyone as a person not just a guest. They are the greatest asset of all. Thank you all Marie, Joemar, Brian, And Aarron. With a big HUG and thanks to Judy the manager.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crmonkey
<Content>Great Location This place was perfect for my family. I stayed in the 1 bedroom with 5 other family members and we fit comfortably. There is 2 bathrooms, 2 patios and 3 beds. The pricing was unreal. Very cheap and yet the staff was very friendly and the resort was well kept and clean. We were right next to everything that Waikiki has to offer and 2 blocks from the beach. I would definitely recommend this place to any of my friends.My only complaint would be there is no elevator but there is only 3 floors and we stayed on the 2nd.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AvonMike
<Content>Great location + Great price = Great economical vacation       waterfall and lanscaping in central area  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>sarniaman
<Content>Paradise visited Booked a 1 Bedroom Suite and was impressed with the size. It had 2 bathrooms 2 balconies large lounge with kitchen area bedroom was same size as lounge. the Hotel was located just off the main street area convenient for the excelent bus service and shopping.If you are in any doubt about the value for money just compare with other hotels and you will see the others only give you a small room for a lot more money.This hotel may not look the best from the outside but don't let this put you off it is clean and tidy on the inside and staff are A1  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>clydei
<Content>Tremendous Value We stayed here November 1-8, 2008. The reviews I read were decidedly mixed but in spite of this I booked a stay in a 1 bedroom suite. The suite consists of 2 hotel rooms with a connecting door. One room is set up as a bedroom with a bath, the queen sized bed looks tiny in the room, the other room is set up as a living room and a kitchen as well as a bath. The living room has 2 couches that are pullouts that are serviceable but not great beds. The rooms were clean and the maid service was exactly as the hotel described. The staff was very friendly and helpful. When we checked in we were given a very complete run-down of the activities and services the hotel provides. Wireless internet is provided as part of the 3.99 per night resort fee as is access to the business center computer and printer.If you are looking for luxury and ocean view, keep looking, if you are looking for value and expect to spend your days at the beach or seeing the many sites this is the place for you.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>me_nutz2
<Content>will recommend Our stay at this resort is a result of an exchange via RCI. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Lobby had a computer which we could use to check email or surf the internet. Coffee is served every morning. Pool is small but during our stay there we never seem to see more than a couple of people swimming. Chairs and recliners around the pool make a good relaxing place to relax and read a book. You can even borrow some chairs and floats to take to the beach.Parking is the worst part. Be ready to pay $18/day. Tiny spaces so if you have a big car or truck...good luck trying to make it fit! Only a few spaces available on site but you can park at the covered garage across the street for the same price. We parked across the street and it may be a better deal if you don't mind the walk. Parking is plentyful and covered. We had a one bedroom and a living room that faces the pool. The rooms were clean. The bed was quite comfortable although it may need to be changed soon as it is starting to sag towards the middle. The bathrooms are small but clean and shower area tiny. A/C had no problem cooling the rooms, 1 in the bedroom and 1 in the kitchen/dining/living room area. The freezer in our ref had a big gash/hole on it but didn't have a problem freezing the water in our water bottles.Location I believe is the best part. Walking distance to the beach, International Market, Starbucks, Jack in the Box, Mc Donald's, IHOP, Denny's and other local restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samax
<Content>fantastic choice in waikiki I was a little bit worried after reading some review of the Celebrity Resort, but what a fantastic stay we had there.We were a party of 5 and they gave us an accomodtion with two rooms two bathrooms. Everthing is very clean, too bad we did not had a view of the pool, but at least we used the room just to sleep.The accomodation is very spacious and the staff so friendly.When you get into the place immediatly you forget to be in the hussle of Waikiki, and if you think the rate you get (130 USD per day for the five of us) there is no doubt that Celebrity Waikiki is a very good choice.Of course you don't have to expect a five star accomodation, but everthing you need is there: free coffee in the morning, free Internet. The only problem is the parking, if there is space avaibale you pay about 10 USD at the Resort, otherwise you have a parking place very close which cost about 22 USD per day. (but also in the other accomodation in Wakiki parking has to be paid !)An additonal fee of 3 USD per day is added to the room for the complementary service.But believe me, no doubt that this is the best choice for an excellent accomodation in Waikiki without spending a fortune.I am very happy we stayed here and it will be definitly our choiche if we will be back in Ohau.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Point2point
<Content>Great service, comfortable rooms Celebrity Resorts Waikiki was a good place to stay. Low rise, not fancy, fewer people, inviting courtyard and pool area, friendly staff are all plusses. The secret to this place seems to be getting a room on the inner courtyard, not on the periphery. We booked a n/s 1 bdr for 2 adults/2 kids. There are smoking rooms/floors as well as non-smoking, but the inner courtyard area is non-smoking. Smokers have an area provided in the parking lot. Service: We checked in late, so there wasn't much available except a room facing Nohonani St. Staff was very friendly, helpful and efficient. Thank you to Judy, Marie, Joemar, Brian, Jocelyn and the always-smiling Aaron! The staff were happy to book shuttles, give dining advice, etc. Late check-out was provided, and other travellers were able to use common areas until their very late departure.Most of the guests were friendly and courteous, although we encountered two self-centred jet-lagged parents who let their toddler scream loudly on the lanai at 3:30 am. The security person was already out there when I opened the balcony door. I tried to get their attention by leaning over and waving and yelling, but said oblivious parent was too busy watching TV to notice some stranger near their kid on the balcony. The security lady ended up knocking on their door and asked them to respect the quiet hours rule.Room: The 1 bdr was large, but we were disappointed that it wasn't a courtyard/pool view room. Although I asked daily about changing, it was a busy week. Facing the street, it wasn't terribly private, but it was bright if you opened the curtains. 2 queen sofabeds in the living area, so both kids got their own bed. The bedroom's queen bed was comfortable enough but seemed small. Loved the many extra pillows in the room! TVs in both the living area and bedroom, but limited TV channels. DVD player  DVDs can be rented at the front desk. The safe in the room was useful, although it will not hold a laptop computer. Air conditioning in each room was noisy, as were the garbage trucks that hit various buildings in the area. We counted 4 on Wed. (from 6 am on), and 1 each day except Sunday. The earliest one was at 5:36 am, and the driver was banging the dumpster around with vengeance. As a light sleeper I definitely needed earplugs, but the rest of the family was fine.Kitchenette: small beer fridge (used the crisper drawer for milk) with ice cube tray, 2 burner stove, microwave oven, toaster oven, cutlery ( steak knives!) and dishes. Coffee maker  filters provided, but it was more convenient and fun to have Kona and Vanilla Macnut coffee out by the pool (avail. 7-10 am). Salt  pepper provided; sugar and coffee whitener avail. at morning coffee. No dishwasher, only a dishrack.Bathrooms: the 1 bdr had 2 identical bathrooms on each side of the unit. Toilets flush loudly and run long. Shower pressure and temperature were great in the morning, although one afternoon the temp was only warm. The shower heads were really low at 5'4, so at 5'6 I had to bend my knees to wash my hair.Housekeeping: according to something I read at the hotel, Heavy housekeeping was done on Wed.  Sat., including changing sheets  washing dishes. We washed our own. Lite housekeeping involved making beds  changing towels on all other days. For some inexplicable reason, the maid never left extra shampoo or soap in either bathroom. We had one soap for the shower and sink area until I went downstairs to ask for more.Amenities: small, warm, deep swimming pool (4-7 ft). Pool and beach toys available in pool shack (air mattresses, tubes, boogie boards, beach chairs, umbrellas, beach mats, pails and shovels). Beach and pool towels are signed out at the front desk.Plenty of tables with umbrellas by the pool, although it gets very busy during the pancake breakfast on Thurs. morning. Lounge chairs by pool. Hot tub secluded in far part of courtyard, hidden by palm trees, plants, and waterfall. NY Pizza/cheesecake night is on Tuesdays.Internet access in lobby was useful for quick inquiries. Did not use the booking agent, but it seemed convenient to have that service available. Neighborhood: Within a block of the hotel on Kuhio, you can find fast food: Subway, Jack in the Box (all day breakfast), sushi, Pukadog, Starbucks, Fatty's Chinese, Denny's, McDonald's (2 blks west), St. Germain bakery with cheap, appealing sandwiches and pastries. More formal restaurants are within a few blocks. Shopping: ABC store (with booze), Payless shoes, pharmacy (one block east), Food Pantry (2 blocks east). The International Marketplace is within the block, full of cheap Let's make a deal souvenir merchandise and a small food court. Kalakaua, the action packed main drag is a quick 5 minutes away, and free entertainment abounds at night, including street performers, fancy stores and restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, CPK, etc). Kuhio Beach (Duke's statue) is the big main beach.Just north is the Ala Wai canal - good for a walk or run. We never felt unsafe, but then, we never stayed out very late, either. The hotel is secured after 8 pm, and key cards are a must. There is an exit at the back of the complex as well.I have recommended this hotel to similar-minded travellers and will return, hopefully in the off-season.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ecm_tx
<Content>Wonderful stay here We really enjoyed our stay here. Before arriving I was a little nervous after reading some of the negative reviews but it didn't take long to feel right at home. These accommodations are by no means perfect but I'm giving it 5 stars because it was my experience that within just a few hours we were able to make this apartment-style hotel room a home away from home. Upon arriving we went to the front desk where Joemar and Aaron helped check us in. They were both incredibly helpful and friendly. In fact, I would say their smiles were contagious. We requested a room facing the pool area and were fortunate enough to get one. We ended up with a room overlooking the pond and spa which turned out to be perfect because it was a little more private and it was right next to the back entrance for easy in and out access. Before raving more about the good I think it's only fair to align any future expectations with the reality of a 2.5 star hotel. When we first walked into our room it's fair to say my roach motel fears didn't vanish immediately. It definitely had an unappealing musty smell. The bedroom floor had a huge iron burn on the carpet (it was literally the full size and shape of the bottom of an iron). Not once did we see any bugs of any kind inside our suite but one of our 7 mornings there we did see a single, but live, roach in the hallway. Housekeeping was pretty good but you should expect to do your own dishes (we left $3 on average for tip each day) and one of the 8 days we were there our bed looked made but the sheets under the comforter had not been touched and were in complete disarray. Now, you are probably asking yourself how I could possibly rate it a 5 after all that but let me explain. First off, never have I made myself so at home at any other hotel I've ever stayed in. By day 2 my friend and I had literally unpacked everything in our suitcases. Shirts and shorts were hanging in the 2 closets, our bathroom amenities were each stowed away in our own separate bathroom mirror cabinets. We stayed in one of the Bedroom Suites. It had a sitting room with two pullouts, a full kitchen, a bedroom and 2 full bathrooms. Since it was just the 2 of us we didn't really need the 2 bathrooms but it certainly ended up being convenient to have all the extra counter and storage space. Once the AC is running a while the smell goes away and you won't think about it again. Since we really did feel at home it didn't bother us when our dishes didn't get cleaned or the one time our sheets weren't perfect. My friend in particular is pretty anal when it comes to cleanliness and other than the initial smell and the partially made bed she had no complaints. The first night we got in we went to the grocery store down the road and filled up our fridge with sandwich stuff, eggs, yogurt, etc. Most of the days we'd get up early, eat breakfast, spend the day out and then come back to the room for dinner on the lanai and then spend the rest of the day walking Waikiki Beach or sitting by the pool. It was a very welcoming and relaxing place to return to after a long day of sightseeing and sunbathing.If we come back we'll definitely be looking up Celebrity Resorts Waikiki again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>HawaiiRocks08
<Content>Nice Hotel on a Crowded Island Nice hotel for the money. We were a bit cramped with 4 people in the room and all of our luggage; used the bed and the pull out sofa bed. There is a small kitchenette which adequately served our needs: had a small refrigerator, microwave, cooktop and coffee maker. All rooms have some type of patio or balcony. Unfortunately we were assigned a room with no view so we did not use this feature. Request a room with a pool view. There are various brews of free coffee in the morning by the pool area where you can sit and relax and enjoy your coffee. Very limited parking accommodations even though you pay a daily fee to park (but this seems to be the norm and not the exception these days on Oahu). Once they run out of parking spaces at this hotel they have an agreement where you can use a hotel's parking garage across the street at a reduced fee but still higher than the fee that you pay to park in this hotel's lot. Even though we prepaid for this hotel, was charged an additional $3.99/day for a resort fee. I must say that the pool area is very nice, the hotel is located close to Kuhio Avenue (major shopping on this street; close to International Market), and not that far from the beach and the great public transportation that this island offers. The hotel has pizza parties and other activites that the hotel guests can participate in (for a fee). The absolute best thing about this hotel is the front desk staff....they were extremely kind, pleasant, professional and courteous all of the time! Although there is a desktop computer located across from the front desk that can be used by the hotel guests the front desk staff was able to provide directions and answer all questions. If they already didn't have preprinted directions available they were more than glad to print up whatever you requested. The people behind the front desk are gems! Overall, a nice hotel for the price.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>wynn0029
<Content>Great Place to Stay My family stayed here for eight nights and could not have been more pleased. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite overlooking the garden and pool. The suite was large enough for four adults (six one night). The place was very clean, had a well stocked kitchen and a large lanai. Both the bed in the bedroom and the one in the living room were very comfortable. There was a queen size sofa pullout as well. The staff was super helpful and friendly. Morning coffee and free internet with printing was provided. The location was close to everything. We walked or took the bus to most of the major attractions on Oahu. We rented a car for day trips from the Enterprise rental office located right across the street for exploring the North Shore. I would definitely stay here again .  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bugmom58
<Content>Home away from home When we first arrived, I was a bit disappointed in this hotel. I was judging it by it's age and side street location, but I couldn't have been more wrong. We were here last week for my daughter's wedding and I had my whole family staying here, her dad's whole family and the in laws. What a pleasant surprise the whole thing turned out to be! First-I have stayed in some of the best hotels in Hawaii including the Grand Wailea and Hyatts on two islands and I have never had the service that I received from the whole Celebrity front desk crew-especially Aaron and Judy. We were tired and stressed when we arrived and ended up switching rooms after arrival in order to get a bigger room. After explaining the reason we were there and the stressful trip getting there-they did EVERYTHING to help us out. Two days later-the bride's dad arrived with his wife and 4 kids and they checked into their condo in Waikiki. I met them the next morning and the condo had been a disaster-no blakets, dirty room-just gross! I called Marie at the front desk of the Celebrity and they went out of their way to help him and got him booked into a one bedroom there. They were so relieved after a terrible first night at the condo.We ended up making full use of the bbq facilities-entertaining 40 people who were here for the wedding, not once, but two nights. The staff didn't blink an eye-just let us know our guests were their guests for the evening. I can't say enough good things about this place-it is a perfect little gem for a family. If you are looking for a fancy hotel this isn't it. If you are looking for a home away from home then this is perfect.The only downside is the parking situation. There is VERY limited parking at the hotel. We had to park across the street for $18 a day. However, parking is at a premium in Waikiki and I know most of the hotels are $22-30 a day.The kitchenettes were very well stocked and there is a market within walking distance. It is one street behind the main street through Waikiki, so everything is within walking distance. There are also laundry facilities there and beach chairs, umbrellas, floats etc for your day at the beach on a first come basis. They also had a $3 all you can eat pancake breakfast one morning that was so fun.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>icelara
<Content>A place to sleep... I chose this hotel after reading a lot of positive reviews on TripAdvisor. A lot of things about the hotel are true. The service is great....when we checked in, Judy let us check out a couple of different rooms when we asked if we could get a room with a view of the courtyard. She let us check the one that was available with a view, although she said it was smaller than what we were supposed to have. Then she let us check out the room we were supposed to get that had a view of the parking lot. We ended up going with the smaller room with a view as we didn't need the pullout sofa. Aaron and Joemar also helped us out during our stay by giving directions to certain sights and helping us get our taxi to the airport. They were all very courteous and happy to help. We had no problems with housekeeping either, and our room was always clean when we came back in the evening. The coffee in the morning was nice, and the place seemed to have lots of activities for the people staying there although we didn't really take advantage of that. There is a computer in the lobby to use the internet, as well as an activities desk. The room itself....was just ok. It is obviously an older room, and it was pretty small, although it had a small kitchen, and we only really used the fridge. There was no tub (only a shower) in both the rooms we looked at. The bed was just ok to sleep in, but after a long day, it doesn't matter as long as you have a place to sleep. We pretty much kept the A/C on all day so it only smelled a little funny when you walked in, but otherwise the smell went away. The location of the hotel itself is fine. It is across the street from the International Marketplace and is just a short walk to the beach. We rented a car for one day, and fortunately found street parking on Ala Wai Blvd because we were told there were no more spots left for our car. It would have been a problem had we rented for more than one day. Overall, this is a place to crash for the night. We pretty much spent all of our time outside of the hotel, so it was fine, but if people prefer to hang out in their rooms to relax, this probably isn't the place you want to do that.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>AlohaKatie99
<Content>Would not recommend... My family and I stayed at Celebrity Resorts-Waikiki for 6 nights in May 2008. To start:The check-in went pretty good.The location -I don't think- is good at all. It is a block from a strip-club and at night street walkers and dive bars are right around the corner. The resort staff was a bit over whelming for my family, but they were nice. I don't think that you should have to pay $10/day for parking, seems a bit much. Also they charge a $3.99/day fee for coffee in the AM and the safe, both of which we did not use. The room. REALLY outdated. It was pretty clean, had an old smell and a window AC unit. It had to run full balst to remain cool. Small fridge in our room. Beds are small and not comfortable. Overall, this was not my ideal Hawaiian vacation and would not recommend this location. I have stayed at other Celebrity Resorts (CO) and they were MUCH nicer. If you are literally looking for a place to sleep, this is your place. If you are looking for anything else, I would search elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	1	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Dacquiri24
<Content>Ideal location in Waikiki Have just been staying for 3 nights at this hotel. As a woman travelling alone, I must say that it has been ideal: I got the room type that I requested (2nd floor, with lanai, facing pool courtyard). Room has basic cooking facilities - very handy. Staff are friendly and helpful, activities desk is excellent, free coffee in the morning. Best thing is the location: on a quiet side street just off of Kuhio. Amazing bakery  an ABC Store at the corner, larger Food Pantry (pricey but OK for short time) up the road, zillions of shops of all types within minutes' walk, including market stalls (beware predatory stallholders! if you act interested, they will pounce!). Walking distance to the beach, too.Only criticisms are: room security could be improved (in-room safe but no chain on door  only very basic door lock; and only 1 simple up/down lock on sliding door to lanai). Also, there is a musty smell in the room when you first enter, but this disappears when a/c is run. Room was well cleaned, no problems with sheets, towels, etc. Am staying here again in a couple of weeks, so will report back if experience is any different. BTW, hotel recommended Reliable Shuttle for airport transport, and they were also excellent. All in all, a very pleasant place, esp. for people looking for something smaller and friendlier than a high-rise.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>JennieS_8
<Content>Not what I thought We booked the Celebrity Resorts Waikiki after reading the reviews from other travellers. I had to switch rooms after my first night. The pull out bed was blood stained and the small lanai faced an apartment building with a view of the tenants' garbage. The first front desk clerk I spoke to said there were no rooms available to switch. But after my travel agent contacted them, there were two rooms available that they could move us to. We were moved to another room that seemed cleaner but a similar view.Another front desk clerk, Aaron, was helpful the rest of the trip offering suggestions for dining, etc. He made an effort to learn guests' names, acknowledged anyone who walked through the lobby and offered my daughter flowers on the last day. He was a gem!I did not have trouble with housekeeping as previously inidicated by another guest. A nice little touch was a white board in the room so if you had any requests or comments for housekeeping, you could indicate it on the white board. What a great idea!The location was good, the staff were helpful (except our first night), they have free internet use with a 10 minute limit, and an activities desk to get information on the area. They also offered free scuba lessons in the pool on Tuesdays. However, the rooms were not what I expected. We ended up being in three different studio rooms during our stay (we paid $10 to use a room to shower in on our last day after we had already checked out), and none of them were the same. The shower room that we used was cleaner, bigger kitchenette, bigger lanai and bigger bathroom. I think you have to be very specific on your needs when selecting a room or you will be disappointed.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Carol0429
<Content>Celebrity Resorts Waikiki       Christmas at the Celebrity  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pamsadventures
<Content>economical - that's it The room was very dated,  smelled of mildew as per previous reviews. We asked for a room facing the courtyard as per previous travellors suggestions, but they were not able to honour that. I decided to go with celebrity because of the kitchenette facilities, but it was not worth it. I think we got one of the older rooms  it faced another apartment. Our AC made a lot of load noises, and the mattress took a little getting used to. The head of the bed was against the wall that separated us from the hallway. Each morning, we would hear all the noises of the hallway. The hotel did suggest we ask the manager to have our room changed, but we were settled with alot of groceries, so it would have been more bothersome to lug all of that stuff to another room. Housekeeping was horrible  inconsistent. The first day, we left $2 tip  our bed sheets were not changed, our dishes were not washed, nor was the place vacuumed. Thus the next day, we left $1 tip, but our sheets were changed,  our dishes were washed (no vacuuming though). The next couple of days, we were sick  stayed in, missing housekeeping. When we finally were well enough again to explore Hawaii, we left $3 tip (because the place was very messy), but no bed sheets were changed, no dishes were washed, kitchen garbage bin was untouched (with 2 days worth of old food in there), but somehow we got vacuuming. I was so disgusted with housekeeping @ this point. The only good thing about the hotel is the front desk staff. The friendliest, courteous, most helpful staff I've encountered, making the stay more acceptable.Good things about the location of the hotel 1) close to a breakfast place that served cheap breakfasts2) close to the beach  international market place (yes do bargain with them)3) an agent on site to arrange for tours etc4) close to the food pantry market, but very expensive  not the freshest stuff i.e. purchased bagels  found them to be moldy (the staff @ the hotel can direct you to a local Walmart)  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	2	5	

<Author>BiLLYiZME
<Content>A Hawaiian Gem My stay at the Celebrity Waikiki confirmed the reviews I read on TripAdvisor. While the rooms are not of the same level as the new mega hotels, the rooms were pleasant, clean, and gigantic. Both smoking and non-smoking rooms are available.The Celebrity is convenient to shopping and dining. The inner courtyard and pool area are a refreshing oasis from the hustle and bustle of Honolulu.The front desk staff were, perhaps, the most pleasant and helpful staff I have ever encountered.The next time I am in Honolulu, I will be staying at the Celebrity Waikiki.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>tmwli
<Content>Perfect and Cheap If you are looking for inexpensive apartment-style accommodation with full kitchen facilities, this is a great option, just 2 short blocks from the infamous Waikiki beach. While there were certainly no celebrities staying at THIS hotel, we got a nice, very clean one bedroom apartment in this rather oddly named hotel for $119 per night. Very friendly, excellent tourist advisor on site, they even let you take their boards and inflatable pool toys down to the beach!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nhsuzanne
<Content>Nice stay at Celebrity Resorts I booked this hotel through Hotwire thinking that I was getting a different hotel. Hotwire has been inaccurate with 2 of my recent bookings. When referring to Tripadvisor ratings, which they do for some of their listings, they'll be off (by up to a month) as to when the last review was posted or how many points the listing has on Tripadvisor.Anyway, I was worried about this booking because the last review that had been posted at that time indicated a horrible stay. Lots of great reviews though, so in my review I'll just focus on what stood out to me. The hotel has a 2 1/2 star rating I believe, and I'd say this is fairly accurate. If the AC in the room wasn't running there was a mildewy smell. The AC was a little noisy so I had to sleep with earplugs every night but I am a sensitive sleeper.The room was spacious enough, had a nice little kitchenette, and we did get a room with a lanai overlooking the pool as I had requested. The staff were quite nice, and Aaron (sp?) at the front desk was exceptional. He was nice and funny, always in a great mood.I always read through all of the reviews on Tripadvisor before going to a hotel and I was disappointed that they no longer have Monday night hula dancing as some other reviewers had referred to. I asked about it at the front desk and the staff member said they had stopped the show months ago. They did still have Thursday morning pancakes but no pizza/cheescake on Thursday nights.Even though I booked this on Hotwire I later found other listings that were rated with more stars and were available for less money. I probably wouldn't stay at this hotel again, but I enjoyed my stay.If you like to do a lot of active and touristy things on your vacation I highly recommend purchasing the Go Oahu card (Google it) ahead of time. I bought a 5 day pass (we were there for a total of 7 days) and not only did we save a ton of money, but we got some great ideas for things to do.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>roadtripPA
<Content>Very relaxing and tropical This is a late review - didn't realize I hadn't left one before this. We spent approximately a week at Celebrity Resorts in the fall of 06 while visiting our son who was stationed at one of the military bases on Oahu. What a wonderful, relaxing time! The staff at CR was exceptional, very helpful and friendly. We had 2 different rooms, first a 2 person suite, then a suite w/sofabed when our son stayed with us. Both were more than adequate and clean. The showers are VERY small. Rooms are also tight but that's what you get when real estate is as pricey as it is in Wakiki. Every inch counts. We didn't go all the way to Hawaii to stay in our room anyway. CR is conveniently located. We usually walked wherever we were going, even to the zoo, as we enjoy hikes and the weather was perfect. We did take the bus a couple of times, over to Chinatown and up to the base. The base connections weren't the best but it was way cheaper than a taxi. We made breakfast in our room with groceries from the store down the street ($4 for a loaf of bread!). The pool area is very nice; Hawaiian music in that area is a plus, adding to the tropical mood along with the waterfall. Had a note in our room that Lost would be filming there one day during our stay and to please keep towels off the balcony for that. The next day, their schedule changed so it didn't happen. Bummer! Staff is top shelf. Not one grumpy word was heard the whole week. Do yourself a favor and don't rent a car though - the parking is so tight it looks painful and is also very limited. It's just not worth it.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>starrigaven
<Content>A Most Favorable Stay       Superior Studio 3rd flr  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nues
<Content>more than we expected We were surprised that the hotel was so good. The room was spacious (not the cheapest room though) and clean. The kitchen and bathroom were in very good condition. We enjoyed being in a small hotel where we didn't have to go up and down lifts all the time, and where the staff were friendly and very helpful. Loved being able to walk out of the room and have breakfast sitting around the pool with a great cup of coffee provided. It was only five minutes to the beach through the International Markets (which did slow us down because we kept looking) and the bus stop was around the corner. Hint: catch the bus everywhere for $2 and don't waste your time and money on tours.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shulin
<Content>Welcoming and comfortable We spent a week at the Celebrity Resorts this Christmas. I had read the reviews and was pleased that they were accurate (the positive ones) We're a family of 5 (two teenage boys and a 9 year old girl) the only challenge was when we first arrived (very late at night) there was no cot available for us. We made due by putting the couch cushions on the floor at night and creating a comfortable bed for our 13 year old. For the price it was worth it! As other reviews noted, the place was clean, spacious, location convenient and service fantastic and friendly. Our daughter loved the pool and meeting other kids. We didn't bother with a rental car as everything was accessible on foot or by bus. I have already recommended this resort to friends.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelWNC
<Content>Great Location/Atmosphere If you don't like huge hotels, or want to save some money this IS the place. We called and made sure to reserve a room facing the pool, and got one. The staff was helpful, the rooms adequate, no smells or problems. The only suggestion I would make is to plan on making use of the kitchenette. It has everything you need, and there is a store just a block or so away. Also there are grills around the pool area that might as well be used.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>luvtotrvl27
<Content>Right Price. Great Location. Before choosing one of three hotels presented to us by our travel agent I checked the reviews at Trip Advisor and found that Celebrity Resorts had the best review of the three. Well, I have to agree with the reviews! The outside of the hotel isn't much to look at, nor the street it's on but once you walk into the hotel, it's a mini-Paradise. The hotel staff are friendly, knowledgeable and treat you like Ohana. The room was clean, quiet and just the right size for two of us. It was SO convenient having a kitchenette in the room. My sister-in-law and I saved a lot of money by going to the bakery and ABC store just around the corner, and by making meals in our room. The location was FABULOUS!!! It's only about a 7 minute walk to the beach (and there's a Starbucks around the corner). For all of you shop-a-holics, it's conveniently located down the street from the International Market Place. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Rorschachteacher
<Content>stay away Little more than a motel with prices that match many of the big, beautiful hotels, this was the biggest disappointment of our trip. The rooms were small and smelled mildewy. The only positive was the staff who were friendly and accomodating.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	4	5	2	

<Author>RangerEh
<Content>Lovely little gem My sister and I stayed in Waikiki for the first time, for 4 nights prior to going North Shore for a longer stay. The front desk staff at the Celebrity Resort was super friendly and warm, in a very genuine way; this was in fact the only place where I really felt aloha or ohana on this trip. The room was neither larger or smaller than other hotels, but was very efficiently laid out and clean; there was a very sweet and funny greeting left for us on the whiteboard by the room info. The courtyard is a real oasis of calm and peace in the hustle-bustle of Waikiki - it was a pleasure to hang out there. The location is excellent if you don't mind being off the beach - very close to the International Market and Duke's Lane, so the landmarks are great. Close to the buses, groceries and dining, and walking distance to just about everything in Waikiki. If I ever come back to Waikiki, I will definitely stay in this sweet little jewel tucked in amongst the behemoths!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>rubyskymom
<Content>Pleasant Surprise in Waikiki This hotel/timeshare was a pleasant surprise in the hustle bustle of Waikiki. The location is very centralized and within walking distance of the beach and all of Waikiki. The manager and the rest of the Celebrity staff is very customer service oriented....which is always a breath of fresh air in this day and age of indifference. The room and bathroom were a bit dated but very clean.. Our kitchenette/ one bedroom suite was on the first floor facing the nicely landscaped pool area. The pool is small but quite pleasant. Parking is limited and if the hotel is full you will need to be put on a waitlist for parking your car on the grounds. There are no restaurants on site but you are close to a multitude of affordable dining places. The Bus bus stop is 3/4 of a block away.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ray40
<Content>Great Hotel This was our first visit to Celebrity Resorts, and it will not be the last. Upon first entering the front desk area, we were made to feel right at home. Aaron was on duty, what a wonderful gentleman. Judy the Front Desk Manager runs a tight, and efficient operation. George the Facility Manager was very congenial, and friendly.The house keeping, and grounds keepers were busy, and kept the resort looking its 100%. The pool was nice, and the hot tub even nicer. Not too hot, but just right. The Thursday pancake breakfast was a real treat, it was our first day on the island, and gave us a chance to meet some of the other guests.The room was very comfortable, clean, with all the necessities of home. The kitchenette was most useful. The Resort is very close to the International Marketplace, and other restaurants are close by. The bus stop, along with the pickup point for our excursions was 3/4 of a block away. We will definitely stay againR Penrod Bakersfield CA  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ppg0270
<Content>Centralized and easy access to everything. Great place for those on a budget and even better for those who aren't; so you can safe your money for better things (SHOPPING). Only a block away from the main strip which makes it very peaceful when you need those evening to catch up on sleep or a long day of activities at the beach. I will most definitely be staying here only when visiting Waikiki because the staffs are very friends and the house cleaning is top rate. Can't imagine any other place I would stay because what it boils down to is a clean and safe place to lay your head after a long day of fun.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rdcummins
<Content>Not too bad We spent one night in Honolulu before heading to a resort in Kauai. I needed a place that wasn't too expensive and not a dump. I was happy with this hotel. The rooms were a little small but the resort staff were very helpful and nice and the price was great. There is no elevator so getting to the 2nd floor with all our luggage was not convenient and they didn't have any bell boys to help. Otherwise, it was a pleasant stay. I wouldn't advise this for someone spending more than a few days unless you don't plan on being in the room much. The pool area was very nice and cozy. It is within walking distance of the beach as well as lots of street shopping. Good hotel for what we paid.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>gail_wilson
<Content>Checked out early I read all of these positive reviews and believe that we must have gotten one of the undesireable rooms. We booked this location for 4 nights on an RCI exchange. We stayed on the 3rd floor (Rm 306??). It was an efficiency unit.  I must say that we were uncomfortable from the moment we checked into our room. We spent most of our time figuring out how not to spend any time in the room. First , the layout of the room: You open the door to the room. The headboard of the bed was right next to the door as you open it. About 3 steps later to the left is the bathoroom/closet. We came to be more horrified with this design when we actually utilized our bathroom. The bathroom has zero ventilation (if you get my drift)!!! No ventilation fan, no bathtub, just shower with shower curtain. Toilet is about 2 feet from the wet shower curtain. And your clothes share your bathroom space!! There is somewhat of a slatted door on the closet. The other side of the room consisted of a sofa, kitchenette and balcony. There is air conditioniong. However, when you opened the balcony sliding door, the door bangs against the air conditioner. f you sit on the balcony, you get to listen to your and your neighbors' air conditioner. The kitchenette was nice, not in the bathroom. (Sorry, couldn't resist the humor). However the tightness of the room and the co-mingled space, literally makes you not want to deal with food in the room. The carpet was an old fashioned dark green color. It's ok when you first check-in, but as the hours go by, you notice that this color shows every grain of sand, every light colored speck, etc. Too tight of a space. Dated surroundings. Didn't feel that the room was clean. My husband misplaced his glasses. We still laugh at how horrified we were that they might have fallen under the bed. Neither of us wanted to check under or behind the bed. Luckily we found them before needing to do this. I'm sorry to say that we checked out of this hotel after 2 days. We're not hotel snobs. Our vacation just wasn't worth the hassle. I woke up both days thinking How can I spend as little time in this room today, as possible? Due to other positive reviews, which I relied on, my advice is to try get a good room. If that guarantee is not possible, I would not risk my vacation time being uncomfortable. Book something that you can be sure about. I didn't see any of the other rooms.On a positive note, the hotel staff very hospitable. Starbucks is close by. Galaxy Restaurant is also close by and has a great breakfast special ($2.99).  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	5	3	

<Author>NedPerth
<Content>Waikiki's best kept secret. Stayed at the Celebrity Resorts on the way to and back from California. In our nine nights we managed to stay in a suite, a four person studio and two person studio. All the accomodationwas excellent and considering what we paid, great value for money. The one bedroom suite was huge and would suit families as there is two bathrooms and more importantly two TVs! It also has a very good kitchen.The four person studio had a much larger bathroom than the two person one but both rooms were larger than an average hotel room and had a kitchenette which had all the pans, plates and utensils you could need.All the staff were very friendly and the location and condition of the hotel was great. In summing up we paid a lot more for hotels on our travels but none were as good as The Celebrity Resorts.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>barbara1105
<Content>Very nice It was a low price for a Waikiki hotel, not too far from the beach, close to everything (shopping, public transport, etc.). The rooms were very nice, very clean. Friendly and helpful staff. I would definitely stay there again.We did have to walk up the stairs (3rd floor) but it was fine for us. But do keep it in mind.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbanville6
<Content>Nice       Hula lesson  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>dwieg
<Content>Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!! This is probably the best kept secret in Hawaii.Not one of those high priced ritzy hotels with 40 floors.We went there for our 40th anniversary and loved every minute. So much, we booked for 7 nights and stayed for 11. Very helpful and friendly staff. Very clean and well maintained. Close to everything, but when lounging by the pool you never new you were. Honestly loved it and thank you Celebrity Resorts!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Staidthere
<Content>Terrific Value in the middle of Waikiki My wife and I stayed at Celebrity Resorts for two days in July because it appeared to be the best value in the area near Duke鈥檚 Lane and the International Marketplace. We wanted to book a double room, but only a suite was available. The suite was worth the extra $20 a day, and it still cost less than a standard room at the Ilima Hotel next door. The hotel is served by a wireless Internet service called Wanderport that charges guests of this and other hotels $10 for 24 hours. It would have been a good deal if the service didn't get oversubscribed starting at about 9:30 a.m. The Internet unclogs again at night. Fortunately there is a good Internet cafe with reliable Internet access on Nahua Street, accessible through the back gate (room key can open the gate). We loved the round-the-clock availability of various kinds of coffee near the pool and the $3 all-you-can eat pancake and orange juice breakfast served every Thursday. Rooms were clean, and everything worked. The reception and cleaning staff were helpful, happy and friendly. We plan to stay there the next time we return to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Melkolbe
<Content>Simple, No Frills in Waikiki This place was clean and cheap. Well situated in the middle of Waikiki. Not ocean view but you aren't paying for that. If you have to be in Oahu and in Waikiki, this would be a good bargain place to stay. The front desk staff are very nice, helpful and friendly. Even more friendly than some of the brass and glass places I've stayed in the past.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Canadiansonthego
<Content>Shhhh.... don't tell anyone! Keep it a secret! Flying in from Australia, we were a little timid, not having stayed here before. We had booked Celebrity Resorts Waikiki based on the consistently good reviews from Trip Advisor. (Wondered if some of the Celebrity staff had submitted some of their own good comments(kidding!).) First the price was perfect for us holidaying on a budget but wanting to feel special anyway. Tears came to my eyes when we walked into our very large one bedroom suite. Spotlessly clean, very well appointed and with two bathrooms, two living areas, a small and neat kitchen, two TVs. Perfect for my partner and two children. Our glass sliding doors opened onto the courtyard pool area. Privacy for us all. Very lush tropical paradise. This little slice of heaven - only 3 floors tall - the little David amongst the skyscraper Goliaths. We didn't hear any traffic whatsoever. So, ok all of you reading this will appreciate the amenities and close proximity to the beach but hey... what about the customer service? More kudos for Judy (manager) and staff. Obviously they love people, take pride in their work and there are little extras that just delighted us. A range of free delicious flavoured coffees,each morning to choose from, an all-you-can-eat pancake and sausage breakfast on Thursday mornings and - yes - feel free to take the little beach chairs to the beach. There is a feeling of family and community here. We loved that. As we walked along Waikiki Beach at sunset, looking at the huge 5 star hotels, we felt like the lucky ones. Just one hesitation in writing this review - what if it becomes booked out and we can't get in next year? We will be very disappointed! Judy - if you read this, an extra thank you for your sincere graciousness and that of your delightful staff. 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Vidyasadhu
<Content>Excellent bargain The value for the price cannot be beat! Staff was great! It's a small hotel where you get to know other guests around the pool under the tropical foilage. The seperate concierge service was just great helping us book a car and tours. It felt like a home away from home. I highly recommend this hotel for the bargain hunter.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hiswindow2heaven
<Content>Absoutely Wonderful! This was my husbands first time to Hawaii and therefore, I really wanted to make it special. We were on a really tight budget and couldn't afford the luxury of a 5 star hotel. We were looking for something comfortable and affordable. I found Celebrity Resorts through Hotels.com and went on trip Advisor to see what reviews were written about the place. There were mostly positive reviews and I'd have to agree 100% with all of them. The bed was comforatable, the room was very clean and it came with a stove and fridge, so we were able to cook breakfast and dinner when we didn't have the money to eat out. It was literally less than a block away from the main street where all the shopping and restaurants were. It's a short bus ride down to the main mall. We also got tickets to Germaine's Luau and the pick up spot was a block away from the hotel. The staff was so friendly and accomodating. They answered all of our questions and when we needed more towels or directions..they were very prompt. We took advatange of the swimming pool and hot tub which were very clean and relaxing after a long day of walking and site seeing. They have these beautiful Palm Trees surrounding the pool area...makes you feel like you're swimming in the middle of a tropical forest. We absolutely loved our stay and will definitely return if we plan on visiting Honolulu again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tak3
<Content>It's only fair to share       Living room and Eating area  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tbsparkles
<Content>Very friendly and helpful staff We were really concerned what the resorts rooms were going to look like after viewing the website. We had 2 studio rooms, when viewing on the website it looked like the shower was in the kitchen. Needless to say they were not.Everyone at the resort was extremely kind and helpful. They would do everything they could to find answers to questions for you. Where to find I climbed Diamond Head tshirts, where was good places to eat. They were extremely good at directions. I just cant say enough nice things about the people that work at this resort.It really is close to so many things, must of the time we walked. There is a charge of 10.00 dollars a day to park at the resort, and is best to let them know ahead of time if you will be needing a space, because parking is very limited. The first night we had to park across the street at another resort and there it cost us 18.00 dollars.Cass and Theresa were very helpful in helping to plan tours, luas and day trips. We went to the Paradise Cove Lua at the suggestion of Cass and it was well worth the money. The food was great.We took a day trip over to Maui with Poylnesian Tours. We were picked up out in front of the resort and taken to the airport and then we flew to maui where we were met by a nother rep. The day was great. Our flight back was early. There was a rep there to great us and take us to the waiting tour bus. The wait on the tour bus and return trip to the hotel took longer than the flight. First we had to wait at least 30 minutes before we even started to leave the airport. Then the driver circled around and went back to the airport, picked up 1 passanger, then we left again, only to circle back again to the airport again. Where they loaded more passangers on, by this time was had been on the bus for over an hour. They had more passengers then seats, so then they had to make most of the ones they loaded get off. Finally we got on the road. The driver didn't act very knowledgble about where hotels were. He just stared hollarring out street names and asking if your hotel was close to that road. We ended up getting off about 2 blocks from our hotel and walking. Long story short I don't think i would go on another tour with this company  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tandarook
<Content>Waikiki's best kept secret! At $68 per night we booked for this hotel with some trepidation telling ourselves even if it was a total dump we usually spend most of our time in Oahu out and about so it was worth a shot. What a wonderful suprise this hotel turned out to be! The ambience of the place is true Waikiki 60's style. From the minute you walk in the front door past the Welcome Home sign you know you are on to a winner. The lobby immeadiately transports you back in time with it's cane furniture, vintage Hawiian music and decor - all scrupulously clean. The staff are friendly and welcoming and the view to the pool screams Hawaii.Check in was a dream and we were in our room within minutes of arrival.The room was spacious and clean with all the amenitites you need to self service meals although with so many great eateries within walking distance who could be bothered!The maids did a great job of cleaning each day - including any dishes (which has not been our experience in other Oahu hotels in the area).One of the things I found interesting in previous TripAdvisor reviews stating the views were either great or terrible. This was easily explained once we arrived as half the rooms overlook the gorgeous coutyard with the pool, SPA and greenery and the other half overlook neighbouring alleys which are essentially the back of other shops and hotels. If you get the chance when booking definitely ask for a courtyard facing room. Ala the concierge was an absolute gem and arranged all our bookings in her friendly manner. It was lovely to meet her around the hotel over the next few days with her warm hello - she is a real asset to the hotel.It is worth checking the hotel price regularly in the days leading up to your stay as it varies depending on vacancy rate. We added on an extra night after we arrived and paid $89 for that night as it was close to the memorial day weekend.HIGHLIGHTS: a block to Waikiki beach, 2 minutes walk to Macy's, 1 minute walk to the International Market, bus stop on the corner, great pool, great SPA, lovely abience, scrupulously clean airconditioned rooms, friendly staff, car rental place literally across the street, CHEAP!DOWNSIDES: noise from a bar down the street (we were only woken twicxe in 8 nights so not as bad as it sounds), awful views if you have a room facing the alleys (ask for a courtyard facing room), musty smeall until we asked to have the airconditioner serviced then it was fine.Overall this hotel was fantastic and the best kept secret in Oahu. We will definitely be staying there again in future.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AustraliaDonnaSydney
<Content>Loved it. We stayed for 9 days,5 of us all women.We had a unit with a connecting door one of us had to sleep on the sofa very uncomfortable.The rooms were very big and clean we had everything we needed there,the rooms were cleaned every day and very well.The staff were very helpful Arron and Diana were a great help for anything we needed.We loved the location central to everything markets,food,shopping (we loved the shopping )cant wait to go back....  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>croatie
<Content>Celebrity Resorts Waikiki - a great choice! This is a fantastic place if you are doing Waikiki on a budget. Our group of 4 stayed in one of the 1 bedroom suites. It was actually 2 rooms adjoined by a door. The only downfall is that one room has a queen bed and the other room has two pull-out sofa's. Since our travel companion was 4 months pregnant, she took the queen bed and my wife and I each took a couch as the pull-out was dreadfully painful.It was great having a kitchen to do our own cooking, and the two weber bbq's by the pool are top notch.It's not even two blocks away from the beach, and very close to restaurants, stores, transit, etc. As said before, the staff are FANTASTIC. Aaron and Judy were extremely helpful with everything. Since our flights didn't leave until 10:30pm, the let us store all of our luggage and even let us use a room to shower up after squeezing in one last visit to the beach.Oh, and the free coffee every morning was great. Grab some fresh baked croissants or danishes across the street at St. Germains Bakery and you've got a delicious and cheap breakfast on the go.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>derf74
<Content>Best Hotel and Service in Waikiki We just returned from Celebrity Resorts for a six day stay. We travel to Hawaii a lot and this was the best place we have stayed at ever. The staff is wonderful Words can not explain how wonderful they are. Living in Las Vegas NV and working with people all day, I was so empressed with Judy the manager who is terriffic and Arron the front desk clerk who is wonderful. I have never experienced such friendly staff every day. Everyone at this hotel , all staff get an A.The room are clean and the maid servic is terriffic. They have everything you would want in a resort. Close to the beach, market and even have coffee for free in the mornings. Pancake breakfest, pizza night etc.Don't miss out on this one!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>trixi
<Content>Celebrity Resort Gets A+ We had timeshare points available and RCI notified us that the Celebrity Resort was available over Christmas holiday. All the reviews we read here were accurate. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. The unit was on the third floor. (My husband is a smoker so he could smoke inside the room.) The lanai overlooked the pool. We had a two burner stove, microwave and half refrigerator. There was new carpeting, nice linens and plump pillows. There was not a speck of dirt anywhere. The Food Pantry grocery store was only 2 blocks away so there was no problem getting liquor and food. The entire resort was well maintained. On one of the days we had to leave early to catch a circle bus tour. When we arrived back at the unit, the staff had already washed our dishes and made our bed!! We called the Celebrity Resort our little oasis in the city. It is only three stories high and surrounded on all sides by high rises. It had a small but clean pool, nice hot tub and plenty of chaise lounges and tables around the pool. It had lots of lush vegetation and palm trees. The bus stop was one block away so we never had to rent a car. You could travel around the whole island for $2.00 The resort was a 2 block walk from Waikiki Beach. We loved the place and would gladly visit again!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bia592
<Content>Heaven On Earth Celebrity Resorts Hotel in Waikiki, is outstanding. I read all of the reviews on Expedia, and I thought that this Hotel should have been ranked much higher. There is no elevator, which to my husband and I was not a big deal what so ever, but the staff was outstanding, and very helpful. The housekeeping service came everyday, if you wanted, and cleaned everything. Even any dishes that might have been left in the sink. We stayed 4 nights, and that was not nearly enough. We will be going back to Hawaii in December of this year, 2007, and guess where we are staying, yep, you guessed it. Celebrity Resorts. In fact, we are going to talk to them about a time share.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lbd14
<Content>Awesome !       Lovely Hula  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frivera
<Content>This resort is a hidden jewel. This three story giant among hotel behemoths proved to be homey and welcoming. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.The two studios we stayed in were perfect and had everything. There is now wireless internet being offered. Pool area was furnished well and even had two gas grills for charring burgers if that's your pleasure.Every room has a balcony but you could end up overlooking and alley or looking directly into someone's apartment. This air conditioning was little weak but if you took a fan with you that would make it perfect.The beds could use a mattress pad or replacement.That being written, I will be returning to Celebrity Resorts Waikiki when we return at the same time next year. At $74.00 a night it couldn't be beat.By the way, tip the maid a couple of dollars a day and they'll take care of your room, they're sweet ladies.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Globetrekker0129
<Content>Wonderful We booked this hotel on absolute last minute and I have to say we didn't get what we expected...in a good way. The room was HUGE (we got the suite, which is two rooms with a door in between) this room was way too big for just the two of us but it was still very nice and I couldn't believe what we got for the price, such a bargain. Everything was clean and tidy. About two blocks to Waikiki and lots of restaurants, shops and a nice little grocery store close by. We had a wonderful stay. On the last day checkout was at 11am and our plane didnt leave until the evening, they held our baggage and let us use a room that afternoon to shower in after a day at the beach, it was a great help and a lot more comfortable than showering at the beach!The only negative thing I would mention is make sure you reserve your parking if you rent a car. It is $10 a day if you park at the hotel BUT if they are out of spaces (there aren't very many!!) you get sent across the road to another hotel parking space where it is $18 a day!!! We booked this trip very last minute however, so lack of parking could mostly have been our fault, just make sure you've got a spot if you need one.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andrealv
<Content>Feels like Home This was a small scale (3 story) hotel with not much of a view, but other than that, it was a great home away from home. The staff made you feel welcome, the location was just as great as any other hotel (close to everything) and their jacuzzi area is surrounded by plants and trees to make it very romantic. It appears to be a timeshare resort (signs mention guests and owners) and the guests we encountered usually seemed to be older couples. It was a nice quiet, comfortable place to stay with the little extras (like the kitchen) that make it a great deal for the price. It's not glamourous or fancy, but it has everything you need to relax after a day of swimming, sun or fun. They even have fun activities available on a daily basis, like a pizza party, scuba lessons, coconut painting, etc.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>melita06
<Content>The perfect choice       The hotel pool  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Benefits
<Content>What a Gem Can't begin to explain how happy We were with our stay. This place is a hidden gem. Sure its not the four seasons, but for what we paid it certainly seemed like it. Stayed 4 nights in September over labor day weekend. Loved it. Right in the middle of everthing waikiki has to offer. Staff was great. Special thanks to Judy(manager), and Brian and Diana(front desk staff), they really made our stay pleasant. Nice grounds in the courtyard. Only negative I would say is the parking situation. It's tight. But thats waikiki. Since this was our first trip I now know that a car really isn't needed. Cab it and rent a car for maybe a day or two max. There are buses and trolleys everywhere but pretty much everthing can be reached on foot. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>OBoogie
<Content>What an Oasis !!! I've been coming to Hawaii twice a year for the last ten years and I've stayed in so many hotels and Celebrity Resorts has got to be one of the best place I've stayed at. Conveniently located in the middle of everything, clean and the staff are the best. I highly recommend this place and I can't wait to come back to this hotel/resort. I love the daily programs that they offer, especially the all you can eat pancakes on Thursday !!! If you've read any bad reviews about this hotel, well let me tell you that they are wrong. This hotel/resort is one of the best in Waikiki and as i've mentioned I can't wait to come back here ...  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>davidiz
<Content>Great little place The reviews posted here only begin to describe the warm, friendly, helpful and cooperative staff who are always available to answer all of the innumerable questions and requests. As others have said ignore the outside of the hotel. Walk in through the open air lobby and immediately take a deep breath. The atmostphere is very relaxing, paradise like. Adjacent to the lobby is an open air courtyard with the pool and hot tub in the middle. The three wings of the hotel surround the pool. Yes there are no elevators, but with the exception of dragging travel bags upstairs when arriving this isn't really a concern. A concierge is available most of the time. Each concierge was also knowledgeable and helpful about what to see and do. The location is great, across from Duke's Lane. From cross then next street for beach access and Cheesecake Factory. Its a great value for the price, I would easily stay there again if I were to return to Honolulu.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hwnldy
<Content>Great staff, wonderful aloha spirit The reason I'm rating this above average and not excellent is because this is an older and smaller establishment than others in Waikiki and some renovations are due. The most wonderful part about this establisment is the staff!! I can't express this enough. I live on Oahu and my husband and I take mini-vacations several times a year. We love Celebrity Resorts because No. 1, the staff, and it's a homey-cozy kind of place. It has a pool, pool toys (rafts, balls, volleyball net, etc. There is a hot tub in a romantic tree lined setting, close proximity to beach and shopping  free morning coffee. There are no elevators, 3 floors (not too bad), and the air conditioners and plumbing could use a little work. Especially appreciate Diana (great sense of humor)  Judy (warm and knowledgeable). We definetly will stay again if we can get in! It books up quite fast and early for most holidays. Much Mahalo, we truly felt like ohana. See you soon!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would stay again (extravagent travelers need not read) This review has been delayed a bit but the wife and I stayed here for the week of March 22nd, 2006 during Oahu's worst rain storm in 50 years...Aside from the weather, we had an excellent time and enjoyed most of our stay at the Celebrity Resorts property.Features: Pool / Spa / Onsite laundry (coin op) / Free Coffee in the morning / Poolside activities / Tour Desk with friendly staffPros: Centrally located to the shopping and close to the cool bars and clubs. Small and quaint. Not too many kids as this is a timeshare property (exchanges through RCI are available) / Liquor store next door (and a bar) / kitchenette was adequately equipped / gas BBQs available for usage / Excellent maid service / No elevators (3 stories)Cons: Furnishings and decor could use an update / Beds were hard as wood / Showers smell of mold after a couple days / Musty smell in hotel hallways / No elevators / Views (if you aren't an owner of a timeshare you will not be happy)To elaborate on the view thing.... we got lucky because we have RCI so we are considered owners.... hence, we got a room with a view..... of the pool area. Others aren't so fortunate and get to look out onto the rundown apartment complexes next door or onto Nohonani Ave which is not bad but doesn't ring up vacation when you look out the window. I need visual stimulation. The pool area view at least has some scenery that is somewaht pleasant.The rooms have an old Hawaiian seafoam green carpet that has overstayed it's welcome and is probably due for an update. There is a snack machine available. No restaurant on site. Delivery services are available and the rooms come with a ton of restaurant flyers to order from.Our room was equipped with a safe, ironing board, pullout sofa, TV w/ cable, alarm clock, mini fridge and a kitchenette w/ cookware and place settings for 4.I would probably stay here again if it was our only choice like it was this last time. I travel to Hawaii 5 or 6 times a year and this is a good spot if you are looking to save a few dollars.The best part about this place was probably the friendly staff, and the location. This is a great spot to be if you want to be in the center of it all but for less money.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>friends23
<Content>Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful This place is a vacation paradise. It is a little hidden place on Oahu. The hotel is older than most but has so much more to offer than any other place that we have stayed. To begin with the front desk staff that checks you in is so friendly that they have already taken you into their Ohana. From the moment that you check in until you check out they will help you with anything that you need as well as give you directions, tell you their opinion of what is good or bad places to see. I cannot say enough about Judy (the front desk manager) and her staff.The hotel has an exceptional housekeeping staff also. The grounds and the rooms are very clean. The staff is always busy cleaning and hustling, almost like being at Disneyland because they clean, clean, clean.The only problem that we had was with the General Manager. This man has a short fuse and goes off on his employees at a whim. He does it in front of the guests. Lucky that he spends most of his time in his office so we rarely saw him.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Really enjoyed our stay here. Selected the hotel based on the reviews at Trip Advisor and it met expectations. Location is great, close to everything. Yes - it's fairly basic but it's a home away from home and just right for budget travellers. It's friendly, clean and value for money so if you value these features - stay here.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kiwi12
<Content>Fantastic            
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Timeshare owner/Wonderful Staff Timeshare owner of this facility. It may not be theRoyal Hawaiian, etc. but the staff is wonderful and the place is clean. I have been a timeshare owner for the last 15 years and will return this year again.It's amazing how people critize the facility when their only going to sleep, shower and leave for the rest of the day. The other hotels don't give you the personal services you get at this resort. I have seem this facility go thru some changes to the better.One thing the reviews do not mention, they havedays the staff will put on a BBQ feast, PancakeBreakfast with entertainment. They also (used to) havescuba instructers demo in the pool with guest. The staff do everything to make your stay pleasant. That's more than I can say for the large hotels. The larger hotels just check you in and don't even know you name thru-out your stay. I always feel at home here and safe, as much traveling I do on my own.Aloha, see you again beautiful Hawaii!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not again I've stayed at this resort before while trading a timeshare. It seems to be the only Honolulu timeshare location that ever has space available. When I was there the first time they said they were renovating so the hallways were pretty torn up. I thought that would explain its run down look. I was wrong about that.This time the room was even smaller it seemed than before, there is no bathtub -- only showers, the walls are quite thin, no elevators and there was a dead cockroach on the floor when we first walked in (not a killer for me - since it is Hawaii after all). The message light on our phone (right next to the bed) remained on and VERY bright throughout our stay. We were told that was the way it was supposed to be. Our A/C unit was very loud and one day it stopped working. I called about it and they said they'd send someone up. Turned out it had created a block of ice that was stopping the air from coming through. So we turned it off until it melted and then it worked again. No one ever came up to fix it nor did we hear from anyone.There is only one building that is non-smoking, but people smoked in it anyway. Our neighbor's smoke and voices came through the vents (as well as the wall).Our view? About 10 feet away from the wall and balcony of an apartment building next door, plus an unkempt alley. No point in using the balcony.I didn't find the pool or the hottub to be particularly clean so I didn't want to use them.The staff wasn't particularly helpful with the few things that I needed. The parking is very limited and it is first come, first served for the passes. So if you are one of the lucky one's whose flight comes in early you'll get one.The best part of this motel (not a hotel and not a resort) is its location. Walking distance to everything.RCI calls this an RCI Resort of International Distinction. Scares me to think what a regular timeshare would be like then. I traded a week of a Gold Crown resort for this.In the future, I'd prefer to pay for a hotel elsewhere.If you just want a shower and a bed, this may be the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>UWECSARAH
<Content>Scared at first -- but it turned out to be wonderful!       Condo  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oneLten
<Content>Clean, but basic   showReview(3787436, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had an awesome time   showReview(3733221, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little place for the money!!!        A view of the kitchen area  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waikiki Timeshare Doubles as Informal Resort   showReview(3653472, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good staff, a good deal for the $   showReview(3342006, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miracleneeded
<Content>Okay   showReview(3298313, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The time of our lives.   showReview(3182481, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Expectations   showReview(3024402, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay   showReview(2972873, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>piratesr1
<Content>Avoid at all costs!   showReview(2919642, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel, Preisleistungen stimmen   showReview(13984220, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

