<Author>Lauren54321
<Content>What a DUMP! First, let me say hotels.com completely mislead me about this hotel. They said it was 4 stars (I can't imagine by whose standards) and renovated in 2007. Let's start at the beginning:-Called hotel REPEATEDLY for 45 min. to get directions. No one answered the front desk. Got lost as a result.-Arrived to check in. There was one frazzled woman at the desk handling everything. The phone rang non-stop with no one to answer it. -We had to wait 15 minutes to get a key to our room AFTER we checked in because the machine that resets the keys wasn't working.-The room we got was NOT renovated at all. All the furnishings were from the 1980's and garish. The wallpaper was PEELING off the walls! -After complaining to the apathetic manager, we were given a new room---which was an exact copy of the horrible room we already had!-The pool was DANGEROUS. There were small metal objects sticking out of the floor of the pool and one of the ladders to get into the pool had a MISSING rung! There were also small pieces of nuts and bolts next to the ladder. BEWARE PARENTS!-They also charge a resort fee, which we were not informed of. How this place can be considered a resort is beyond me. In short, this hotel ruined the last day of my vacation.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	-1	1	2	3	

<Author>tripper80
<Content>Great for little kids but rooms are shabby We stayed at the Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort over a post-Christmas weekend. First impressions were very good. Beautiful large lobby with more than one staff person at the desk. They had two bird cages with beautiful birds in the lobby that kept our toddler entertained while we waited for our room to be ready (which it was at 1:00 - more on that later). The lobby also has some shops and food/snacks available for purchase. Another plus are the nice tables in the lobby which were used for card games and eating meals (the rooms don't really have ample space for that). The pool area is very resort-like. Nice big heated pool and nice heated wading pool. Plenty of deck chairs and tables in a large area. Very easy direct beach access. Really nice kiddie jungle gym right by the pool deck on the sand. I thought that was a terrific plus and decently located with 2 small minuses. 1. the poisonous rodent trap in the corner of the area could have been placed elsewhere and 2. the jungle gym was starting to show some serious wear and rust. Such as holes in the floor plastic. I think the extra 10$ is justified for these nice amenities, but they should be better kept. Now onto the rooms. When you get out of the elevator, it is like you have somehow landed in a different hotel. The carpet in the halls is shabby and smelly. The walls are no better. We stayed on the 4th floor in a one bedroom suite facing the street in front of the building. It appears, from reading some other postings, that some of the rooms have been redone. I wonder how you know what you are getting and what the price difference is. Our room was tidy but shabby. The carpet was no better than the hall and there was a small chunk of wall missing under the window. It just looked old. The bathroom was clean enough. I liked the bath products they offer. The mini-fridge and microwave were good and useful. We did not use the Murphy bed. They promptly brought us a good-sized crib as soon as we got there. The room is not really a one bedroom suite, rather a large room partitioned into two with a half-way wall that has a pull-out pocket door between sections. That suited us fine with our toddler on the other side, but I tend to prefer a traditional suite. I was very surprised at how loud police/ambulance/firetrucks' sirens were as they passed by the hotel at 3am. It certainly woke us up. We did not eat at the hotel. We found the local restaurants and grocery stores at the strip malls across the street fit our needs. I would likely consider staying here again based on the amenities and the price. We got a great internet travel site deal, so I feel like it was worth it. But, next time I would look into staying in a beach-side room (maybe to avoid the traffic noise?) And I am still wondering about the renovated rooms I see people are posting about here...  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>luckydog1965
<Content>Horrible!!! We were on a New Year's Cruise and decided to stay at this hotel for one night on our return before our flight back home. When we first checked in, the front counter clerk gave me my dook keys and asked me to go check if my room was ready. When I entered the room, ceramic tiles were lifted right off the counter and the room was very outdated and not clean. I returned to the front again and asked that I be given a different room, the clerk proceeds to give me another set of keys. This room was no better. As a matter of fact, the hallway smelled of urine. This hotel allows pets in all of their rooms. I argued with the front counter manager and called Expedia who I had booked and prepaid the room with. The hotel manager advised me that he could not help me since I had booked through Expedia. Upon my return home, I contacted Expedia who contacted the hotel, and surprise surprise, the hotel manager denied the whole thing. Stay away from this place.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ColoradoCouple1
<Content>Can only recommend this for families with small children! We have mixed feelings about staying at this hotel. We booked very early (August 2008) for a four night stay in December 2008 and the room we initially got was supposed to be pool view with partial ocean view. We were disgusted by the room. It was so filthy, outdated and small with mirrors everywhere and no room to walk around. We had a filthy balcony that looked out onto the parking garage of the next hotel and there was no pool view at all. We complained to the manager and were told that they were sold-out for the night but he would get us a better room the next day and he would not charge us for the first night. That was a very reasonable offer. The next morning we talked to the front desk manager (Michelle) and she offered us a brand new, renovated room for the same amount. She even walked us up to the room to make sure it was to our satisfaction. This room was wonderful and we can totally recommend it (room 1017). The hotel is nicely situated although it is pretty far from the actually Miami Beach area. It is located in Sunny Isles Beach which is closer to Fort Lauderdale. We were surprised about all the facilities they have for small children. There is entertainment by the pool (we could have done without that), an entertainment director who tried his best but could not control all the kids running around, and screaming kids everywhere! Traveling with my husband and a 16-year old daughter, this was not exactly our thing. The beach is wonderful, however, and the service there was also good.The parking situation is another thing. The self-park is across the very busy street ($10 a day) and so we choose to do the valet parking for $15 a day. It is a little bit more and you have to tip them but it is so much more convenient and they were very friendly and quick. Breakfast is not to be recommended. The breakfast buffet is not up to standards and way to expensive. The staff is rude and takes forever. On Hallandale Boulevard (10 minute drive) is a wonderful breakfast place called Nick's restaurant which is much better and much cheaper. All in all we enjoyed our stay because of the quality of the room and the customer service they provided. If we come back again, we will search for a hotel that is not so much geared towards small children. There are plenty of hotels to choose from in this area!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	3	1	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Partyparent
<Content>Very Nice Experience       Poolside games w/ director  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>CapricornToronto
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at Newport Beachside with my husband in the first 3 days of December before our Globus tour to Brazil. I can say it was a wonderful experience. I booked the hotel on its own site only 4 days before the check-in date and we saved a lot. It is a very nice hotel where you have the great caribbean vacation feeling: pool with music and a bar, beach towels and chairs, little huts on the beach, even an activities schedule you receive with your room keys. We had a one bedroom ocean view and it was exactly as described on the hotel's site. The room was very clean and the maids do a wonderful job to accomplish this.You have a choice of self parking ($10 a day) in a multi level parking lot across the street or valet parking on hotel's grounds ($15 a day) which was presented to us when we checked in. The big plus of this hotel is its people. Everybody is very nice and accomodating trying to make your stay as pleasent as possible. We had an absolutely amazing experience with the service of Patricio X Rosas, the Chief Concierge of the hotel who made possible our trip to Brazil and Argentina. In the morning of the day of our flight to Brazil he offered to confirm our names on the flight list with TAM (the Brazilian airline). We were horified to find out that we were not on the flight. He made so many phone calls for us to Globus Tours in Toronto, to my travel agent in Toronto, to the airport in Miami until at about 2:30 pm when we finaly found out we were put on the flight.He saved our vacation and we are very grateful to him for this. We did not meet before an employee in the tourism business so determined on helping two of his hotel's guests to pozitively rezolve such a nasty problem. We are very greatful to you Patricio! Next time we will be in Miami we will definetly stay at this hotel.I cannot coment on the restaurant because we did not eat there. We found restaurants in the plaza across from the hotel and the one one block north where there is a small supermarket as well.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeachWizard4U
<Content>Great Time - Family Friendly       Pool view from balcony.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ontariobeacher
<Content>Dirty and Not a Family Holiday Destination Had we not already paid up front to stay at this hotel I would not be writing this review because we would not have stayed. We arrived planning to have a great family holiday but it really was a disaster. The first room we were shown was disgusting. There was a hole in the wall in the bedroom where the door handle hit it. There were burn marks on the sofa and the toilet seat. Something had been spilled on the night table in the bedroom but it was never cleaned properly so it was sticky. I don't believe a vacumn cleaner has ever been run along the edge where the carpet meets the walls. The most disgusting thing however was the huge hair ball in the bathtub. There was no plug so it was easy to see! Overall, the room was moldy smelling and the bedding was, for lack of a better word, moist. Upon complaining they gave us another room which was equally dirty. After further complaining we were given a renovated room on the tenth floor which appeard to be cleaner than anything else we had seen so we agreed to stay. Even so, I wasn't happy because we ended up with a hotel room with a pull-out couch for our two children, when initially we had booked a suite to accommodate us all. We spent a week in a very cramped environment. Given the fact the rooms were so incredibly filthy, we refused to even consider eating at the hotel. We settled for cereal breakfasts and sandwich lunches we prepared ourselves, and we ate dinner at local restaurants (be prepared to drive). As for drinks, we bought our own alchohol and prepared drinks in our room. A bloody mary at the bar cost almost $8 US dollars so unless you have unlimited spending money plan to make your own drinks. The lobby was fine but outdated and the furniture not exactly clean. I made sure not to sit on the seats once I was dressed for dinnner. We were charged $10 a day for parking, and we had to park across the street (an extremely busy street I might add...). I don't think the place warranted charging guests to park. In addition there was a $10 per day 'activity' fee which we could have done without paying. I could have done without the pool-side singer who sang the exact same songs every day at the exact same time in the exact same droning voice. I assume other costs the 'activity' fee covered were related to the resort-type activities they offered (i.e. bingo, kids games, etc.). Again, I could have done without them as this was not a resort hotel from my perspective. To be fair to the hotel, there was one positive. The pool was kept very clean and it was heated (which it needed to be given the fact we were there in December). They had just purchased and put out all brand new lounge chairs and they were in the final stages of finishing a new outdoor pool-side bar and eating area. It was obvious where the money was being spent to upgrade this facility. Just to put this in perspective so you don't think we're a family of prima donnas...I have travelled all over the world, including backpacking trips through Europe and Asia. I am a professional who travels often for my job. I have stayed in literally hundreds of hotels over the years. Sorry - but I have to say this was the dirtiest hotel I've ever stayed at. I would not consider going back unless the place was gutted and cleaned from the bottom up!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	2	

<Author>mtrsomar
<Content>Nice Rooms but Beware with Second Floor       1  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>stevenkagen
<Content>Sold me out. Well, we never actually stood at this hotel. We did have a reservation, but did not stay. The one bedroom suite we reserved was not available and the standard room that manager offered us to crash in (it was about 11pm as we arrived) was so dirty and filthy that we just left.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Validolo
<Content>Newport Beachside. Cautiously. Cautiously. We should stay in hotel from 13 Nov 08 till 16 Nov 08. We have paid for accommodation in advance. The hotel has repair. Disturb a sound of civil work behind a wall. Very dirty windows and balconies. On the reception desk people swore at employees of hotel. Visitors had reservation of hotel, but them did not lodge in hotel, because there were no free room. But the most awful it is chinches. My room is 1026. In the first night, I have woken up because that all my body was terribly scratched. My hands and a back have become covered by the big blisters. In a bed there were many chinches. We have interrupted the residing at this hotel. I then long accepted an antiallergic medicine that traces of stings have disappeared  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>lisac_99
<Content>Great customer service... I was concerned w/the Newport Beachside reviews that I had read, but I also did not want to break the bank for a hotel room in Miami. The front appearance and lobby are LOVELY. The customer service, TOP NOTCH! Everyone was friendly. When we arrived to our room (pool/beach view w/jacuzzi tub) i was not real thrilled w/the room. There was a picture online that showed the jacuzzi tub in a corner, really big, and so my husband went down the the check-in desk and expressed our dissapointment and upgraded us at no charge to the king suite w/the big tub. I was really impressed that they were so accomodating. The room itself is dated, or I like to think they are halfway through renovations. The bathrooms were wonderful, large new tile, new updated glass doors, BIG jacuzzi tub, it was wonderful. The towels were fluffy and all the products in the room were Bath  Body. The bed was surprisingly comfy and I just wish they would have updated the room furniture to go w/the bed. Maybe they are, and maybe they are just in the middle of renovating. It was to windy for us to enjoy the beach or pool, but they had a nice outside bar and wonderful huts your could have rented on the beach. Overall a nice and relaxing weekend!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bcmwk
<Content>Newport Beachside: The Negatives Addressed! Okay, here's the real deal on Newport Beachside if you plan on staying. First off ... some of you folks visiting need to seriously relax. Some of the complaints here are ridiculous! So rather than talk about how great it was I'll try to address the negatives from some of the recent reviews. 1) $10 resort fee - Yes, they do disclose it on a paper they give you. The fee goes towards beach chairs, various activities (bingo, children games) and other things to make your stay more enjoyable. Personally I think hidden fees are wrong but I have no complaints since staff readily helped out with beach chairs and the activities were fun.2) Room - Ours was fine. I don't understand folks saying it's outdated. But I didn't see all the rooms so I'm assuming they're similar to an extent. Everything worked just fine except for our safe which had an electronic problem. They replaced it with another one though it did take about 45 minutes. We needed extra blankets, pillows and coffee and it was handled with no problems. 3) Staff - Very friendly and cooperative. My guess is that some guests can be pushy and deserve what they get. Staff outside especially at the pool bar were very polite. 4) Seaweed on Beach: There were some spots in the water that had more than others but no problem. Water was great. Seaweed on the beach was here and there. No big deal.5) Trash on Beach: This is Miami folks. Your going to have stuff around. But it's not bad at all. And if you see some ... PICK IT UP AND THROW IT IN THE TRASH BIN 5 FEET AWAY! Don't be ignorant and complain, complain, complain. TAKE ACTION!Overall it was a nice place and I'd consider it again. The pool was always heated, the jacuzzi always hot, the live music (to some extent) was pleasant, the beach was gorgeous, the drinks were cold, out daughter had fun playing the resort games ... what more do you want. You can always find a more expensive place but this one fit our budget and more.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AmandaP513
<Content>Loved it! Didn't have a single bad experience! My husband and I just returned from a week at the Newport. We traveled with another couple and their 3-year-old daughter. Check in was a breeze! The first night we were there we called the front desk for more pillows. Housekeeping came up with them within 15 minutes.Our 2 bedroom suite was great. It was very clean. We had a living room with a pull out bed, a TV, a fridge and microwave. Both bedrooms had a king-size bed and TV with a separate balcony. The bathroom was nice with a Jacuzzi tub. We always had plenty of towels even with 5 of us in the room.The pool was nice and the kiddie pool was great for the 3 year old. They had activities by the pool all day long for both adults and kids. They were retiling the deck while we were there so space was limited but it still wasn't crowded at all.The beach was beautiful! The tiki huts were great for $30 a day if you wanted some shade. Otherwise, chairs and towels were included in your $10/day resort fee. The beach was raked every morning so there wasn't too much seaweed build up.We rented a car and chose to use the valet parking ($15/day) rather than the self parking ($10/day) that was across the street from the hotel. The valets were very friendly and it was a great service to have.There are a few things to do within walking distance but I was glad we had a car. The concierge was very knowledgeable about the area and gave us some great recommendations for both food and fun!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>qdiva13
<Content>Newport Beachside-- Nice but... This is a fabulously located hotel in north Miami beach but the guest services and maintenance stinks! Immediately upon entering our room we called because the bathroom sink did not drain (plunger stuck in down position). Maintenance fixed it by making it stick in the up position about an 1/8th of an inch open so it drained every so slowly but the drain could not be closed (had to put a towel in the sink when inserting or removing contacts). 2)Two hours into checkin, I went to the desk to report that the toilet would barely flush  it took 3 sometimes four flushes just to get a decent clearing of the bowl. This issue was never resolved although I called a 2nd  3rd time. 3)Day two-- asked the front desk to have the bedspread changed since it was shredded on the underside and the fluff was everywhere. Upon return to the room, this was not cared for and the bed looked like someone had pounced on top after it had been made plus the tub  sink had not been cleaned. Nor was the toilet fixed. I called house cleaning  spoke with the supervisor who was beligerent, asking if I was sure that I wasn't a timeshare then INSISTING that I was a timeshare tenant. That was my last straw and finally I got ugly, calling again, the front desk this time, in a huff. Upon returning that evening, the shredded bedspread was still on although it was neat,the sink and tub were clean and we had ample towels  replinshed coffee (for a change). Still, the toilet was up to a minimum of 4 flushes per single use. This was our 1st first anniversary and we'd brought 10 others with us for a total of 8 rooms. And as beautiful as the location and lobby were, we'd planned to make Newport Beach Resort our Florida meeting spot going forward... however, we'll keep looking cuz this was not my idea of fun (especially when the compensation for this nitemare was an oh I'm sorry, I'll deduct the resort fee ($10)! Thanks but no thanks-- there are too many beautiful hotels next door.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>jfritz99
<Content>Website photos deceiving Good: Great location, can walk to shops and restaurants nearby and it is on the beach (however the beach sand is not real walkable or soft). The lobby looks marvelous and that's about it. Fridge in room is nice and tiled sink/bar area. Crib was brought promptly to the room. At the pool, they had a resort guy, sort of like a cruise director who ran games and contests throughout the day.Bad: Fees- there's a $10 per day resort fee which they do not disclose. However, since we booked on travelocity the fee was included in the price. There's also $10 self parking and $15 for valet. The self parking is across the street so when we first pulled up to the hotel we were in a sense forced to use valet as they came up to the car and started helping us.The room was totally outdated. Upon arrival I felt a wet spot on the carpet. The next morning I realized the A/C vent was dripping and there was rust on the meal door frame where the water was beading. The maintenance was called and they attributed it to condensation and said we could switch rooms. It also rained really hard, and at 3 in the morning had to get towels to put in the window sill as window dripping. The maids only took out garbage, made bed, and replaced towels every few days. They never vaccumed the entire 7 days we were there or cleaned the dinette.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>shellym13
<Content>amazing from start to finish!       the fab jacuzzi!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1SeriousTraveler
<Content>Do not go to this hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My one star rating is for the beach only. Arriving on October 23, after a 5 hour flight, I arrived at the Newport resort only to find out that they were sending us to another equal star rated hotel (with roaches) down the way. The clerk stated they were remodeling, which I didn't buy, but that I could come back on the third night. This was after advance reservations. The management at this Newport Beachside Hotel  Resort are unprofessional and after two days of trying I did not get a call back from the manager, Michelle, to get a status on my reservation status. On the third day - I returned to Newport(since I had purchased a package and didn't want additional fees) only to be put into a room with a view of the side of the tar on their roof. Breakfast buffet was increadibly expensive at $33.00 for two people.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>Kikiskiski
<Content>Terrible To start out the employee who checked us in was very rude.I called for more pillows and couldnt get thru for the first severral times I called. When they did answer they re connected me to 3 different people and I still didnt get the pillows. I then called the front desk again and told them not to re direct my call and to plz bring 2 more pillows, I finally did receive them later that nite. The carpet in the hall way is in need of a shampoo. Very dirty, there were food particles that were never vacummed the entire 3 days we were there. There is a unpleasant smell in the hallways as well. The room is totally outdated. The ceiling in the bathroom has been patched and is still coming down. There is rust and one of the doors on the sink counter was hanging on by one hinge. Tried to use the fitness center , the bike, elliptic and stair master did not work. There was a terrible odor in the basement where the fitness center was located. Found a room down the hall with a large amount of standing water that had been there for who knows how long that smelled of mold. The only good part was the beach until we tried to use it. There were tiki huts but guests had to pay $20 to use them. You could get a chair if you wanted at no cost.But they charged you a $30 a nite resort fee. For what???Also, there is not much of anything to do within walking distance of this hotel. Stay elsewhere closer to South Beach even if it costs more you will regret it if you dont. This hotel is not worth $130.00 per nite and is no where near a three star.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ChuckyMac
<Content>lock up your possession We stayed at the hotel recently. Accomodations were nice enough. Our room was overlooked for house cleaning on one day and almost a second day until we complained about it. Had three Hundred dollars taken from my purse just after the room was cleaned. We know who did it but received no co-operation from the hotel or management.Tried to double charge us for the room upon check out. Would I recommend the hotel? Yes, but be cautious.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brytilton
<Content>Truly Fun Family Resort My husband and I stayed at Newport Beachside for 5 nights. We were greated by a friendly staff at the front desk and given a pool view room. We immediately noticed the air conditioner was not working properly and informed the front desk. They upgraded us to a beautiful oceanfront suite. The rooms have very large amount of closet space and hangers which I appreciate. The dishes, utensils, microwave and refrigerator came in handy for warming up restaurant leftovers and eating breakfast inside the hotel. There were 2 tvs which was great since my husband and I like different shows. The king bed was very comfortable. There was also a pull down bed which we used when one of us wanted to sleep later and not be disturbed since there was a sliding wall for privacy. Great idea! The jacuzzi tub and shower was the best I have experienced. We always had hot water no matter how long the shower was on. We have stayed at much more expensive resorts but none have compared to the happy and entertaining pool atmosphere. It was beautiful with all ages dancing and singing to the live music in and around the pool. The beach was kept clean daily but after the first swim my husband was stung by a jelly fish so we swam only in the pool after that. For transportation we used taxi service which I would recommend. We walked to several restaurants nearby. Emerald Coast had a terrific buffet for $20 which was great for a shrimp lover like me. The Safari bus and boat tour of Miami was worth the money. We left at 9am from Newport and they brought us back to the hotel at 4:45 pm; a great time. No need for a car at all. The Mexican restaurant across the street was expensive and lacked the red salsa and spices that I am accustomed to, The restaurant on the pier was fun but the fried fish and shrimp were overcooked and dry so we didn't go back there. Marshalls is across the street so I bought alot of nice things to take back to Michigan. Supercuts is across the street for a quick haircut. The hotel does have a beauty salon also. For the location, great pool atmosphere, friendly staff and a great price I hightly recommend the Newport over the other beachfront properties. We would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>BobG1
<Content>Some Problems, but neutral Everything is great driving up to the property. The lobby is very nice, and clean. I, unlike some other reviews, thought the elevators moved quick. During the 3 night stay, we noticed the hallway floors beginning to collect papers and debris. In the lobby, someone was always vacuuming. We had an end room, so it was pretty quiet.The bed was comfortable. The TV is in the starngest place; when lying in bed, its in front of you, but off to the left and the remote was had to operate because I think the signal was being blocked from the cabinet. The couch was absouletly horrible, hard with no cushioning.The countertops were tropical tile.The countertop in the bathroom was wore, but you can only see it at an angle, very clean though.So, we had no complaints about the bathroom.The small pool had rust stains in it.Behind the live entertainment stage were puddles of water and pizza boxes floating in it. It was cleaned up after awhile.the girls at the outside bar were friendly. Unfortunately, one was really hard to understand. Then, all had to hide around the corned to check their cell phones while I waited for a beer..not professionally mangaed at all. For an outside bar, it was clean.Hurricane Ike just passed to the south so the surf was high and rough. There was seaweed all over the beach which should have been raked up so the next tide would'nt take it back out (and then back in). We went to Miami Beach instead and it was beautiful. The city raked the beach, no seaweed anywhere.At night while lounging on the beach, a homeless guy came by and made the mosr obnoxiuos sounds ever while he had a meat from each of the garbage cans that werent empty on the beach. We actually got up and had to leave.There was garbage and plastic water bottles all over the sand the one morning, thats what prompted us to go to Miami. Where is security?Behind the childrens play area was unkept. There is an old filthy jet ski thrown back there too.The pier was closed.Next time while in Miami, I'm going to look elsewhere for a hotel, however, if none is available, then I would book here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>rafucho69
<Content>Stealing Everything was perfect until our last day. The day before my sister when back to Venezuela we were all day shoping and what a surprise when we get back the room 738. First the roomservice did not place toliet paper at the bathroom and they just fixed one bedroom the second bed it was not fix. My sister realized we got stealing. She missed a GUCCI puirse and I missed a Ipod with a BOSE headphone TOTAL LOST $400. I called when down to the lobby and I spoke with the manager on duty and explained what happen and he wrote down a report and gave me his boss bussiness card. I talked with the BOSS one time and he just told me we are investigating and we call you back and I still waiting for his call. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICES AND BAD CUSTOMER CARE  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scnickr
<Content>Great location, nice hotel but some negatives....       Lovely pier, sand and blue waters  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tennille77
<Content>Wonderful Vacation My husband and 2yr old daughter just returned from this hotel. We couldn't of asked for a better vacation. Although the winds from Hurricane Ike had us away from the ocean a couple of days the resort still had something for us all to enjoy. The complaints listed seem as if the vacationers booked from someone else and not directly with Newport Beachside itself. I know we all try to find the best deals possible. But complaining about the hotel when you didn't directly book with them I don't understand. Shouldn't you go back to the people who misled you? Anyways about my vacation you can't beat a suite for 5 days for $320. Free activities, movie nights, wine tasting, cooking class, live entertainment poolside. Not to mention the staff was great. One minor thing the hotel needs to do is update the rooms. The lobby is amazing but the rooms need some TLC.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>nypriscilla
<Content>Don't book this hotel I book this hotel thru Bookit.com. Bookit stated the prepaid rate included local calls, WIFI, Beach chairs, Health club and a list of other services. The hotel didn't mention any additional charges on the day we checkin. However, on the day we check out, they want us to pay $10 for each night we stayed for the services that Bookit.com stated are included.We paid as we were in the hurry to go to the airport and we don't have any support for the services are included (we gave the hotel the voucher from Bookit when check in the hotel). After we come home, we check the reservation with Bookit, we confirm everything should be included. However, the hotel refuse to refund us the money.Don't trust this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>sallyoin
<Content>Great location, Ok rooms - good for $70 a day Newport resort was way below my expectations. On arriving, I was greeted by a rude parking attendant who would not let me know how to self park. He insisted that I first checkin and decided to help himself to my car keys. The staff at reception was no better. They seemed bored, unfriendly and probably wanted to get out as soon as their shift was over. Checkin was smooth. I was informed of the $10 resort fee that will be charged in addition to what I had already agreed to for the room. Valet parking was a steep $15 and self park was $10. I strongly recommend that you opt for Valet parking as I did to avoid the hassle of self park across the road.My room had all the amenities one would expect such as a microwave, refrigerator and iron. While the room was not super clean, i would not call it dirty. What really disappointed me was the decor and the uncomfortable bed. The room did have a terrific view but the windows on the first day of our stay were not clean (they were cleaned up on the second day though). Carpets in the lobby appeared old and worn out.Newport does have a good pool and some ok restaurants. They also have a breakfast buffet every morning, in addition to activities planned throughout the day. There's a game room and laundry facilities on site. To summarize the best aspect of Newport is its location - close to the beach. If you get a place for $75 or less, i would think that would be a good deal. If you are too concerned about cleanliness and decor, you probably want to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>RMA01
<Content>Dirty and Neglected       How much does it cost to get a new toilet paper holder?  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	3	4	

<Author>Vacationer021
<Content>Great Place to Relax My sister and I stayed here for a few days of rest and relaxation (August 20-23, 2008). Although we did stay here previously I did read the reviews on Trip Advisor. I did notice that many of the complaints had to do with when people booked through an outside source instead of directly with the hotel. The entire staff was friendly and helpful, our room was cleaned everyday by 11:00am, we were checked-in within ten minutes and in our room by about 2:30 (we arrived at 1:00pm). In fact when we got to our room we called housekeeping and asked for two extra pillows. And within five minutes they brought them up. If you are looking for a place to unwind and relax, this is the place to go. They have a large pool and you are right on the beach. Are the drinks pricey at the pool bar, yes, but they are pricey anywhere you go. Can't wait to go back again.The Two Sisters  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>1234maso
<Content>Nice beach Overall my experience here was average. The atmosphere of the hotel was very pleasant. I loved the beach front setup. Other hotels only had a pool. I felt the restaurants were a little pricey but there were many places to eat about 5 minutes in walking distance. The breakfast buffet for two averaged about $26 total. Also we bought two drinks at the poolside bar which cost $20, and they were not good. We checked in around 11p and the concerige was not very nice. We asked to speak to the manager, but he was even rude about that. Expect to pay an additional $10 a night for everything you would normally get for free at a hotel. We tried disputing it, but they wouldn't give in. The room was nice, but the door key was hit or miss if it opened. They blamed us that the card was not working, but I really think it was the door lock, because even the cleaning lady had trouble opening the door. Like I said the best part of the hotel was the beach.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>starySwitzerland
<Content>Great place       Room entrance  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>scubamom08
<Content>This is a wonderful hotel I see all the reviews for the Newport Beachside are old, so I thought I would update, as we had a truly wonderful experience. I chose the hotel based on location, price and amenities, and indeed the price was so low that I was worried, until we got there. The hotel is gorgeous from the outside, and inside as well. We had reserved a one bedroom ocean front suite, and when they offered an upgrade to 2 bedrooms, but only ocean view, I was worried, since sometimes ocean view doesn't really allow a view. This was a wonderful view from the balcony, as well as from one of the bedrooms. The amenities inside the room were extravagant, the furnishings were new and up to date, and the location was great. We were right on the beach, with a huge pool and recreation area, and a great restaurant next door on the pier. The staff was helpful, really the entire experience exceeded our expectations. I was sorry we only got to stay one night.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Highland12528
<Content>Don't even think to book it. I made a reservation through Hotels.com for 2 rooms 2 month befor the vacation. I paid in full at the time reservation.However, when I got there they sold out my rooms and they transfer us to another hotel  Marco Polo Ramada. They did not notice me at all. There was no night shift manager to talk to. I got there 2 AM with 70 years old parents and kids driving from Orlando and look for Marco Polo Ramada. It was located few blocks to north to Newport Beachside.I thought any Ramada hotel is good but not this one.I never saw these bad conditions hetel or inn befor.It was much worst than Days Inn.The hotel Newport Beachside totally ruined my vacation.I can not talk to any manager to talk to about it.I felt I'm in south America some where. They treated us very rude and no consideration even though I made reservation 2 month ago. I think they sold our room for better price and sent us to another hotel.Even though they paid us the hotel we could not stay so we went to Key West.Terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!NEWPORT BEACHSIDE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Vidal28
<Content>Great Location       Pool and the oceanview rooms  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Virginianhygienist
<Content>Nice get-away!       view from the tenth floor  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jolipam
<Content>A perfect week-end getaway My husband and I stayed at this hotel from May 16 to 19, we just have excellent comments about it. The view we had from our room was terrific, we went on 4 cruises in the past and I can say that we felt that we were in the Caribbean...The beach, the sun....everything was perfect. The staff was very friendly and the room was always very clean. It is sure that we will go back again and we will refer this hotel to our friends. By the way, they saw our pictures and it was difficult for them to figure that we were in Miami...I am just dreaming to return there very soon...Lise, Beloeil, Quebec  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pixie1980
<Content>Great beach, okay hotel with some annoyances       Tiki huts.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>FrankieFam
<Content>Visions of past glory We stayed three nights here and at one time I'm sure this was a a great hotel, and there still are vestiges of past glory. However, cracks are beginning to show...literally. Rooms aren't as clean as they could be and many of the service staff seem indifferent to guests' needs. However, there is much to be commended: the beautiful beach (but avoid the rentals), front desk personnel who got us an early check-in, great games and activities for the kids (but a little wild by the poolside) and easy walking distance to shops, markets and restaurants. The valet service would have been worth it, as opposed to parking across the street for only a few dollars less, but one of the attendants dinged our rental car which we did not discover till after we left. This hotel is in danger of being swamped by the giants around it...a tighter control by management could easily return this place back to its glory days.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	5	2	2	

<Author>BabsAtlanta
<Content>Decent My beau and I just got back from a 4 day/4 night vacation at this resort and it was decent. PROS: located directly on the beach; outside bar/grill; room w/a view of ocean; very attentive and courteous housekeeping and front desk staff; a little over a mile away from Haulover beach; sunny isles is very laid back environment; convenient on-site valet parkingCONS: NOTHING inside room dries because the humidity is so thick (bedding was damp, wet clothes need to be left outside and still might not get dry); Kitchen 305 staff didn't inform us of special discounts on meals for hotel guests; floors 2, 3 and 4 - facing the pool - are noisyResort is truly designed for families with tweens/teens, not couples or singles looking for an adult experience (i.e., quiet, relaxing, calm energy). However, its convenient location is worth the stay.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bt1975
<Content>Good hotel for the cost I booked this hotel on Expedia. The price was good for the location and the charge for the rental car parking was only ten dollars per day. The hotel was nice and clean. The staff were also very friendly. My only complaint was that the pillows were very hard and I recommend bringing your own pillows!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>BeachLvr112
<Content>Looking for a relaxing oasis? This is not the place for you! My mother and I stayed at Newport Beachside Resort at the end of June. She had booked the hotel as a recommendation from my aunt. We had planned this trip as a beach getaway and that was what I was expecting. This place is ANYTHING BUT. When I arrived, I pulled back the covers on my bed and saw that there were long black hairs on the pillows. The housekeeping was lax, and did not come every day. I was having issues with my shower and it took forever for maintenance to arrive - which left me stuck in my room for ages (which is not something you want to be doing while on vacation). The lobby was a zoo, the pool was filled with screaming kids from end to end, so I was never able to use the pool. The pool area has a DJ blasting music all day as well. The beach is attractive but leaves a lot to be desired, as it's small, and when you try to distance yourself by moving your chair away from the crowd, the beach attendant comes by and tells you to move your chair back within the line marked by the cones. Nice - so now instead of being able to look at the beautiful ocean, I get a view of the back of someone's chair. Understandably, this is a lower cost hotel, so you get what you pay for: loud, obnoxious clientele and so-so staff and service. If you're an adult looking for a classy, elegant and tranquil beach resort or a couple looking for a romantic getaway, this is NOT the place for you! Unless you're into kids running around everywhere, DJs blasting club music 24/7 and lackadaisical service, then I would stay away. I know I will.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>sergeyfd
<Content>Beatiful location awful service It looks like it's their standard practice to sold out the rooms that you paid in advance. When we arrived there it turned out that they didn't have a room for us in spite of that we paid for it 3 months before.You have to really kick the [--] of their room keeping service before they start to work. At first day they didn't show at all and I had to complain 3 times to their desk before they took garbage out.So all in all it's a kind of cheap hotel with an awful service still in a beautiful location.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>BenEnri
<Content>Hidden fee We stayed here during independence day.Good location, nice ocean view.Not too old facilities.When checking out, I was told that there's $10 surcharge... It's hidden when I made the reservation.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>dailybruce
<Content>Was worth every penny!! We stayed from June 22nd to June 27th, 2008. Hotel lobby was nicely decorated, had tropical look to it. Rooms were nice, had a partial ocean view over the pool. Great view!!!! Hotel staff was very accomidating. Loved the pool, activities for the kids as well as adults. Location right on the beach was perfect. Maid service was good, always had plenty of towels. Overall my family and I were pleased with the hotel and would definately stay there again. I read other reviews about this hotel before I booked it, and I contacted the hotel directly and spoke with the manager, he ensured me it would be worth my stay. He was right. A+  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shelderberry
<Content>Traveler BEWARE!!!!!! We made reservations for 1 two-bedroom suite and 2 one-bedroom suites. This reservation was paid 2 months before our June 2008 arrival. When our group arrived, we were told that they ran out of 2-bedroom suites and that they were going have to split our group and put some of us in a hotel 10 minutes away AND not on the beach! This was an awful inconvenience for us since there were 13 of us and only 4 of the 13 were adults. We ended up leaving and staying in the Holiday Inn next to South Beach. What we learned from Newport Beachside Resort is that they do not have a guaranteed reservation. Traveler BEWARE!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>FunInTheSun129
<Content>First time to Miami My daughter and I just returned from a bonding trip to Miami Beach. We stayed at Newport Beachside resort. Overall, the experience was fantastic. The hotel has everything you need for fun in the sun and dining. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff was very friendly. Charlie the concierge was very helpful. We definitely will be back!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	4	-1	3	4	2	

<Author>thewizard16
<Content>Excellent accomodations and service made up for small missteps       Front of resort  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>true_sassyness
<Content>Newport Beachside Resort This was my second time at this resort. Since the last year they have painted the outside which was an improvement. The inside is still very nice and clean. The service is fast and friendly. The views are great of the beach. The beach is right out the back door of the resort with huts and lounge chairs. The pool is a nice size with a baby pool and hot pool to the side. There is live entertainment while at the pool. The resort is minutes from malls and resturants. There are plenty of eating places and stores within walking distance. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlawwill
<Content>The most incredible time ever!!!!!!!       message hut  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mamachev
<Content>Had a Wonderful Experience! I stayed at the Newport for one night prior to my cruise departure with my husband and six year old. We thought the hotel was great! The staff was very accommodating and the property was clean. My only complaint would be that the rooms were a bit out dated, but I was informed by the hotel that they're in the process of renovating the rooms. We didn't get to check out the beach (except from the balcony of our oceanfront suite), but we enjoyed the pool. A cab ride to South Beach cost us around $30. Across the street within walking distance is a Papa John's pizza (where we had dinner), CVS, Marshalls, Coffee Shop, and a few other stores. We'll definitely return to this property when we visit Miami again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lizzyNJ
<Content>Much better than expected and we are picky! My family is very picky but we needed to stay somewhere affordable for the rest of our extended family to join us. This was an excellent choice for both of us. We paid $89/night and got a free upgrade to a suite (thru cheaptickets) on the 10th floor. We did take the first room available at check-in (simple room) but asked for the upgrade later in the day and it was worth moving for. Our room was fairly new and very clean. No complaints except we didnt have a great view of the ocean (very few do). But since we paid for a city view, we were happy. We are also the type to spend the nights out so we didnt need a balcony. The second room (extended family) was on the 7th floor and not as new but still clean. It is not as nice a resort as you would stay in Mexico, but still all the ammenities. Massage and bar service on the beach and the huts for rent ($10/day) were great! It was nicer than I thought. The pool and hot tub were OK, but since we spent most of our time on the beach, it didnt matter much. The palm trees on the beach gave it a great tropical feel. Three shops, a restaurant and bar were nice, but not much night life. South Beach is 15-20 minutes south by car - I'm glad we didnt stay there. This hotel gave us privacy, rest and relaxation without the party scene. If you go without high expectations, you will be pleasantly surprised. I would go back for the value!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kimber_jewel
<Content>some problems, horrible staff. Booked directly through the hotel for two week nights in an ocean front suite. We arrived at 3pm and valet parked our car. We were the only ones at the check in counter when we were told our room was not ready but would be ready very soon. We waited an hour and a half before we were given the room key. The desk staff kept telling us it would only be 5-10 more minutes, we foolishly believed them. No apology for the wait.The room was what we expected for the price. Mouldy with old furniture. We booked for the view and it was perfect, right on the beach. The large window on the east wall was nice to watch the sunrises from bed. The Jacuzzi tub was manky and we didn use it. The mattress on the bed was a joke. Thinner than a fold out sofa mattress. We took the pillows from the Murphy bed to supplement the 2 flat hard pillows on the bed. The beach area was ok. Not very clean. We had a few other problems during our stay. Maintenance started painting the hallway the first morning of our stay and the fumes in our room were overwhelming. You can hear everything in the hallways, understandable for an old hotel but quite annoying at night when a majority of the hotel guest are there for the party scene. We also enquired about the shuttle to SOBE, which was advertised in a flyer in our room but the concierge simply told us e don do that anymore? I wouldn recommend this hotel. I could see for the price and beachfront location it would be nice for a Miami party trip, but without the free shuttle it not worth being 40 mins up Miami beach from the night life. For couples, this is anything but a romantic getaway, spend the extra money and book somewhere else.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>TLoColumbs
<Content>Loved The Newport We booked our stay through a timeshare agency and I must say that we loved our stay.The rooms were very clean and the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub and nice brass highlights on the fixtures in the bathroom.The pool area is very nice with a tiki bar located at the end of the pool. Drinks and food can get pricey (10.00 cocktail) at the tiki bar. Just remember that 15% gratuity is already included on your order. There is also a restaurant on the pier (we did not try it though).The resort is located in Sunny Isles approximately 20 minutes north of South Beach. Believe me after spending all day at South Beach you will look forward to staying at the Newport. They also have a bar in house and live entertainment. You could easily spend a couple of days at the resort.The staff was very helpful and conveyed a cheerful environment. The concierge's are fantastic and take their time out to help you and you actually feel that they are there to help only you. The concierge also gave us passes to Prive' nightclub in South Beach. We went right in front of the line and they pulled the velvet rope up for us (keep in mind the passes are good only to 12:00am, after that 20.00 cover charge).The lobby is very nicely decorated with some unique ceiling fans spinning vertically oppposed to horizontally.The boutiques and shops are very affordable.The resort also has easy access to the beach area where there are jet ski's to rent for 70.00 a half hour.Amenity fees for staying one week are 140.00 ( this is charged to your account after your stay). This is charged for parking, activities and free wireless during your one week stay.All in all I would highly recommend this resort to my friends and family. The pictures on the internet site just don't do it justice.I am looking forward to my next stay at the Newport.Also just wanted to say that the valet staff is very professional and courteous.T.Lo  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kaccey
<Content>Could have been better We had a room on the fourth floor with a balcony with a view of the ocean . It was beautiful. The weather was cool all week which is unusual for mid April. The room was quite cold at night . There was no way to heat the room. It took several calls to get additional blankets. Our room was big enough and nicely furnished. Our room had a spa type bath tube . Unfortunately the drain was plugged up and we could not use it.Since we were on vacation we looked forward to sleeping in. Each day housekeeping staff would gather outside our door early in the am and talk quite loudly, some on walkie talkies.We did not find staff to be helpful or friendly. The rooms at this hotel are far from cheap. One of the selling points of the hotel is that it is on the beach.One would think that the beach area would be in better shape. The section of the beach allocated to Newport guests was filthy with trash and cigarette butts everywhere. We were approached by  Carlos while lounging on the beach who demanded to know if we were guests of the hotel. Staff seemed very concerned about who used their chairs but not how filthy the surroundings are. It was difficult to find a place to sun bathe without inhaling someone's cigarette smoke. A better hotel would find a solution to this.For the amount of money we expected a much better experience.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	3	

<Author>TommyTPA
<Content>Great Location....ok for the $$ This place is in a great beach location, but there's Not much nearby. The hotel and grounds were very clean. I had a 2 bed rm suite on the 4th flr pool/ocean view. The balcony door was very difficult to open, and I had to actually lift up the door to stop it from scraping the balcony.I was awoken at 1 a.m. by a girl (drunk??) screaming out at the pool...it was taken care of quickly.A maintenance worker was drilling concrete nearby at 8:30 AM.The $10 resort fee did cover wi-fi. Beach lounge chairs were free, but if you wanted cushions there was a charge. The umbrellas, and tiki huts were extra.The staff was friendly. I did ask for coffee that was not replenished by housekeeping at the front desk. They didn't have any there but would send it to the room. Two hours later I had to ask again...it was immediately brought to the room. There was no refrigerator in the room, that I could find. There was hardly any space between the bed, and the wall, and window area. The bed was comfy with good pillows. Valet parking was $15 a day. Self parking across the 6 lane road was $10. Pretty expensive for the area, I think.The pier still isn't open. Although this sounds like a poor review, I did like the place.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>schewning
<Content>Great Hotel!!       The View from my Room  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>GrecMac
<Content>Really bad service even the waitress does not speak English I stayed more that one week and I ate everyday at the Ocean Reef Cafe, once I had the breakfast buffet that was ok for the price but the service was really bad, my waitress looked like I was speaking in Chinease, she could not understand what I said because I realize she does not speak English. How you can hire a waitress doesnt speak English in USA. At first it was ok with me but, then I went again in my weekend to the restaurant and I saw her as a cashier, so when I went to pay after I wait for more than 30 min to get my billl, I tried to talk with her and she only could say yes and try to smile, so I could not get the information that I need. I paid my bill and get the information at the concierge. I love the Hotel and always have a great time at the beach, but the service in the restaurants and the tikki bar is horrible. I wait too much for drinks, my waitress disapear and does not speak English, the rest of the waitress doesnt care. I think they need to improve the costumer service or hire people who have experience in restaurants and be bilingual. And please at least the cashier have to speak English or get a manager during the weekend who can help her.Really Bad experience.Great location  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>thetripplanner5
<Content>was only there for 1 night stayed here for one night in December so can not comment extensively. Booked a 3 bedroom suite but upon entering the unit saw that it was 2 rooms beside each other and one seperate room. When I have stayed at other 3 room suites it was 3 rooms but there were 3 t.vs but the two rooms were right beside each other so the two tv beside each other were kinda distracting. The third bedroom was divided by a wall so not really like three rooms. The efficency was a small fridge and a microwave so you could have breakfast in the room but that was it. The furnishings were very 1980's ok but not like a modern day hotel. Lots of mirrors to give the elusion of space. Two bathrooms and one jacuzzi tub in the room so would be awakward to use the jacuzzi with your kids as it was right in the room.Lobbby was very nice and the nicest feature of the hotel. as you go upstairs it does not look as nice as the lobby. Nice ocean side pool. Had some kids activities. second pool next door but not available to the hotel. Not in a bad neighbourhood but far to walk to anything else. Basically looks like they will tear this place down and build a better condo or nice hotel. I would stay here as it is ocean side and if you get a good rate but the rooms are circa 1980. could do better but for the price we payed and in high season it was ok. Just ok  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>MiamiBride
<Content>A beach wedding to Remember....       View from Suite  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Momplannedit
<Content>Great beach but rundown hotel Our teenagers loved the beach and the view from our balcony, but I would not stay here again. Even though there were 2 bedrooms we only had 2 towels. After asking for more, we got them 12 hours later. All of the vending machines and the snack bar were out of bottled water (we wanted to take some to the beach.) The bathroom had mold growing in the tile grout. The towel rack fell off the wall. The lock fell out of the door. No lamps in the living/sofa area. Breakfast cost $68 each morning. The pier was closed our entire visit - maybe permanently?  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>mblitz
<Content>Loved the Newport Beachside Resort! This is my fourth review. The hotel has improved, it's now a non-smoking hotel.In the past, the Newport hotel has always been kid friendly  it's now even better. My eight year old won so many prizes, ice creams cones, sodas and breakfast.There are also events for adults as well.The food at the pool side hut is expensive but very good.We all loved our stay at the Newport this time even more than before.The only problem was quests with children from more expensive hotels with children came to use the Newport pool because of the activities.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Cherna
<Content>Better than expected - Would like to go back       On the beach  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>biggstmack
<Content>absolutely horrible service Absolutely horrible service from management. I have never been treated so rudely from a hotel in my life. I really had a loss for words. They sold our room out when we got there after it was already paid for. So we got the executive suite which was more like the basement of a motel 6. On the last day of our stay, they said they mistakenly gave us the room and said we had to either leave the hotel or move rooms after we were already paid for. The rooms are decorated horrifically. It looks like all the decor was bought from big lots or a flea market. The rooms were dirty, the hotel was very dirty and smelled. They charge you around $20 extra dollars per day for no reason except for things that usually come free with most hotels. Charged us $250 for a comforter because of a small coffee stain, did not even notice until I got home and checked my card statement. Absolutely the worst hotel experience of my life. I really hope this place is up for demo. This place spent 10 times more money on thier curb appeal than the overall quality of the hotel and the rooms. SOMEONE FROM THE CLEANING STAFF STOLE MY DIGITAL CAMERA! They also tried to hide my brand new $250 sunglasses by stashing them behind the dresser! dont leave anything out!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>JJ2348
<Content>Great Resort! We had a great stay at the Newport Beach Resort, staying for 4 nights in a lovely ocean view suite. We contacted the hotel directly to ensure we reserved a room on an upper floor with a direct ocean view. If you book online, although cheaper, you cannot get this guarantee and perhaps that is why some people have had problems. We do not have kids and were a bit wary of the resort activities, but all of it was great. It is easy to participate if you want, but easy to avoid as well. The beach is beautiful, the suite was comfortable and large...yes, the decor in the rooms is a bit old-Miami but we like that. The view and balcony were spectacular-- just what we needed for a relaxing holiday.The surrounding area is quite nice as well-- great breakfast and coffee at El Tropico and we had 2 fantastic dinners at Fisher's Seafood. We had appetizers at Michael's in the hotel which was quite good, and an ala carte breakfast in the cafe which was average. The special drinks at the pool bar are good value although the food options are a bit lacking.If you are in the mood for fitness, there is a great gym across the street, I think it is called Miami Beach Fitness. John gave us a great deal for 2 x 3 day passes and we did everything from boot camp to Hatha yoga. It is really a fantastic gym!We will definitely be back to this resort-- only 30 minutes from the Miami airport and you are in another world!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marhault1
<Content>Excellent value for the money Service was very good. Amenities were as advertised, though the pier had suffered hurricane damage, and is closed. I'm told it will be replaced. Reasonable restaurants were nearby, as were drugstores and a supermarket. Food quality at the pool bar left something to be desired, but the same was true of some of those restaurants, as well. Bartenders did a great job.Rooms were decently-sized, well equipped, and kept tidy.It's really a place for families with kids, but it's possible to be a middle aged couple like us and still have a good time.Beach access and quality was excellent.I would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mcfay
<Content>Kids Loved It We had a two bedroom quite with our young children. The kids loved the activities, the bingo, metal detector on the beach for coins, hair braiding, crafts, etc. We stayed at the Lago Mar for a few days before this. This place is half the price of the Lago Mar - it is also not as nice. But when comparing the two I would pick the Newport over it because the value is so good. I understand that it is a time share hotel - but we booked directly on the web site and had no problems getting a great two bedroom suite that was available right when we checked in. I give the place two thumbs up.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JWP1869
<Content>Always Overbooked Called the night before we arrived to confirm our 2 bedroom suite and was told all was well. We let them know that we were arriving around 11:00pm. Upon arrival were told that they were overbooked. Only after the desk clerk told us several times that no manager was on duty did one appear. We were give wrong directions to our new hotel and the manager ingormed us that it was also oceanfront. The hotel was not oceanfront and several employees at the new hotel told us that this happens all the time. Don't waste your time with this.place it's more trouble then it is worth.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>holls85
<Content>love this hotel!!!!!       City view  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dexter8675309
<Content>Just a few complaints... PROS:- Good for kids. They have a lot of activities for them.- Next to a nice beach.- Rooms were ok, but nothing special about them.- Free wireless internet- Several choices of restaurants within walking distance, but none of them really great of special.- Entertaining music next to the poolCONS:- Too many kids. The pool and hot tub were dominated by kids.- The staff was rude and cold most of the time. The staff at the Suntan Center were annoyed anytime you came and asked a question.- The huts and umbrellas on the beach are for rent only. - The bar next to the pool charged way too much for the drinks and they were not well made.- The Ocean Reef restaurant was convenient, but our waitress disappeared so I had to go look for her to get our bill. Gratuity is automatic 18%.- They allow smoking by the pool which stinks if you're a non-smoker.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	3	1	4	

<Author>Alicia67
<Content>Totally 80's rooms. We stayed here two nights after a cruise. Like other reviewers have stated, nice lobby, but the rooms are pretty bad. Clean, but very war torn and kind of depressing. Mismatched curtains in our room. Decent pool, kind of queer but goofy pool side activities like bingo that the kids loved. Nice bartender at poolside bar and decent pool type food. Quite a haul from South Beach. Had trouble confirming our reservation, kept getting told the computers were down.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>nni03
<Content>Decent value for families who want to stay on the beach Spent a week here with two 16 yr olds and a 7 yr old. We rented a two bedroom suite (6th floor/city side). Everyone enjoyed it. The location is good...right on the beach. The pool is fairly large and the area is well maintained. There were various activities organized for the kids. There are plenty of stores and restaurants in walking distance. Had a great cuban dinner at El Tropico just up the street. This stretch of Miami Beach is relatively quiet relative to SOBE. It is not nearly as chic (as our teenagers pointed out). Nevertheless, it is a good place to bring a family. Our only complaint is that the rroms are a little dated. They are not terrible, but it certainly is not the Four Seasons. Given the reasonable price and location on the beach, I felt it was a good value and would take the family there again. If I were a honeymooner, I would spring for the extra $$$ and stay in a posh hotel on SOBE.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>HerreraFamily
<Content>Customer Service Needs Improvement I arrived early in the morning because of a flight delay. When I arrived with my 3 children (a 6 yr. old and twin 4 yr. olds) I was exhausted and hoped to get into a room. I asked if I could give the front desk my cell number so they could call me as soon as a room was available but she said she could not do this small task. So I left the resort and came back at 3:30pm only to be directed to a room that had not been cleaned. So, with all 3 kids and luggage in tow preceded back to the front desk to be reassigned another room. Again it was a dirty room. I received no help with this matter and ended up just having to leave our luggage in the filthy room and coming back 2 hours later exhausted. My first day here was totally wasted. We had a 10 day trip planned and our last two days were booked for this same hotel and to our complete disappointment when we tried to check in at the appropriate time still there was not a room ready for us. I thought the grounds were nice for a family but it just seems the customer service has been lost here.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EyeofAngkor
<Content>Reasonable The hotel is something of a curate's egg: good in parts. The sraff were generally helpful and friendly. The rooms were on the small side and were not well fitted out. The swimming pool was comfortable if a bit windswept. The location is a bit far from anywhere, but it was not isolated. All in all a reasonable place to pass a few days.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>sgoldstein2
<Content>great hotel service and amenities I spent a week at this fabulous resort hotel and spa. From the service in the rooms to the concierge I was always amazed at how accomadating the people were. The restaurant service and food in the entire hotel was 5-star. I will be a long time customer. I believe this hotel is one of the finest hotels and beachside locations in the Florida area.It was very easy to get anywhere in the Miami and Fort Lauderdale area. Great location to shopping and attractions. I would suggest getting an Ocean front view. Well worth the additional cost to here and see the ocean every minute. Truly a resort. This is obviously a well maintained and managed property.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StevieOntario
<Content>Needs Some Work...       View from second floor balcony  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Ken131
<Content>Geat Location and Public Areas - Dated Dirty Rooms I stayed here after a Caribbean cruise whist awaiting a flight.First impressions of the Newport are good. Nice lobby and pool area, great location and friendly staff.The euphoria ends when you enter your room. The rooms whilst large are dated, dirty and badly in need of renovation. This is a pity, as the hotel has potential.I paid $260 for a double room for one night through the hotel web site. This price included a resort fee ($10) and valet parking ($15). Better accommodation is available locally for this price.I would not stay in this hotel again, unless the rooms had a complete makeover.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbstls
<Content>horrible We had a reservation here. Cancelled it by phone in advance. Full charge appeared on our charge card . They state that we never cancelled which was totally untrue.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corinne6
<Content>WHAT A WONDERFUL TIME! I was spending springbreak with my daughter and one of her friends. After getting on line to check reviews, I was scared to death because I was flying in from Ohio! IT WAS ALL WONDERFUL! We rented a 2 bedroom, oceanview/pool view. The room were a great size for what we needed and the staff was very accomodating. Ricardo and Matt (don't know their last names) were always around to answer questions. Is anything perfect? No. I would highly recommend this hotel and if you have children it would be a wonderful choice. There is a gentleman that has activities from 9 or 10 am until 5 for both children and adults. Guests also played sand volleyball, jet skied, frisbee throws, balloon toss and many more. Don't let other reviews scare you. Route A1A and route 1 will keep you on the true beauty of Miami. South Beach is about 20 minutes south of this resort.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>heidi05
<Content>The Worse Place I've Ever Stayed At! This resort typically goes for $899 a night to stay in the standard room which was extremely small compared to the deceiving picture on the website. We got a deal through Orbitz that included round trip airfare and a 4 days, 3 nights stay at the resort, but we still were expecting the same great service they boast about on the website. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable beds Ive ever slept on at a hotel. Ive slept on better ones at the comfort inn in Tulsa! The front desk service was rude, the woman checking us in wouldnt even look me in the eye, or say hello, or inform me why she needed my credit card when everything was already paid for in advance through Orbitz. She finally explained in a hateful tone they have to hold onto it until I check out. I was fine with this but it took her nearly 20 minutes to check us in which i felt was ridiculous since everything was already set up. Once we got over how awful our room was-nothing like what they show on the website-we tried to make the best of it and go to the beach. well thinking its a resort with a private beach we thought we could lay out wherever we wanted on the beach. nope. they set up big orange cones dividing a small square where we were allowed to stay and it was after spring break and super crowded. it was about a quarter mile stretch of sand we could all lay on. they did not raise the purple flag on the day when there was dangerous sea life out at sea so my boyfriend goes out swimming in the ocean and is swarmed with jellyfish. he comes back to shore and we walk back to the resort and there are literally dozens of jellyfish laying on the shore where we are walking! i dont understand why they have a flag for dangerous sea life when they dont use it! someone could have got seriously hurt. thinking its a resort we figured things would be more accommodating. room service was mainly what we did for food and had to order several times til they got the food to us. 2 pieces of cheesecake came to $26! and took 45 minutes to get to us when the MAX time they say is 20 minutes. this place is so OVERPRICED. one pina colada cost $8! there is no continental breakfast, just a restaurant that serves the exact same menu thats on the room service menu...kind of strange to me. the concierge man told me the front office opened at 7am and i had a flight at 8:15am the next morning to go home so i barely made my flight waiting til 7am to check out when all along the front desk is open 24hrs. so the concierge man lied to me. most importantly, the one thing that made this trip a total nightmare, was the fact that when i returned home i checked my transactions on my card that i had originally given the front desk lady to keep before i checked out. My transactions showed on two of the days while i was at the resort, Newport Beachside Resort tried to withdraw $100 on the first day, and $100 on the second day. Then on the 3rd day Newport Beachside Resort tried to withdraw $700 from my account. That's $900 an employee who had my card information from the resort tried to steal from me. Thank God I had taken out all the money from that account and just kept the cash. My report said all those attempted transactions were declined due to that of course, but still!!! I cannot believe an employee tried to use my card to steal from me. Overall the people there are very rude, shady characters and our stay was completely unpleasant.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>LittleEmma1978
<Content>Good location, needs some care and attention. I stayed at this hotel towards the end of last year. The good - large, welcoming lobby; helpful and friendly staff; large rooms; good sized bathroom; comfortable bed; nice pool area with separate pool for kids; on the beachfront; bus stops going south to South Beach and north to the Mall right outside; plenty of shops and restaurants nearby; ATM in lobby.The bad - decor a little shabby and outdated; windows badly needed a clean; room service food a little bland; entertainment a little cheesy!The ugly - one window in the bedroom had a large crack in it, and noise in the evening was often very loud until 9/10pm.Overall I had a good experience here. Some attention to cleanliness and decor would improve things greatly - but good value for money and good location - so I would recommend this hotel. Excellent for lying next to the pool/sea and passing the day away...  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Traveller-NS
<Content>Great Beach Location.... The lobby was a tease to the actual state of the rooms. While clean and acceptable, they were dated, the wallpaper in the entry didn't match the wallpaper in the part of the room where the beds were. The tub was a little dingy. We had an ocean view balcony and the wind was making all this stuff on the balcony above us fly around and make noise, so we phone front desk to access the situation, they never called us back, it was a fitful sleep, but in their defense there was a tornado warning so winds were high. The lobby is beautiful though, but don't expect the rooms to match the decor. For the price and location I would definetly stay again, but with lower expectations upon entering the lobby.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>ekinsey
<Content>Great place to stay with your family This is a great place for families to stay. It is right on the ocean. The pool is well lit and had activities to keep kids busy. My son never wanted to leave. We had booked a hotel closer to South Beach for part of our stay and after a couple of night cancelled the remainder of the reservation and came back here. Rooms were large and clean. A little outdated but the atmosphere, pool area and staff more than made up for it. Across the street to the north are couple of strip mall style shopping area with a great mix of inexpensive fast food type places and a couple of higher ends eating establishments.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>wjboisseau
<Content>Big Bang for the Buck! This is not a fancy hotel. However, we thought it was clean, safe, and friendly. There were a couple of minor snags and the management was quick to correct each problem with a smile. The location is wonderful (no need for a car rental) walk to CVS, Marshalls, Subway and Einstein's Bagels. The hotel restaurants served expensive, bland food. We recommend rooms facing the ocean. Poolview rooms are noisey 10am - 10pm!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>lainee_7
<Content>I loved this place!!       gorgeous sunrise from our balcony  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>BunnyBoy1563
<Content>Get ready for lots of Families  We stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort from Jan 24-27, 2008. We asked for an ocean view room (highly recommended). The room was supposed to be a suite however the hotel pictures we saw were somewhat deceptive - maybe they were taken with a wide angle lens!!?? The murphy bed in the 'sitting area' was perfect for our 2 year old, while the queen bed was fine for my husband and I, but this left no extra space for moving around.On a scale from 1-10, we gave the room a 5 for cleanliness. The room was tired, the decor was seriously outdated (hello 1980's and Miami Vice) and there wasn't much as far as amenities (we had to ask twice for face towels...)The hotel is right on the beach - for $10/day we rented a thatch-roof 'hut' that provided us with a break from the sun - it was much needed. I highly recommend securing one first thing in the morning (around 8:30am) so you've got it for the day. (There are only about 20 of them for the entire hotel.)If you're travelling with kids this place is ideal - lots of kids running around, there's a kids pool (and adult pool adjacent to the kids' one) and a play area with slides and stuff to climb right on the beach along with daily family and kid activities (bingo, treasure hunt, etc.).The location of the hotel isn't great. There's lots of construction nearby and not much to walk to. If you want a restaurant or place to shop you either have to drive or take a cab.We spent a cloudy afternoon at the nearby Aventura Mall - lots of terrific upscale stores for shopping.Many pictures show the famous pier at the south end of the hotel's property - don't count on walking along it any time soon...it's still closed. Apparently, has been for almost a year.Although it met our needs, we won't be returning any time soon.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>LongBeach_NYLeny
<Content>Not So Bad Of A Hotel My husband and I stay in this hotel as well as my one year old. Overall i think our experience was good.we stayed mon-fri. when it is not as crowded as on weekends. i booked this hotel through expedia.com and got very good rates (about 1/2 price of what the hotel charges) check in was smooth and very soon we were in our one bedroom ocean view suite, the suite was small, but big enough for us. loved the heated pool and the ocean was so beautiful and shallow with some seaweed. there is lots of activities for children and there is always something going on at the hotel, we personally didn't participate in any, by choice, but saw many people having fun. We were just happy relaxing under the little huts (on the beach, that can be rented for $10 all day) staff was nice and helpfull, we rented also a car and used the valet parking for $15 extra a day, not so bad. hotel is very centrally located, near restaurants, shops, cvs pharmacy within walking distance. Overall i would definetely stay at this hotel again if I can get the same price a paid for it which included the extra daily $10 fee the hotel charges on top of your room rates. Paying full price is definetely overpriced.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sc1022
<Content>Real great customer service Well I recently stayed at the Newport In january of 08 and let me tell you is looking great. When I first arrived at the hotel I was greated by Pedro front desk supervisor how wonderful he was he accommondated me and my family as i expected great smile and great custermer sevice luckily he checked us out as well. But my over all experience was great the hotel looks fabulous. The one thing am concerned is the food at michaels to price and food is not all that. Well am looking forward in staying again somewhere around april keep up the good work and best regards to pedro great job..  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>yses
<Content>very bad experience I took my daughter and twin neices (all 14 years old) to this hotel for mid-winter vacation. I want everyone to be aware that the housekeeping staff enters your room at any time of the day. While I was in the bathroom one morning, I heard my door opening. I called out  asked who's there, they said housekeeping. I asked her to come back later. Again, less than 5 minutes later it happened. When I came out of the bathroom, I saw my wallet on the vanity. I did not put it back in the safe yet because I was still in my room. When I checked my wallet, my money was gone. To make a long story short, I spent a great deal of time of the rest of my vacation dealing with police reports and the incompetent housekeeping staff. The only person who sympathized with me was Armondo, one of the managers, who claimed that it was really out of his control. I had to beg to have my room cleaned (even though they entered and left my room many times without barely a knock on the door) and each time I needed towels they made me ask housekeeping to bring them to my room. At one point I was even able to prove to the housekeeping supervisor (via a machine that registers everytime a guest or staff member swipes the door with the key) that the maids had entered the room when she was told not to come at that time. I strongly recommend anyone thinking about this hotel to have second thoughts.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	-1	3	1	3	

<Author>nikkiMemphis
<Content>Worst experience ever!! I don't know where to begin except to say BEWARE!!!!! Don't expect a room when you arrive. I was a travel agent for 8 years and I have never had such a bad experience. We booked and paid for our rooms online only to be told they didn't have any when we arrived.The manager lied to our faces and told us the hotel they were sending us to was as clean and nice as the Newport. I had checked online for days to find a non smoking hotel since many of us had allergies. The hotel they sent us to had no non smoking rooms and was full of mold. We had to sleep under an open window just to breathe, and ended up leaving the room at 5am because we became sick.This was the day before a cruise---what a great way to start a vacation.It never ceases to amaze me how unscrupulous and greedy some people are. They purposely overbook their hotel, then not caring at all about anyone else but themselves, send you off to what they know will be a bad experience. I cannot say enough bad about this hotel. I hope you will all just choose another one, they don't deserve to be in business!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emzbarbz
<Content>Basic but clean I stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of January with my boyfriend. It was a last minute trip so we didn't do a lot of research. The hotel itself was very welcoming. We checked in and went to our room on the third floor. On entering the room the smell of stale cigarette smoke wasn't so welcoming and the noise from the air conditioning vent was loud. We went back to reception and advised the receptionist I was a light sleeper (slight non truth) and got moved to the 10th floor in a much newer/ cleaner looking room. In all the hotel is good if a little tired around the edges. There isn't much to do at the sunny Isles end of the beach apart from the beach itself. The staff were typical American mile have a nice day?types and were very accommodating when I needed a plug adapter and when we asked for directions and things we should do information.The concierge was a bit abrupt but we did take one of their trips which was a sight seeing round Miami and boat trip ($50 each). Which was very good if youe not been to Miami before we did it on the first day and it really helped us get our bearings and decide where we wanted to go back to.The public bus system is fantastic and took us everywhere we wanted to go for $1.50 each per trip. I would recommend, if your budget can stretch staying further down the beach towards Ocean drive where all the action is at night (and day) as a taxi costs $70 each way!Apart from that good hotel! It seemed to have lots going on for families, i.e. kids clubs and evening entertainment.We didn't eat in the hotel as it seemed over priced for what it was. There is a Denny's 1 mile down the road which we walked to for breakfast. As the buffet in the hotel was $15 each.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lbb531
<Content>An identity crisis... We stayed at the Newport for three nights for a friend's wedding in January (this is the hotel they recommended for guests to stay). Overall, it was a fine experience, but the hotel suffers from a major identity crisis. When you walk in, the lobby is very contemporary and nicely decorated with tropical decor that is subtle and classy...not tacky. The restuarant/bar off the lobby is very contemporary, as well, and has obviously been recently renovated. So, a very good first impression. However, once you get off the elevator to head to your room, it's as though you are in a totally different hotel...one that clearly has not be renovated in at least 20 years. The rooms, while clean, were so outdated it was laughable (my favorite were the bedside lamps that were shell-shaped glass bases filled with sea shells topped with teal pleated shades). On the plus side, we shared a two-bedroom, two-bath suite with another couple and it suited our needs both space and privacy-wise very well. One bedroom was larger than the other, but even the smaller one was fine, considering there was also a spacious shared living area (that included a murphy bed, great for kids or an extra adult). Incidentally, the bride stayed in one of the executive suites, which had been updated. It had a living area and kitchen in addition to a separate bath and bedroom. The decorating was tasteful, though nothing spectacular. There was a nice flat panel television. I was in the wedding, so I didn't have as much time to enjoy the hotel amenities as much as I would have liked, but they seemed nice. There is a nice pool, and of course, the hotel is right on the beach, which is a major plus.Overall, this is not a hotel I would have chosen, but it was a fine for our needs. Rooms were clean, the staff seemed nice, and the location is excellent right on the beach. Plus, it was nice to have the option of a two-bedroom suite...much cheaper than two separate standard rooms. Once this hotel updates its rooms, I think it would be a great place to stay. In the meantime, if you are looking for a good value and don't care so much about the decor, then this place would be a good option.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>merryreader
<Content>A wonderful place!! My husband and I stayed 6 nights. We had an oceanfront suite with a balcony. The hotel is much smaller than other places, but we liked that. We were on the 10th floor, which was just right to overlook the beach. I loved watching the palm trees swaying in the breeze on the beach, which is lit up at night and people are out walking and fishing off the shore at all hours. The pier is now closed except for the restaurant . Every part of the hotel and beach was spotless! There were daily activities for kids. I have never seen that at other hotels. Housekeeping and other staff were friendly and helpful.The Ocean Reef Cafe had a great buffet every morning. Their food was excellent. Michaels was pricey, food was good,(I've had better for the price) and probably wouldn't go there again. We ordered room service after 6pm and would sit on the balcony to eat. Another good restaurant is at the nearest mall, w/i walking distance. It's called San Telmo Parrilla, an Argintine steak house. I reccommend that place. I can't understand why anyone could possibly say this place was bad. If you do book here, get a room with a balcony. You won't regret being able to sit outdoors either overlooking the beach or the pool. Have a great vacation!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HolyRomanOne
<Content>Don't waste your money!       The unkempt beach  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Hyzinga
<Content>worst experience ever First my guaranteed reservation was GONE! I was sent to another hotel for one night.  My mistake was going back to the Newport. We were told they would have a room when we got there. NO! Then they said after lunch. Which turned into a SIX hour wait. By the time we got our luggage and room the sun was setting. And even then the room was not exactly clean. And people walked in the door and had their room ready before ours!!My advice would be to spend your money elsewhere. You will be happy you did.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>schellereid
<Content>Perfectly fine hotel I stayed at the Newport Beach hotel with my husband and my 1 year-old and 4 year-old. The lobby was lovely. We had no problem with the service IN GENERAL. We asked for an extra blanket twice and it finally came a few hours later. Other than that people were pleasant. The room was ok - we had a standard room, not much of a view. There was a park for the kids to play in which was great. The major problem was that there was a shadow over the pool which made it a little chilly. It was also cooler than usual that week. We ate at the pier a couple of times which was nice since it is outside. However, don't expect Ritz Carlton service there. We really couldn't figure out when the main dining room or lounge was open so we skipped it.We valet parked the car and never waited long. Overall it was a good experience and we got a fabulous rate on Priceline so it was well worth it.We would go again (in April).  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Erictravel
<Content>Hotel is ok I just got back from a 4 night stay at the Newport Beachside Hotel. We celebrated my grandmother's birthday with other family members who also stayed at the hotel. (I did not choose this hotel). I would say the Newport is a decent value oriented hotel. I am used to staying at 4-5 star hotels, which of course are much more expensive. So, as you can imagine, this hotel is in a completely different league from what we are used to. I will give positives and negatives of the hotel:Positives - Great location, friendly staff, heated pool, nice beach, nice lobby areaNegatives - Rooms, food, valet - sometimesI would say the biggest disappointment are the rooms. They appear extremely dated, and have a weird odor. There is noticeable rust in the bathroom as well. The windows were very drafty and loud, as it was very windy outside. We asked for extra blankets, which looked so old and dirty.If it wasn't for the rooms, I would rate the hotel 3 stars. The valet also took al long time sometimes, as the hotel seemed to be extremely busy with cars coming in and going out. To save $5, you can self park accross the street, but you can wait a long time for the traffic light to change to cross the busy street. Keep in mind, you are crossing over a very busy Collins Ave. All in all, a decent value oriented hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>NKJ340
<Content>pre cruise stay We stayed for 3 nights prior to a crusie. After travelling around the USA for 6 weeks, it was exactly what we were looking for. I must admit on the drive in I was a little disappointed when we first pulled up as it looked run down in comparision to other hotels in the area. As soon as we walked into the lobby we felt relaxed, the music and summer feel was great. We didnt like the room we were booked into as we didnt want a carpark view when we had wait so long to be in miami! We payed extra and had a room overlooking the pool and beach- so worth it! hearing the music, watching all the activities was great. The kids loved it, swimming in the pool and the sea, and having a bar by the pool was good as we could sip on cocktails while the kids swam. We had grand plans of seeing miami and south beach there was so much we wanted to do, but after a 6 weeks tour of USA we were so happy to stay at the hotel the whole time. We did walk to the shops near the resort and bought up a storm prior to our cruise. The only downside to this stay was a grumpy old woman in the gift shop....we waited 10 mins while she was on a personal call- we gave up and went back later and as my son walked in she pushed him out and slammed down the door. He didnt end up getting the book he wanted to take on the cruise. Oh and the italian resturant was good too!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Linda1164
<Content>Good, but not great... I went down to Miami Beach with my 18 year old daughter for a little bit of sun and relaxation since she is on break from college. We had a decent time, but this hotel left a lot to be desired. Firstly, there is no airport shuttle, and the cost of a taxi from Miami airport was a flat fee of $52.00, so be prepared for that... We only had a standard room, and it was definitely just that. My daughter was disappointed because the website said that there was a jacuzzi bathtub in every standard room, and... there wasn't...:( It did have a refrigerator and microwave, which was nice. I do not think the A/C was working at all. I had the temp. set on 40 degrees and the room always felt stuffy and warm. Didn't bother to complain cuz we don't like the room cold anyway... but still, would have been nice to have it a bit cooler in there... Also, the maids seem to have a problem replacing towels. You're supposed to have the OPTION of using your towel more than once... if you put them on the floor/in the tub, they're supposed to be replaced.... they never were. They would take the used towels and leave us with only one towel in the room! We had to call for towels one night, and the next time I made sure to leave a note asking for new towels. Jeeeez! There is no nightlife at this hotel, except for live music in the lobby. It would have been nice if there was a club with a DJ, so that adults could have some activities at nighttime. We were able to take the public bus right to South Beach for only $1.50 each, which was great. The buses run 24 hours, and it's easy to figure out which bus goes where. You can also catch the bus to the Aventura Mall, which isn't far away. All in all, we had great weather... we sat on the beach, shopped, got plenty of sun, and came back well rested, so we did enjoy our mini-vacation. I probably would not stay at this hotel again, but it did serve its purpose for us.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Woodster77
<Content>Great location, but a bit dated We stayed in one of the cheaper rooms (ground floor, parking lot view) and set our expectations accordingly. The room was large with dated decor and very loud air-con. There was also a lack of hot water for showering. We felt that the place had an air of faded glamour to it and hadnt quite kept up with the times.Its clear that the Newport is very family friendly and the location is excellent being right on the beach. Its also not far to the Aventura Mall, the largest mall in the area. Against this its not close to the main action of miami beach (Lincoln Drive etc).The pool was a good size and there were always activities laid on for kids and adults alike. The lobby was nice and we found the staff to be helpful and efficient.Overall this place was fine, and no doubt you get what you pay for, but I didnt feel it lived up to a lot of the other reviews for this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	2	2	

<Author>michellemb77
<Content>Great location but watch out for extra charges!!!       veiw from our room  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CGBear
<Content>Great for the family. We came down for the Superbowl last year and stayed at the Newport. The only thing I have bad to say about the trip was the weather wasn't good for 2 of our 6 days there. The staff was helpful. The food was good. Activities like poolside bingo, cookie decorating, and all sorts of things for all ages. The kiddie pool was nice for my daughter, and the big pool was good for me. The beach, the pier, the tiki bar, everything was perfect. We'll be back soon.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CMontauk
<Content>Not so nice I went to Miami on a business trip in Mid-December and stayed at the Newport Beachside for one night. After a hard days work all I wanted was a nice hot shower. The lobby was beautiful but when I got to my room it was not so nice. I must say it was very spacious but very Miami Vice and had a lingering stale smoke smell. That was the least of my problems though, once in the shower the water started to fill up fast and not drain. Ten minutes into my nice hot shower I was knee deep in water. Yuck, Yuck, Yuck. One of my biggest pet peeves in my own shower at home let alone a shower that millions of people have used. After reading the reviews I am surprised I had such a poor experience. Maybe for families it is different but if you are alone or on business I do not suggest staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scpalmtree
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!!!       View from living room into one of the 2 bedrooms  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chocolatelover65
<Content>Loved the Newport Beachside I was very impressed with the friendliness of the staff from the time I checked in until the time I checked out. There were several activities for adults only including wine tasting and an auction. Michaels Restaurant wasn't open yet but all the other restaurants had excellent food and service. They are doing a very good job of upgrading the rooms and the only complaint I had was that our room could have used a new couch. I liked the fact that you were within walking distance of other good restaurants and shopping. You can catch a bus that stops in front of the hotel and takes you to South Beach or downtown. I would definitely stay there again and have recommended it to friends.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sweetiestreaties
<Content>best vacation ever what a treat!!! great family vacation will be back next year. staff was SENSATIONAL, True family resort, great activities for kids probally the only resort on Miami Beach that has great activities for kids and adults too. everyone was friendly since I am in the hospitality business I found no flaws with this one, every one was great and helpful especially under the holiday pressure.The rooms were great and clean the pool and beach were great also, very reasonably priced. big deal about the 15.00 valet service beats walking across street for a savings of 5.00.To the hotel staff thank you soo much for making our vacation one of the best ever.the corson family-seattle washington  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyTraveller009
<Content>Had a great time This was the 4th straight year that we have stayed at the Newport, and although we have enjoyed our stay every year, this year was it was our best experience by far.From the accomodations, to the beach area, to the friendly and helpful staff, everything was great.We look forward to returning next year!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkBookgirl
<Content>Great Family Vacation! We have stayed at the Newport several times and we are always very happy there. It is a tremendous value for the money and a perfect hotel for famlies. Our 2 kids-6 and 9-beg to go back every year. They love the pool, the activities (bingo, arts and crafts, etc), the charming birdcages in the lobby, and the HUGE rooms! The staff is friendly and the service is fantastic. The beach is beautiful and the amenities at the hotel are fantastic-from the gym to the spectacular new MICHAEL'S KITCHEN, the new GORGEOUS restaraunt inside the hotel. The food is amazing and the presentation is incredible!The newly redone lobby was a surprise this time-it looks beautiful and it is lovely just to read a book and relax there! My kids love being in the enormous pool all day and going to the playground on the beach....we rented jetskis which are located right behind the hotel-a huge bonus! The area is also perfect for families-plenty of shopping, restaraunts for kids, and many activities and parks as well.I look forward to going back soon and often! Fantastic!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>familyfunMaryland
<Content>Wonderful and relaxing This was one of our best vacations. It was such a pleasure to walk out the door and in 30 seconds be at the pool and another 30 seconds be on the beach. Although the fishing pier was closed due to construction, there was so much to do. The activities coordinatorwas great with the kids. There was something to do every hour for kids or adults..We go a great price too. Very convenient to 95. No complaints. Not a place for singles or couples without kids. Lots of food places in the area.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>webbhaus
<Content>Welcome to Miami...Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort The Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort was the perfect Holiday Hotel for us. This is a very stressful time of the year and a very busy time in south Florida. The moment we drove up we were greeted with warm friendly smiles from the valet service. The hotel lobby was simple yet elegant with a variety of restaurants and shops, all which lead to the fabulous outdoors. The private beach was well maintained with many outdoor activities or we could relax under the cabana sipping on a tropical drink. Our two bedroom, two bath room was very accomodating, especially since our two young adult daughters were with us. The view was spectacular, overlooking the beach and pier. There were planned activities for the whole family. The carribbean band and tiki snack bar gave it a cruise-ship atmosphere. The location had easy access to the Miami International Airport as well as the Ft. Lauderdale Airport. The Adventura Mall was relatively close along with other shops along the avenue. This was the best holiday ever and we attribute it to the excellent accomodations at the Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MicheleSuffolk
<Content>good place to stopover After reading others comments on this hotel we booked it.Stayed for a few nights on our way back to uk, really handy laundry facilities at the hotel, friendly staff and nice clean hotel. The only slight downside is the maid knocked on our door early every morning around 7.30am to clean our room.Over the road there are a few shops you can get what you need, and the bus service is good for going to the local malls if thats what you like to do.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>k49p
<Content>Good stay with helpful staff Had read some negative reviews but we found the hotel and staff very good. The staff could not have been more helpful and the hotel clean and of good quality. Would certainly use again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Uduthat
<Content>A Let Down The Hotel on the outside looks really good. The Hotel Lobby is nice. The rooms are old and out dated. The hallways smell really dirty. Our room still had candy on the floor from a previous person. The bathrooms had black mold that was easily cleaned off if you tried. The bedding was dirty. The beds were very hard. Drinks were $9.00 a piece and the lobby bar was unorganized and slow. In the evening you could only order large meals, no burgers or sandwhichs. After looking around the area, this happens to be the best choice we could see. Would probably not go back to the area again, but head to Fort Lauderdale.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>fsuhat
<Content>Great spot in North Miami Beach We recently shared a family event at the Newport Beachside. The experience was a wonderful one for all of us. We had a family dinner for 30 in the Sunrise Room on the 12th floor overlooking the beach with a wonderful array of food and even better service. The hotel is clearly investing in its future with a beautiful new lobby and amazing looking new restaurant. The rooms are still 80s, Miami-chic, but are apparently next on the list of upgrades. We really enjoyed the beachfront and pool areas - and there are quite a few amenities close by - Aventura mall, a number of restaurants, and South Beach a 15 minute drive south.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fsumomma
<Content>Family Fun Just returned from a long weekend stay at the Newport Beachside in Miami, FL. We had such a great time! While so much of the U.S. is shivering this weekend, we spent our time on the beach under the tiki huts, listening to the waves crash. The heated pool was a big attraction to the kids and there were activities every few hours for all ages. We watched the kids have a horse race in the pool and just missed a cooking class on bananas foster after returning from dinner. There was so much to do in addtition to the Miami attractions that we were never bored. The rooms are a little outdated, but very clean and comfortable. The ocean view rooms were worth the view. Michael's Kitchen had delicious food and it looks like they are renovatiing some other bar.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bunt_7
<Content>Super Resort! This is a very family friendly resort. The recent remodel of the lobby is attractive, large and inviting. The pool area and beach is beautiful and the attendants and hotel staff are all friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 5th floor and the elevators were quick - no waiting. We had drinks in the bar one evening and enjoyed a football game on the large screen TV in the lobby. We attended a group dinner in a banquet room on the 12th floor and the accomodations were excellent. The food was terrific and the staff attentive. We didn't have children with us but we noticed the activities going on for them at the pooldeck. There was also a band in the evening and entertainment in the afternoon at poolside. The room was roomy, comfortable and overlooked the beach. I'd recommend this resort to anyone looking for more than an average hotel. It offers convenience, service, and activities for all ages. We'll go back again!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling_Girl26
<Content>Impressed We decided to stay at the Trump Sonesta because we were unimpressed with the photos posted of the Newport. While at the Trump we took a walk down to the Newport Beach and were quite impressed. We had drinks by their pool and watched the horse racing game. The drinks were excellent and the pool area was fun--though the pool is small. On Thanksgiving we went to the Newport for dinner (Trump Sonesta was charging $85 a head) and had the best dinner ever (4 people for $105). They actually served each table their own turkey with all the trimmings. The lobby of the building was very nice and they even had an aracde for the kids. Bingo was at 8 p.m. and they had cooking lessons also. There were absolutely no activities at the Trump Sonesta (though it has a great pool).We didn't see the rooms but from what I saw I would stay at the Newport Beach, which was much more reasonably priced for families.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>thenay84
<Content>It was ok, could be better I booked this on priceline and got it for $85 with tax in. I'm glad I didn't pay more. The room was going for around $150 plus tax on the hotel site and elsewhere.First off, the lobby is nice, it was recently re-done and the outside of the building. It's now white and not brownish looking (I wish I took some pix to post)Checked in at 9pm (flight came in late), 20 minutes waiting in line, got a room, and when I opened the door it was a mess! It seemed like it was someones room and I left and went downstairs and complained. They waived the parking fee as a goodwill gesture (which I didn't even ask for). They said the room said it was cleaned and no one is in there and said sorry about that. So they gave me another room. Room was ok. It was dated for sure, looked late 80's/early 90's. The bed was ok. The bathroom had a jetted tub which was nice.So I finished putting my bags away, and parked the car. $10 for self parking, that's fine with me. I hate valet and waiting for them to bring the car so I didn't choose that. The walk was about 5 minutes across the street which didn't bother me at all, however I wish they gave better directions/signage it was confusing and annoying. The pool/hot tub is decent, the beach area is nice. I would rate this a 3* hotel, and i'm sure in time the rooms will be updated as the outside/lobby were recently done and that would improve the hotel but I don't think I would stay here again after my experience.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>OrangeParkJESS
<Content>A New Family Tradition!       Sunrise at 6:47  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lfraine
<Content>Family friendly Very family friendly, as well as adult friendly. New playground right on the beach. Live music on the deck. Pool bar, nice bar area inside. Recently redid lobby- looks very nice. New restaurant was being worked on- Michael's Kitchen. Looked like it will be open soon. Staff said guest rooms are being updated in the next year. If anything like the lobby should be great. We had a two bedroom suite, and there was also a murphy bed! Great space- not cramped. Gorgeous view on the beach. Hotel right next to the pier. Easy access from 95- right at the base of the causeway. Short, interesting drive to South Beach. Will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TyGuy80
<Content>Friendly Staff, Great Accomodations, Wonderful Place       The Mezzanine provided us a great place for our party to meet up.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RaleighwoodNc
<Content>Great Thanksgiving at the Newport Spent Thanksgiving at the Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort with my family and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great hotel in the Miami area. The hotel recently underwent a remodel and as soon as you walk into the lobby you will realize that you made the right hotel choice. Beautiful wood fans spin overhead their Norman Miller inspired decor below. I had a great room with an ocean view that was very spacious with a killer view of the Atlantic ocean. The hotel actually has tiki huts along its beach front with beautiful palm trees that will simply make you vacation seem more like a dream than reality. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and not stuffy like most hotels in Miami....yet very professional. I am already looking forward to planning next year's trip to Miami which would not be complete without a stay at the Newport.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dianecro
<Content>Hated This Hotel - Not Recommended Louisa Says: November 14th, 2007 at 11:01 pm We stayed for a week early November. The valet service was very good. There was also a very nice woman who worked in the gift shop.The rest of our experience with this hotel was wretched. I had called the day before leaving to make sure there was wifi service and when we arrived there was none. I have a son in the military and it was crucial to have internet so I had to set it up on my cell phone and pay extra - All week I was told they had no idea when it would be back up and running. They did offer me the computers in the lobby at $5 for 30 minutes?I had to pay. From the moment we tried to check in (over the very loud singing in the bar that was open to the lobby) - and were told that we could not upgrade to better rooms (we were told that on the phone) - The kids playing tag around the bar?We found that everything was $10 extra. To sit in a little hut on the beach = $10. And gratuities were built in to all the prices - 18% - so the employees did not care at all about customer service. They would walk right into me in the lobby and not even apologize. The maid service was a joke - actually watched a maid wipe off a counter, then use the same towel to clean out our glasses. We ended up cleaning the room ourselves and just asking for towels most of the week.Our first room was hideous. The water in the bathtub was green - there was some brown unidentified substance in the bathroom under the towels. The room was outdated, the bed was horrible - Yes, it had 2 tvs, but they were so close together that everytime you used the remote, it changed both tvs. The lackout drapes?did not cover the window at all. Our view was of air conditioning condensers which spewed out some weird bright green liquid by the gallons into the valet parking lot.I went to the desk and was told to suck it up. Then I went to the bell desk and asked for a manager. I was so upset that I was crying. The manager put us in a better room. I was shocked that ALL of the windows were riveted shut - you have to throw something very large to get air if there was a fire. The manager told me that all the water in Miami was green and that they all bathed in it and drank it. The 3 people with me did drink the water from the tap and they all had stomach problems. I did not drink the green water. In our second room the water still had a little green tint to it, but it wasn't dark green like in the first room.The pool was nice, but the buildings shade it before noon and it is very windy there all the time. Also - the very loud, blaring music - either from the lounge singers or radio was unnerving. The beach was the same - it was shaded by 1 or 2pm by all the very large buildings. There is also building going on everywhere around - including inside the hotel. Do not plan on napping in the hotel during the day. And the elevators would sometimes take forever - we were almost late leaving because of the elevators being so full and so slow. There was supposed to be a sunrise room in the upper part of the hotel, but it's just office space. We did see a decent gym with decent equipment in the basement.If you are not from the area, please be aware that the crime rate is crazy. There were two or three police officers shot and killed during the week we were there. The driving is even more insane - and if you try to walk anywhere - I wish you luck getting across the street to the stores. We did like the pelican bar - on the pier. But we were under the impression you could fish off the pier. It is closed and falling down. The employees at the pelican bar were great.We ate at the hotel restaurant one evening and everyone really liked their food (it took forever to get it though) and my meal was just very run of the mill.I would never go back there again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Bill_YAtlanta
<Content>Loved it. We stayed from Nov. 3-8. We thought it was very nice. We had ocean view room. So throughout the night and day we can hear and see the ocean. I recommend this hotel. They have a very nice weight room and different activities all day to enjoy. People were very nice. We (the whole hotel) also got new beds that next day we were their, how many times can you say you were the first to sleep on a new hotel bed. They were renovating everyday. I would do it again and again. The breakfast price and the Internet price were a bit high but other than that I loved it. November is a perfect time to go, not to hot, not to cold, just perfect. Housekeeping is on top of everything you ask for. Did not have to ask more than once for something we needed. Enjoy to others who decide to go.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MIngram
<Content>Beautiful beaches, great rooms with view of ocean and pool Wished I was on vacation instead of business...this hotel has so much to offer with a beautiful beach right by the pool and a program full of activities for all ages. My room has a great view of both the ocean and the pool on the 11th floor. Wake up to a gorgeous sunrise and there was a full moon during my vist which adds to the ambience. The valet was very efficient, always have my car within seconds. Best of all, across from the hotels were shops and restaurants you can walk to. They were about to open a signature restaurant days from my visit. I will definitely stay at this property on my next trip! Did I mention they had great latte in their cafe, coming from a Starbucks junkie that is high compliment.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>victoriapaige25
<Content>I guess its ok for the money in that area I must say that I lived in Miami Beach for five years before deciding to come back to watch the Dolphins play around two years later. Ive known about and seen the Newport Beachside for years and of course everyone says NO!! . But I got a good deal and stayed anyways, and boy should I have listened!! The lobby and beachfront are in a way worth its money in itself, but let me back up a little.... Check in was a breeze, but to the left three elevators stand before you and not one of them want to greet you. Holding just a bag became a torture until one of my commrades found the stairs.... Must I say that for 3 days that was our only means to our room.... and the response was that there was a wedding!!! The wedding was on Saturday from 3-10... but for some reason the excuse of this wedding went on until monday.... Oh and when we finally got to our room.... 1 towel for 4 we didnt even realize it until guest number 2 needed to dry off from the shower. And I cant even describe the smell!! Just think of the worst MOTEL experience you have ever had and multiply it by 10... Motel 6 is a westin compared to this dump!! I should have known better having lived here for so long.... If you are coming for a vacation...... be forwarned... stay south of north miami beach(sunny isles).. better stays, decent rates, closer to nightlife, and no [--] like we had to deal with!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	1	2	

<Author>robLansing
<Content>It could have been a lot worse. My traveling companion and I booked this place, on the basis of some tepidly okay TA reviews. Flying out of FLL.. the hotels that way are either VERY pricey or not good at all. We hoped Newport would be adequate. And it was. But barely. Were it not for the bellman Alejandro, it could have been a disaster. While I checked on the valet parking ($15 for valet, $10 to self park) my partner went with him to our first room. it was apparent someone had 'crashed' in there for a while, as there were glasses and other stuff scattered about. So he got us moved to a much nicer room six floors up. One elevator wasn't working and the other's were crammed with people. We waited 10 minutes before we could grab an elevator that would accomodate us and our things. We left the bellman's 'gurney' .. no way would it fit in an elevator. I think Alejandro climbed six floors to bring us hanging clothes we'd accidently left behind. The pier is blocked off on the ocean and the place was crawling with kids. But it did fit that decent category which wasn't easy in N. Miami Beach.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ohiovisitor17
<Content>Great hotel--nice employees I stayed at the Newport for 3 weeks last month. The front desk staff was very helpful, the food was above average and the housekeeping was outstanding. One employee of the restaurant, Jenny Pereyra (not positive about the spelling), really stood out. Ms. Pereyra worked both the breakfast and lunch shifts and was extremely pleasant and always made sure my drinks were full and the table was clean. I can't say enough about how pleasant she was.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dfromthepointes
<Content>blah This Hotel was TERRIBBLE the cleanleness was very poor and the website said they had big stores and a huge arcade the only two restarunts they had were an Italinan Restarunt Indside and a peir restarunt with flies and I mean lots of flies and the food was pretty much frozen and when I ordered a pizza from rom service it was just a frzen pizza with a few added spices the room that we booked was sopposed to be a suite it was just a regular hotel room with a mirror room divider it was just a plain old terrible hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	1	1	

<Author>H2KUsa
<Content>Great Stay! Our stay at the Newport was great because of the excellent accomodations and Michelle Theodule! She is an outstanding manager that takes pride in her hotel and makes all her guests feel comfortable and well taken care of. We will definitely return as we have for the past 5 years! Thank you for allowing small pets! Our Maltese especially appreciates your hospitality.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>just-facts-here
<Content>More than met our needs. Check in was easy. The bell man took us up to our room and there was a strong pungent smell in the hallway and subsequently in our room. The bellman turned on the air conditioning and opened up the balcony doors and told us if the problem persisted we should contact housekeeping. The smell quickly dissipated. Even in the hallway. Did not notice it again. The breakfast at the hotel was more than adequate, something for everyone. Only children do not eat for free anymore with one accompanying adult. Apparently this was changed just after we made our reservation. But the front desk assessed the situation, accepted our arguments and quickly fixed this problem and gave us extra vouchers for the kids, thank you Mr. Pena. Such a big gesture, which only cost them $10 but their quick solution created a lot of good faith and was very well received. We spent very little time at the hotel, did not use any of their facilities so I won be able to comment on them. What I did notice was that the pier was closed. The hotel more than met our needs, the room was huge, the view in the morning, as the sun came up, was beautiful. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Miamifan64
<Content>Great Hotel, great employees This is the third time I've stayed at this great hotel. The staff is friendly, the restaurant (menu recently upgraded) is clearly above average and the housekeeping is excellent. The front desk manager, Michelle Theodule, takes great care in making sure your stay is problem-free. I highly recommend the Newport Beachside for all the above reasons, not the least of which is employees like Ms. Theodule. I look forward to visiting again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>vanisher77
<Content>Not bad, but not satisfied with service at all We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in September and when we arrived I felt excuted at first. The hotel is located nearby the beach and has its own beach access but the more days we stayed the more remarks I gathered and finally I felt a little big negative about this hotel and next time I wouldn't stay here anymore although the accomodations are really nice :Remarks=======1) Ridiculous resort fee : The only thing you get is a chair on the beach, everything else (hut, umbrella,...) has to be payed. Also the fishing pier was closed, the whirlpool was not working and the business area was also closed for days. So, why should we be paying a resort fee ??? 2) Very average frontdesk service : a) their business area was not working for days, they were not able to give me directions to an (open!) internet caf on a saturday 3 PM !!!  b) on one night we were woken up because in one of the neighbouring rooms a buzzer was going off all the time (a room where the previous owner didn't switch it off). We had to call the frontdesk several times and go physically there between 4 AM and 6 AM before they solved it. Quite a joke ! We couldn't sleep for hours c) When checking out, our invoice was totally wrong, it even included days from the previous room guest. After explaining this several times they finally made a new invoice but again this was completely wrong but it was less than reality this time. I gave up after loosing so much time and walked out laughing, quite some amateurism over there.3) Several times we didn't get any new towels in the room and also 1 day the housekeeping was even forgotten, I also read this for many other people on this site.4) The people who distributed towels at the pool area were extremely (!!!) unfriendly and openly showed that they didn't like their job, a shame for such a hotel5) A big big congratulations from me to the valet boys. They were the only positive surprise to me, and espacially mr Jos. I decided to give them a nice tip when we checked out, they were the only ones who deserved it.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Event-Planner08
<Content>Great for Groups I was the planner for a group of 346 football fans that recently spent the weekend at this hotel. We contracted for 160+ rooms and also had a banquet in the Atlantis Ballroom. With a group this size you always have a few problems with arrival and departure dates, type of room, etc. The hotel staff demonstrated excellent customer service in immediately resolved any problems that came up during check in and with room assignments. In addition, the banquet staff was great to work with. The Atlantis Ballroom and adjoining reception area were nicely layed out and the dinner was good. I commend Barry Harris and his staff for going the extra mile in planning for our group by decorating the lobby and having some of the service staff wear shirts that welcomed our group.Great job, we will return to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ginola99
<Content>Perfect Hotel We were a group of 10 people and stayed 2 nights, we were all more than satisfied with everything, we have been in New York, Las Vegas, Paris(Europe) and Berlin(Europe) - And Newport Beachside is the best hotel for the money and a very importen bonus - EVERYONE was frindly and very helpfull, thanks and see you again, Michael Madsen ( Koge - Denmark / Tofter-Tours )  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AtlantaAlways
<Content>Very Average---Not a "Resort" I did not experience the resort part of Newport Beachside Resort. I thought the room was very small for the price of the room. The food at the pier restaurant was not good. The pier was closed which is part of the extra $10 resort fee that is charged for each night of your stay. The housekeeping was very average...you have to ask several times for something to be corrected. My friend and I had breakfast at the Ocean Reef restaurant and the service was horrible. My friend ordered a omelette from the menu and she had to send it back twice. She asked for the Healthy Choice omelette. According to the menu, it was supposed to have mushrooms,tomatoes,green peppers. They brought and omelette with sausage. She sent it back. They brought out another omelette with only mushrooms. She told them to forget it! They couldn't even make an omelette that was on their own menu! They add a gratuity to everything so even if you receive poor service, the tip is still added. The best thing about the hotel is that it is directly on the beach and the cabanas and pool area are decent. I think the service was average and the housekeeping and staff need to take a college course in Customer Service 101.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beach_Lover049
<Content>Loved the hotel and pelicans I absolutely loved this hotel. We stayed there in May 2007 for a couple of days. The hotel was very clean, the people were very nice and beach was beautiful. The best part about the hotel is the pier, which you can fish off of or just walk around. They sell fish there that you can buy and feed the pelicans. That was the best part of my vacation! Being able to see the pelicans up close and to feed them, amazing! The beach was very nice, you can use the hotel beach chairs for free, or rent a cabana. The food was a little expensive and the food in the restaurant on the peir wasn't the best, but it was still fine. I will definitely go back again soon!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Lookinforfuninsun
<Content>Could have been better Over all we are pleased, but had no idea pier was closed. When we booked that was one of the main interest. The sign says it was closed in June . This should have been posted on the web site.Also the hot tub is down for the whole week we are staying here.When I repeatly asked at the front desk they did'nt know it was closed.They called the maintenance dept . They found out they are replacing plumbing. The $10. a day for across the street parking is a little high. The bathrooms are nice they offer shampoo but no conditioner,so make sure to bring your own. The breakfast buffet is definitly is not worth 33.00 for two people. They are also doing a lot of construction work, which takes away from the relaxing vaction we were looking for.the main thing they have going for them is haul-over is with-in walking distance.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>brooke113
<Content>Great place. Great people The hotel was great! Super views of the beach and the ocean. The sunrise over the water was worth geting up early every day. And the staff was very friendly. The hotel is upgrading almost everything, including the restaurants. Lot s of activities for the kids. We heard many languages spoken, so good international vacation spot, nice mix. We will go again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Waterboy_11
<Content>Skip this place... I stayed at this resort during the third week of August. The facility is under construction, I guess they are finally upgrading the property after many years of neglect.Housekeeping service is spotty at best. I had to call many times just to get the room serviced, and they typically didn't do much other than change the towels, if you are lucky.The sofa bed is terrible, skip it. The rooms are not very clean, the furniture is worn out, and the hallways are noisy all night long.The pool isn't very clean and the beach is a mess. The fishing pier has been closed since June due to hurricane damage suffered two years ago.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlos58
<Content>didnt mension they was under cunstruction or remodeling was terrible to wake up at 8 am every day for five days with people working in my balcony and i was on the seven flor, we rent two suites with partial ocean view for a family vacations,we save every penny for this dream ? paradise on the beach.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>booshoo7
<Content>Good Spring Break Hotel! My friends and I stayed at this hotel during our Spring Break in our senior year of college. We enjoyed our stay here. The rooms were relatively large and were planned out well. The jacuzzi tubs in the suites were a really nice plus! The facilities were way above our expectations. We spent most of our trip in the pool and ended up using the volleyball field. The food at the bar was really good -- we ordered the pizza and the curly cheese fries. All in all, we had a really great experience here. UPDATE:HOWEVER: My roomate's Ipod was stolen from her suitcase and her boyfriend's credit card was stolen and someone attempted to charge some big ticket items' to the card. SO maybe it wasn't such a great experience after all :(  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hgabor
<Content>Great Beachside, but ICKY lack of housekeeping (Condom on the pool patio) This was my 2nd visit to this hotel, the first being 7 years ago. It looks as if they have not updated anything in the past 7 years. And I seriously did see a condom on the pool patio. We arrived at the hotel early, around 6am on a Sunday. Since our room was obviously not ready, we decided to check out the beach before breakfast. There must have been one hell of a party because the pool area and beach were filthy and disgusting. Cigarette butts and empty cups all over the place, other trash and debris laying around, and then of course, the USED condom laying in the middle of the pool patio. Even more shocking was that a security guard was sitting in the pool area when I came out and when he left, he actually stepped over the condom, but made no efforts to remove it or have it removed. I went inside and told the front desk manager of the mess and her answer was yeah, last night was Saturday. Housekeeping is not here until 7. This told me this was a regular occurrence.I also had an issue getting an bell staff before 7, and then I had to wait 15 minutes for someone to come and check my luggage so I could get breakfast.Later in the day when we came back to check in, we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite. The room was clean, although there were hairs in the bathtub. The room was supposed to be an ocean view. You could see the ocean if you leaned out to the left, but directly below the balcony was a gross rooftop.The lobby was always clean and nicely decorated. The gift shop had merchandise that looked over 20 years old. The beach is great. It's worth it to get a palappa so you can have some shade if you want it and you have a safe place to store your things. I went over Mother's Day, so most of the beach was filled with locals, seeming to have their family reunions under one palappa. Even with the crowd, the beach is great. I ordered drinks on the beach and we did some snorkeling. The beach area is nice a well kept (after the housekeeping crew comes in that is) and is large enough for swimming or sunbathing or whatever. The pier was open when I went and it's pretty cool to eat in the cafe there and walk down the pier.The hotel is within walking distance to a few places, but it is quite far (30 min.) to South Beach so be prepared for a drive if you want to go there. All in all, if you are looking for someplace to hang out on the beach and not really do too many activities, then this place is great for the price. You just need to be able to overlook a few things.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>mytravelstoo
<Content>A few faults but all in all, a great place My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Newport, checking out on Aug. 2nd. I had read the reviews here so knew about the across the street parking issue and also the resort fee. Most hotels in Florida charge a resort fee now. One mistake we made was not paying the extra $20 or so a night to get an oceanfront room, so the view from our room was horrendous. However, the room, and bathroom were absolutely spotless and the maid service was excellent. This was a great place for families, as they had a lot of scheduled activities for the kids. There are little chickee huts on the beach where you can sit in the shade and their ocean access is gorgeous. My only complaint would be with the elevators. Be prepared to spend a good portion of your time here waiting on the elevators. Only two of their three were working, and those two are small and slow. The lines to get on the elevators were always long. The hotel has a beautiful lobby and two very good restaurants. So other than the elevator problem, I'd give this hotel very high marks. Oh, one more thing-- they were starting some renovations on the lobby just as we were checking out.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>sttmcdinmo
<Content>Thought it was the perfect place for us! Stayed here for 3 nights in July -- actually tried to extend lodging, but they were sold out for family reunion. We loved our stay here. We had reserved a one bedroom, but when we got to our room it was a 3 (I think) bedroom -- possibly 2. It had 2 king beds and a Murphy bed (pretty sure it was queen). Had 2 bathrooms and a jacuzzi in one bedroom. Our balcony overlooked the pool and had a great ocean view. All of the staff was wonderful. My son was stung by a jellyfish and they were great. I had called ahead of time and asked them to arrange the room for his birthday, and it was a great surprise to him! Had cake, candles, utensils, plates, streamers, balloons, 2 souveniors---it made his day! Diane in the executive office was wonderful in helping to arrange this. We never used the pool, but did participate in the children's activities, and there were plenty!The beach was very nice. Groomed each morning. Yes, the pier was closed, but when I called a week ahead of our stay to inquire about the fishing, they were upfront about it, and that is why we didn't cancel. So glad we didn't. Drove up to Ft Lauderdale, went to Hollywood, South Beach (Lincoln Road was great for the kids), went to bayside Miami (alot of fun also)...Alot to do if you have a car. No, there isn't alot right beside the resort, but if you are going to relax with kids, definitely stay here. The $15.00/day valet does bother me, but we paid that everywhere. They are just 'going with the flow'. At least you didn't have to cross the street and leave your car unattended. We never had a wait for our car. Did eat breakfast at the restaurant, and while it was a little expensive for adults, the kids eat free...so, it was a wash. Decent food. Other than eating there, we ate at Emerald Coast (Chinese - couple blocks north) it is expensive for dinner, so go for lunch, Bubba Gump (both at Bayside and Ft Lauderdale) - which we love, Hard Rock in Hollywood, had Papa Johns delivered to room, and Dominos....We thought this area and resort was PERFECT for us. Have 2 10-11 year old children and they never even went into the pool or hottub - only the beach. We went across to Wings and bought tubes for $7.00 each, they inflate them and we used them at night on the ocean. Fun!!!We will be back here, we loved it. THANKS Newport!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wantonstoup
<Content>Good News: CHEAP. Bad News: (Read the Review!)       Decent Room  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	4	1	2	-1	2	

<Author>WeekendGetaways43
<Content>"Family Vacation Spot" but ........ Previous reviews have been fairly accurate with this hotel. It is: a great beach location with good amenities ( all part of the $10 per day resort fee) such as free beach lounge chairs ( umbrella or hut extra), fitness room, free local calls, discounts on motorized craft (jet ski waiting list is long), beach playground, beach volleyball court, live entertainment throughout the day... It is also 150 blocks north of South Beach on Collins Avenue(A1A) and ;therefore, not as close to adult party central ( if that's what you are looking for)...It is also quite loud and often confusing which begs the question,  who is running this asylum, the caretakers or the inmates. This is where I tell you of the screaming young male adult who went running down the hallway, hitting doors as he did so, at 2 AM( 2 nights ago) while being chased by four young female adults. Eventually, security was on the case. It also was not very comforting to see 4 Sunny Isles Police Cars parked in the main entrance of the hotel at 6pm yesterday as well... The end of this part of the story is that there were no major incidents that we would read about in the morning paper, but still not very comforting anyway unless you realize that this place is actually creating the atmosphere of a Big Family Party with room for the crazy older teens!With all that said, I would recommend you come here with a group (4 of us). Oh , yes, use the in-room safe.We had a One Bedroom Suite .It's an efficiency folks. It is a rectangular shaped room that divides the Queen sized bed from the Queen sized Murphy bed/sofa with a shelf unit. There is a microwave, small fridge, coffee maker, table, two chairs, flatware and some dishes. The bathroom does have a full bath/shower with hydrojet bathtub. The rooms are cleaned as often as the overworked housekeeping staff can perform. Our room was clean upon check-in ( and check-out). Also BE AWARE that ONLY pool view or beach view rooms have a balcony which means rooms on the north side of the hotel do not!Be prepared for added fees to your per night stay such as resort fee ($10 per day - covers the amenities), parking ( $15 valet/ $10 self per day) and of course hotel taxes ( a main revenue for this area's economy). The valet parking area appears well staffed since we didn't have a long wait for our car at any time in the 4 days we stayed. FYI, a member of my family noted that all the change in his car was removed at one point during our stay - I wonder how that happened, hmmm?Free buffet breakfast for children aged 10 and under, otherwise it's $13 plus tax and gratuity. There is an on property coffee shop, boutique, gift shop and game room ( Main Lobby level). Fitness room is on the lower lobby level. The Pool Bar is as expensive as previous reviews noted and the pier is closed ( the first quarter of it houses a Tiki Bar and you can not walk beyond this part, unlike the hotel website picture eludes to).Across the street and one to two blocks north is a Milam's Food Market, 24 hour CVS Pharmacy and various shops/restaurants. Starbucks is 2 blocks north for sure, lol..Aventura Mall is about a 15- 20 minute drive north on US1. Wallmart further north on Hallandale Beach Blvd, east of US1.FYI, since it often rains in the afternoon/evening here, the staff does a good job of trying to help keep both kids and adults busy with board games in the lobby and also movies in the Mezzanine Lobby(3rd Level). Contrary to what you might be thinking, we really had a nice time! This location does accommodate the Family/Tourist type vacationer. Just keep in mind, this is no first class resort and actually reminds me of how this part of Sunny Isles used to be before all the old hotels were torn down to make room for high-rise beach front condominiums.In closing, I might ( but probably won't) return here to soak up some sun, enjoy the beach( water was very nice) and also spend some FUN time with my family. I am sure; however, that there are other hotels/resorts that don't have the glitches the Newport has at pretty much the same pricing.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Barracuda30
<Content>Unbeatable Beach and Poll Area       Sunny Isles Beach behind the resort  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>FamilyTravelsNewYork
<Content>Old Standby With Many Improvements I have stayed at this hotel a number of times when visiting friends in South Florida. It has an excellent location with the beach right on the back with a straight shot down to South Beach. We have three small children and they love the hotel for the beach, pool and other activities that they run in the hotel geared for the little ones. We feel this is a perfect hotel for people with kids in that it is affordable and seems to be geared for this type of crowd. On our last stay in March, we notices a lot of improvements to the hotel. The rooms seem to be under renovation and the lobby was redone. It looks very clean. While we do not have the need for this, it seemed that they were either constructing or renovating a ballroom on the second floor. I would imagine it is done by now. Overall, we would have to say this hotel appears to be on the upswing from our prior stays as they appear to be upgrading the facility. The price is right for our budget as well. I am sure we will go back next time we are in the area.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>IslandGirlMaritza
<Content>*** Beautiful Property*** I recommend this hotel highly. Our room was lovely; although on the compact side, it was beautifully decorated and the space was wisely used. The view was magnificent! All other areas of the hotel were well-maintained - the lobby, elevators, pool, beach, etc. were all clean and most attractive. We especially enjoyed the gorgeous beach with comfortable lounge chairs.We enjoyed our stay here so much that we are planning to return for a longer visit.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>free4u2nv
<Content>newport Beach Resort has some hassels...       buildings next to resort  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>jerseyguy27
<Content>great hotel and value This hotel is a great hotel and value especially if you have kids. location is great... near beach , has lively pool and activities for kids with counselors!! Which hotel in miami has that?? The parking costs only 10 bucks for self parking which is nothing compared to 25-30 a night in most other hotels. It isn't the nicest chic rooms out there but all were really clean, great attentive staff and lots of great places to eat especially if you have a car. It isn't near south beach if that is your thing. try booking on the hotels website(cheapest) especially if you are a AAA member  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zreis
<Content>Liars.....Cheaters.....and Rude to boot. First and formost this hotel is a nice property, how ever the rooms are not at all as they tell on the website. I booked a one bedroom (bedroom) being a key word there) Suite....It was not a suite by any defiinition. It was a normal sized regular room with a pull down bed with a small divider in the middle of the beds. THATS NOT A SUITE....THATS A LOAD OF CRAP. I reserved a top floor suite with ocean veiw.....they put me on the first floor over looking a ton of screaming kids. The room was supposed to have two TV's. It had one. When I called to ask about it, I was told that the was not the case and that the internet website does not have a second tv listed for the one bedroom suite....and low and behold...it does.As I was on my first floor balcony smoking a ciggarette to calm my nerves from dealing with this, somone from a top floor decided to spit and hit me in the back on my head and my hand. Imagine the anger. You book a top floor, you get first floor, you booked a suite, and got a room...you go out to your balcony to relax...and someone from a top floor....(which you reserved) has just spit on the back of your head. The hotels idea of compensasion was breakfast for two. NOT A NEW ROOM, NOT A SUITE, NOT A TOP FLOOR...but breakfast. Yay! After 2 hours of dealing with the floor manager (Matthew Sims) ..(If you ever have to deal with this man, go above him. He will do nothing but smile in your face and tell you have a nice day after he has ruined it.) I decdied to find another hotel, at a higher rate, and after driving 4 hours on no sleep after working a 12 hour shift. Seems like this would be the end of the nightmare right? WRONG!!!Two days after the ordeal with the Newport Beachside Resort I was on my way home, and decided to pull money out of my account for the turnpike home. The NewPort Beachside Resort had put a charge hold on my debit card. I had no money to get home!!!!!!!!!!! I called, and spoke with Matthew Sims once again just to be laughed at and told to have a nice day. I decided that Mr. Sims would change his tune when he was confronted with this issue in person, and in front of other guests....I was wrong. I watched Mr Sims. (Newport Beachside Resort Manager) give a coupe the same line of crap that he gave to my girlfriend and I. I was disgusted and appauled by his actions. I was told by Mr. Sims that I should mind my own business to keep things civil I was told that Security would be called, and threatened with police. The Police were called to the resort, and just so happens the Manager above Mr. Matthew Sims was standing at the front desk. The other manager (Mr. Valdez) was very helpfull and helped me on my way. However.....he charged my debit card a total of $484.00 instead of giving me $140.00 from the $343.00 that they had already held from my bank account. So on the way home I was once more reminded of my vacation stay at the Newport Beachside Resort when I had to be embarassed and use my high intrest credit card to pay for dinner. This hotel ruined not only my weekend, but my vacation and the relaxation I hoped to get. Imagine working a high stress, high liability job....only to go on vacation and deal with same type of people.I DO NOT RECOMEND ANYONE TO STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!Feel free to contact me via E-mailZacharias J ReisPba_fla@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>BeachBunny16
<Content>Don't consider this Boot Camp. The staff is only friendly when your checking into this Boot Camp nightmare, must wear wrist bands when at the pool or beach area as if you were in jail or military boot camp (ID Bracelets). Staff is not friendly, rooms are really nice and great activities even though pool manager sucks as well. Pool closes at 10 and no hanging out in that area or beach area with our the Drill Sargent Security Guard hassling you so basically its lights off at 10:00 pm Sucks, No coolerss or music in these area either, will never stay again. I needed a vacation not a boot camp with so many rules and regulations. THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>AlainaLBC
<Content>Not a Very Clean Resort/Hotel From the outside the Hotel building apprears to be very old. The lobby windows, elevators and carpet were dirty. Our room was changed three times, because they were dirty on arrival. They were not even third world country clean. Finally I figured that it was not worth it to keep changing rooms, so I cleaned the third room myself with clorox and lysol. There were fleas in our room, my husband and I were both bitten on our legs and arms. The beach was nice. Stay at this hotel only if you want to have easy access to the beach. If having access to the beach is not a priority, then stay some where else.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Shira
<Content>Great place for kids and families Just got back from a week at the Newport. We had a positive experience at the hotel in general, especially after we switched to a nicer room. The first one they gave us, a 2 br suite, was toward the front, street side of the hotel, room 626, with a very ugly view out the window. After two nights and many requests, we moved to room 914, with a beautiful view of ocean and swimming pool. I recommend requesting a specific room number, keeping in mind that 901 is closest to the ocean, and 926 would be far from the water and not scenic. Room 914 was great. The staff was nice and responsive, and my kids loved the pool and the ocean. The pool is rather noisy and crowded with children, and it was nicer to pay $10 for an umbrella at the water's edge (shade was essential.) The breakfast was okay, nothing great, but very convenient. The omlette bar was good. We also went across the street to Einstein's Bagels, and found very tasty Cuban and Peruvian restaurants in the strip malls across the street. (And great cafe con leche at the Cuban eatery.) The hotel lobby was very pleasant. It is far to get to South Beach, and not located near much other than the ocean, so probably not a top choice for singles or couples. But for my family, with two small children, the Newport provided a comfortable and relaxed setting for a week of play at the pool and beach.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>mirka25
<Content>Great Atmosphere but hated the room The worst thing i have to say about newport is the parking if your a guest is 15 for valet but yet its a long wait to get your car to valet and when picking up even worse wait.the hotel was packed , especially with lots of kids and families.The front desk staff were quick and attentive.The room was clean and nice layout , did not have a balcony or ocean view .The toilet was dirty and the air condtioning did not work all night had to sleep horribly. the housekeeping was wonderful i called for some toothpaste and they delivered it quickly.overall this hotel was fine but some of the room problems and parking put it down. would probably not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>bb24680
<Content>Outstanding 6 day vacation Upon arriving at the Newport Beachside Resort, I discovered that I did not have a balcony view, the front desk supervisor quickly changed my room so i would have one. He went out of his way to explain that they were working on the balconies and would be some noise during the day. What did I care, I just wanted a balcony with a view and that is what I got. The hotel and property is very clean. It is family destination resort, but being single I found enough to keep me busy and entertained. All of the hotel personnel were great. I would reccomend this hotel/resort for anyone that wants a very good hotel, great beach, great pier, and lots of things to do. The housekeeping department was outstanding, quick to clean my room when I left, but never rushed me to leave. I will certainly return again,  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>AstridWilson
<Content>I may choose this hotel again because of the beach and the pier.       Beach  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>wendyz18
<Content>Wonderful place       this is part of the lobby  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>grandma3kids
<Content>Great family spot This is the first time my 18 mth old Grandson was at a beach. He enjoyed playing in the beautiful sandy beach and at the waters edge. The hotel was beautiful with a newly remodeled lobby. Our rooms were very nice and we had a balcony. We ate all our meals at the two restaurants in the hotel. The food was very good and both were very kid friendly. My grandson enjoyed playing in the kiddie pool. We went for a walk on the pier so he could see the men fishing. He enjoyed seeing the fish they caught. The grin he had on his face the entire weekend made this Grandma very happy. If you want a nice relaxng place for the entire family, this is the spot to be.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>indianrediff
<Content>2nd stay here - loved it!       View of winds raging onto beach from balcony of room 610  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamineNorcrossGa
<Content>loved everything georgia we had a great stay, everything was great we had come from the Embassy suites at miami airport wich has bad bad service and no safety, door would not lock etc and when we came here we were kind of nervous.... but it exceded our expectations.. front desk was great, rooms were super clean , rooms were big...beach was great, atmosphere was great.We had a great time , Thanks newportjust a little suggestion change your photos in hotel.com they dont do justice to how nice are the rooms with the jacuzzi , lobby etc.we are already planning our next trip to Newport Beachsidethanks Jamine from Atlanta ga  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alk1231
<Content>Wont go back... On the website it says nothing about having to be 21 to stay at this hotel... or with someone of the age of 21. After a long day of travel, wouldnt you want to relax and have a good vacation? Of course we wanted to, but when we got there we had problems from the get go.... after a bit of complaining we got our room switched and tried to make the best of our stay. The front desk was not helpful, gave out wrong information and thought they knew what they were talking about. Each event planned there was not included, hidden fee's were every where. the beach was beautiful but was cone'd off to where we could only sit. The closest thing that was fun was the Aventura Mall. Everything else would cost to much to get there by taxi.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mruk
<Content>Excellent! Great service and location       View from the balcony  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>windvalley
<Content>Good choice for a relaxing time My bf and I (in our mid-20s) stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and I must say, I was expecting much worse. The pool was good size and I enjoyed my morning swims before it got crowded with kids. Plenty of lounge chairs and although we went further south for the beach, it was nice to have it right there. One thing though, this place is a family resort, so lots of kids. It did get a little annoying during the day trying to take a swim in the pool and unruly kids jumping into the pool and splashing water into your eyes etc. It is not the fault of the resort but parents really should learn to control their kids better (it is called consideration where I come from lol). We did the vallet parking, which was much more convenient than parking across the street ($5 more). South Beach is 15-45 mins away depending on traffic. Bring plenty of quarters and your patience for parking. Overall, I did like the fact that the hotel was a little further away from SoBe as Sobe is on 24/7 and it isnt always a good thing. Rooms were outdated but clean and good size.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>katespade
<Content>Ok place for the weekend - do not stay here if you don't like kids! First let me start out with the cons:- this is a family resort. Lots of kids all over. Do not stay here ifyou don't want to hear kids.- breakfast buffet is overpriced and not worth the money. It is easier to grab breakfast- parking cost is a bear (but is will be anywhere) - but if you are only there a couple days, choose the valet - it is just easier.- it is a bit outdated, but clean - so if you are getting a good deal, who cares if the bedspreads look they were designed in 1973.:-)- it is a big drive down to South Beach, so be prepared to take a cab(if you are not renting a car). You can not walk.Now the pros:- got a great rate on priceline.- even though you are charged a resort fee, make sure you utilize thehuts and chairs. It makes the trip worth while.- there is a nice snack shop in the hotel lobby. They have great gourmet foods to take to the beach and after two they make deli sandwhiches. - easier access to shops with parking lots in that area.- it has a very nice beach area - so even if kids aren't your thing, you can escape down to the beach for a little rr.For our purpose (two days in Miami prior to a cruise departure), it was just fine.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lgfactor
<Content>most frustrating hotel experience I've ever had I made reservations at this property for a family vacation the first week in January for a week in April. The next day, after reading some trip advisor reviews about poor service and problems at the hotel with overbooking and rooms not being ready I called and cancelled the reservations. I spoke with a reservations agent at the hotel who told me that she would take care of it and I asked her if I needed to do anything else. She told me no, that it would be taken care of. The first week in April ( 4 days before my original reservations) I received an email from Newport that said they were looking forward to my arrival. I called the resort ( it often takes several attempts to get through, and finally frustrated, left a message reminding them that I had canceled my reservations in January and that we would not be arriving. I left my name and telephone number and told them to please call if there were any questions. A few days ago I received a credit card statement that showed 2 charges from the Newport beach hotel. I attempted to contact the hotel again to straighten this out and was once disconnected, once received a voice mail and left a message, once called the operator and asked to be connected to someone who could help me, I then received another voice mail service and left a message. I also sent an email to the address on their website. No one responded to any of my attempts. Today I searched the web and found another number, which was a corporate office and the woman there finally got me in touch with a real person. I have explained this situation to several  managers and executives and they told me that I should have known to get a cancellation number and without that they will only offer me a free 2 night stay at their property. I do not have another trip planned to that area so this is of no use to me. I am disputing this with the credit card company but I can only tell you that the reservation system ( if you can get through, which is diffacult at times and impossible other times) and the people I have talked with have treated me rudely, with one man calling me liar and saying that it was my responsibility to contact their office by email after I had talked in person to a reservation agent who told me that the reservation was cancelled. I am turning this over to the credit card company but as a seasoned traveler I can tell you that I have never been treated this poorly.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nelms
<Content>A very nice family beach resort The quintessential value-priced beach resort -- not four- or five-star luxury, but a very nice place, especially for families. Built in 1961, the place looks like an upper-end Holiday Inn of that vintage, but with resort amenities -- nice pool with wading pool for the little ones, recently updated lobby with live tropical birds and several shops, well-cleaned beach with lounge chairs and tiki huts, a trampoline for the kids, several places to eat and drink at different price points, activities for children and adults (bingo, etc.), and a lively, energetic feeling that people are having a good time. Service was excellent during my visit -- friendly and prompt. I reserved a standard room but was upgraded to a mini-suite; the room wasn't large by current standards, but was decorated with bright colors, had a nice bath with whirlpool, and a mini-kitchenette with refrig and microwave that was convenient for snacks and drinks, and would even prepare frozen entrees if you were in the mood to save on restaurants. I had a bit of trouble hooking up with the Internet, but I called the help number and they fixed the problem and gave me 200 hours of free access to compensate for my trouble. My good mood was enhanced by the bargain price I paid through Hotwire: $943 for six nights accommodations and seven days full-sized rental car, booked only six days in advance. If you go this route, be aware that there is a $10 resort fee per day and a $10 per day self-park fee that are not included in the package price, despite the Hotwire claim that all taxes and fees are included. The breakfast buffet is over-priced at $16.45 , unless you're a huge eater, but you can order a full breakfast from the menu for about $10. There are many nearby restaurants, from McDonald's to Mexican to a Jewish deli named the Rascal House to fine dining. If you stay in a room overlooking the pool, be prepared for noise from children playing during the day. The property is being completely renovated; the lobby is done, elevators will be replaced next week, and rooms this spring on a gradual basis; check to see what's happening before you book. I wish I'd found this place when my kids were young -- it's a great family vacation destination.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>every1needsvacation
<Content>Loved it... can't wait to return!       Sunset view from balcony  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>FloridaGuru
<Content>old but great location Stayed April 3,2007 we were given a condo unit with no dishes, silverware, or dishwasher. The A/C was VERY noisy and the furniture out of date. Now for the good...great location spacious....three TVs our room had no balcony good buffet...nice pier with icecream parlor and pool for kiddies and older folks. Free chairs, playground, and trampoline...great FAMILY resort.Service not so good....  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BUMintheSUN421
<Content>A Welcomed Surprise My room with a balcony facing the ocean was beautiful and I would've expected it to cost more. There was a Murphy bed in the wall to accomodate extra guests, so it was out of the way if you didn't need it and readily available if you did. There were two TV sets, and a large sliding door to seperate the rooms if necessary. A mini kitchenette contained a microwave, a coffee maker, and a small refridgerator. The bathroom was nice and clean and already had extra towels stocked. The lobby was beautiful and accented by live tropical birds just as you walked in. The hotel actually had stores in the lobby, which were stocked with all your typical traveling and beachside needs plus more. The pool area was nice, and the manicured beachfront behind the hotel offered lounge chairs, umbrellas, and tiki huts you could rent to stay cool in the sun. There was also a play area for children which included a trampoline, along with water sports equipment like kayaks and a waverunners. While I was there, a wedding and the wedding reception were also taking place on the hotel grounds. There were a number of things at this hotel that I have never seen before...  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojula
<Content>Tropical Paradise Just returned from an awesome week at the Newport Beachside Resort. All staff were friendly, courtious and would go above and beyond to make our stay perfect. The rooms were clean and very well maintained. The beach and poolside were totally amazing. There was always activities and music for all ages around the poolside, beach and sometimes in the lobby. I really felt like I was staying in a tropical paradise. The $10 per day resort fee is definatly worth the cost. I recommend the valet parking. There is tons of shopping and restaurants nearby. The Pelican restaurant in the hotel was great. I would say that this establishment is a great place for families with children, couples and singles as well. Great for all. I plan on going back next year with my family. R.P Menchenton  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>molly74
<Content>wonderful place to stay! We stayed at Newport for 4 days..... with our 13 and 16 year old girls. when we arrived at the hotel and it took no time to get checked in and get up to our room. the front desk staff was VERY nice. also the gentleman at the concierge was VERY helpful in helping us plan a tour and Airboat ride in the everglades (highly recommended and great price for the awesome experience) the shuttle picks you up at the hotel and tours the city on the way to and from the Everglades national park) then drops you back off at the hotel. also there is a marina within 5 minutes drivng distance from the hotel to go deep sea fishing and you do not need reservations for this and it only cost $35 for the fishing gear, bait and everything!. the hotel staff serves drinks to you on the beach while you relax in the sun. the pier staff was very friendly and had great food! and there are activies for all ages going on throughout the day that were so much fun! I Look forward to my future stays at Newport Beachside resort!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYNY212
<Content>Nice hotel, bad service!! Nice hotel, I have been there four or five times .I reccomend getting an ocean front room with a balcony, it really opens up the room. The Beach and Pool area is really really great. That being said the hotel staff is extremely unhelpful. They are unwilling to even do the things they offer let alone going above and beyond. You can't get a hold of housekeeping, that speaks english. Or the massage services or scuba instructors, That are all at the hotel, but not really available. I keep going back because the beach really is so nice, however I have put up with room mix ups loud construction and the very unhelpful staff.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>nellymars829
<Content>New and Exciting I spent the most magnificent week at the Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort. I had heard things about it before but never had I experienced such a relaxing week. The beach provided the most beautiful backdrop for a luxrious resort. I enjoyed the numerous activities that the resort helped me coordinate. But most of all I enjoyed the luxrious and spacious accomdations, I loved feeling like royalty at Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort. The local resturants also were magnificently deliclous and I especially enjoyed the tropical drinks. The Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort is a must for anyone traveling in South Florida.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Easygoingt
<Content>Okay Place The place has a great pool and beach area. Probably the best for a few miles around. But, the service is abominable, and the room we had was shabby, shabby, shabby. This is an old property that's been cosmetically brushed over with a remodeled lobby. The breakfast restaurant really shows the moldy side of the place with dirty glass (enclosure) and worn paint all around. Staff appears to be untrained in even rudimentary service--friendly enough for the most part, but incompetent. Concierge doesn't know anything except to peddle bus tickets to South Beach. Nobody knows how to connect to the Wi Fi internet service for which they want $ 10 a day--we finally hooked into a free linksys network that showed up on our computer. (Lots of new condos around....)Often, you have the feeling you're interrupting the staff's good time, because they sure do chat among themselves, ignoring the guests. The in-room guest book is outdated--much of what is described (restaurants on site)simply doesn't exist. Be aware there is a daily resort fee of $ 10, which pays for dippy bingo and ancient horse races at the pool. There's also a mandatory 18% Gratuity charge slapped onto everything--guess that makes sense, because even a nice person would not tip this staff voluntarily. Finally, there is nothing, but nothing, to do in the vicinity. Tacky strip mall is about it. And there's nothing on-site once you come in from outside. Lobby bar (basically a bare little counter) is unstaffed most of the time. It'll cost you about $75-80 round trip in taxi fares to get to South Beach. Bottom line, nifty place for families who turn in when the sun goes down and who can live on potato chips and Soda. As a resort experience this is a definite bust.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AArbittier
<Content>Better Than Expected After reading previous reviews , it was much better than expected!I contacted the hotel directly and made reservations thru their reservations dept. I called them a day ahead to confirm and advise them i would be arriving after 8:00 pm. Upon arrival the lobby was jumpin with a good female singer.Check in ran like clockwork. I booked a 2 bedroom suite with one bath but requested 2 baths. They honored my request for two baths.The suite was medium sized , not small but smaller than expected .Upon arrival the suite was immaculate and kept very clean the entire stay.The resort was also very clean and kept that way.The lobby was very open , airy with nice furnishings. The front desk personnel were friendly and very helpfull .The breakfast buffet was ok ,nothing outstanding but reasonably priced.The self parking across the street was only $10/day and was convenient. Valet parking was $15/day. For snacks there is a mini mart across the street in the gas station or there was Einsteins bagels alittle further north and the Rascal House(for deli ) was further north but within walking distance. The social activities for children and adults were outstanding. The pool area with live music was great.The beach and the fishing pier were superior.We hated to leave it was MUCH better than expected !!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tadlots
<Content>Terrible Experience. Hotel Turned Me Away Despite Confirmed Reservation! In January I booked a February stay at this hotel through Priceline and received a confirmed reservation. On my arrival the hotel presented me with a letter saying they were overbooked and that I needed to go to a hotel down the street. The hotel they sent me to was not remotely comparable. The next morning I called the hotel for a refund, which I was told they would provide, but was subsequently bounced back and forth from the Newport to Priceline, each telling me the other was responsible for the refund. After many hours on the phone and a formal complaint to the Better Business Bureau I finally received a refund. I can't say if the hotel amenities are nice or not since I never really got in, but their booking practices are absolutely unethical and Priceline's commitment to their promise of a guaranteed room was worthless in this case.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kimberleys36
<Content>A great Place to stay       View from our room  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cubtravel
<Content>Fun stay at the Newport My wife and I were looking for a place away from the Hustle and Bustle of South Beach but reasonably priced and located near activities around the Miami area. The Staff was friendly, the rooms were clean and spacious not like the cramped rooms of the boutique hotels. Our room had a great view of the beach. We also loved sitting outside at the Tiki Bar looking at the ocean enjoying the great pool and beach. We will certainly return the the Newport.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ulysseys_23
<Content>Wonderful hotel with amazing beachside views!!       Sign out front of hotel...  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>St.Anthonyparkfamily
<Content>Not for families with small kids Just got back from five nights with my wife and three kids (2, 6, 6).1.If your room faces the pool, it will be unbelievably loud. General pool noise all day and into the night and loud music from 11am until 10pm. If you are trying to put kids down for a nap, or to bed early you will have difficulty. My wife and I were awakened every night by noise from the pool. There are no posted pool hours and it appears you can use the pool almost anytime.2.Because it is a time share, they cannot offer no-smoking rooms, though that was not clear to me until I got into the room which had ash trays everywhere and did not smell great. That might be acceptable in 1987, but in 2007, this is crazy.3.Beach and two pools were great. Nearby and fun to use. Great nearby playground and trampoline for kids.4.Very mediocre breakfast buffet.5.Lots of kids-oriented activities.6.Plenty of restaurants nearby, but walking on Collins avenue is not much fun7.Near Miami and Ft. Lauderdale airports and easy to get to both.8.Valet parking at $15 a day expensive, but parking across Collins avenue when you have small kids didn look like much fun. Valet service swift every time except once.9.Many Europeans at the resort, and thus plenty of smokers10.Pelican restaurant mediocre.11.Efforts to sell you a timeshare annoying, but not overly so.12.Fairly cheap. We paid $260/night for a two bedroom unit with a fridge and microwave, some dishes and silverware.Bottom line, if you are looking for a value family vacation it might be OK. If you don have kids, or have older kids, it might be OK, but if you have young kids this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>KGIRL25
<Content>Will Not be staying there again! Just got back from a 4 night stay at Newport Beachside Hotel. Booked the hotel on priceline.com for $110/night; which seemed like a great deal. However, the problems began almost immediately. When reading the reviews on this website, I noticed their reference to a $10/day resort fee. So, I immediately called the resort to see if this fee was included in the priceline fee. The person I spoke with, Latha, seemed knowledgeable, and told me that the resort fee was included in our priceline fee.However, upon our arrival, we were told that there was in fact a resort fee. Having noted the person I spoke with, I told them that Latha had told me that the fee was already included in the priceline fee. The front desk lady told me that no one in the hotel would tell you that, implying that I was lying. Upon my insistence, the manager was summoned, and he basically told me that I shouldn't believe everything that his staff tells me. If someone on my staff said the rooms were free, would the rooms be free? NO!, says the manager. At this point I was furious, and could not believe the staff of this hotel! Finally, the manager said, Fine, we'll waive the fee. There you go, hope you're happy; you got what you wanted! And walked away, leaving us in utter shock at how incredibly rude everyone was to us! We just wanted what we were promised. The rooms themselves were horribly old, and definitely need an update. The lobby is the only updated thing in the hotel. I cannot believe that ppl actually would even think about buying a timeshare here. Because this place is a timeshare, they can't prohibit ppl from smoking in the rooms, so all of the rooms have a smoky smell to them, which was horrible. On the flip side, the beach is great, and the pool area was okay. It's true that the self-parking was in a lot across a highway from the hotel, and though a bit inconvenient, it wasn't too bad. Self-parking is $10 and valet is $15/day. All in all, our experience at this hotel was definitely not a good one; both service and actual accomodations were lacking. And that is what you are paying for...isn't it? Anyway, we will definitely not be staying here again, and would not recommend it to anyone; a waste of money.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>hellie1
<Content>The worst hotel This is a terrible hotel. I booked 2 nights , but soon checked out. The room was dirty and smelt of smoke. The bathroom was old. The carpet was damp - I didn't dare step on it without shoes. The beach resort was dirty and littered with trash. Stay away.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	2	

<Author>investor36
<Content>Absolutly loved it!!!!!!!       Sign out front of hotel...  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BVBTheHague
<Content>We have had a great time! We have had a great time in this hotel. We stayed 6 nights with our 5 year old boy. He had a middle ear infection and the girl at the reception was very helpful to find a doctor.The pool was ok. The room was outdated but spacious and the beds were comfortable. Bathroom was ok, with a jetstream in the bath.All the staff were very helpful and friendly to us. Especially in the restaurant! The breakfast buffet was very good.The lobby is renovated and looks nice and spacious.The beach is nice, but it is a pity that in the afternoon the sun disappears behind the big buildings...We would definately go back to this hotel in the future!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Tarron
<Content>Simple Hotel That Provides Good Value For Money While the hotel is not an amazing resort, it does provide good value for the money when the location and room layouts (1  2 bedroom options) are taken into consideration. We stayed in a one bedroom unit with a partial ocean view on the 8th floor and appreciated the microwave and mini-fridge. Admittedly, the carpets and furnishings are old and outdated, however the hotel and restaurants were clean. This hotel is ideal for families with children up to the age of 15 as there are plenty of acitivities for them throughout the day. The beach was nice and was a good option if you wanted to avoid all the kids who tended to hang out around the pool. Overall the service was good even when the person could not speak fluent english. A tip here and there helps. Housekeeping was good but they do tend to be loud in the morning. We ate at the hotel that overlooked the pool and also at the pool bar and the food was okay but you could probably do better by going across the street. While the location was convenient, a vehicle is a must especially if you want to go to South Beach as it is a 15-25 minute drive depending on the traffic.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>chesigh
<Content>Loved the hotel I just returned from a vacation at this resort. February 27th thru March 2nd. My flight was cancelled and I had to push back my vacation a day and extend it by a day. I was very upset when I called them and they were so nice on the phone. They also did not charge me for the first day cancellation. We got to the hotel and used valet parking (LOVED IT). My room was on the first floor facing ocean. But too close to the pool door. I went to the front desk and was told to come back the next day when guests checked out. They gave me an awesome room on the 8th floor (Executive Suite) an upgrade for sure. The ocean was beautiful the pool was great. We were near so much to do. We even walked down to the Porterhouse restaraunt for dinner. The pool bar was expensive $7.99 a drink. So we walked out to the pier where drinks were $5.99. Every room had a list stating what the $10 resort fee included. There were things going on every day. They slide a flyer under your door letting you know whats going on. The sales pitch we did receive the first day we said we were not interested and they left us alone. In fact I went back to the girl giving the sales pitch and got directions to the mall. She was very friendly and helpful. I loved this hotel and will definatly return.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jasonandjorie
<Content>Total Dump Very disappointed with our room. Terribly outdated decor, filthy bathroom, carpet, and curtains. Non-smoking room with a strong smoke stench and ashtrays by the beds...go figure! Also, the windows were so dirty we could hardly see out of them. TV's very old and bad reception. Right next to the elevators is a desk with staff constantly harassing you to attend some sales pitch....and they are very aggressive. You have no choice but to walk by them several times a day and try to avoid eye contact! I could go on, like about how the pools were closed for an entire day without an explanation, but one last word of advice. Avoid Mexico Bravo restaurant across the street. Descent food but they ripped us off on our bill by not honoring the drink special that they had posted outside. They admitted they had used poor English and were misleading us, but still wouldn't fix our bill and were very rude!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s6677
<Content>Only for family I had business to do in Miami, but wanted to take advantage of a few afternoons at the beach. I usually stay in South Beach, but was looking for a quieter, less expensive place to stay (6 nights) The reviews and price of this hotel, as well as the beach right on location attracted me. When I arrived, I had to explained to 4 different staff members (all on different occasion) why I wasn't interested in their free cruise, free trip to Vegas and other promotion. Very annoying, a simple no thank you wasn't enough for them. They also charge an extra 10.00$ Resort fee every day, which is not part of the room rate you get. The room itself was clean, bed was confortable and the view of the beach and ocean (additional cost) was very nice. But I must say that the room looked very cheap, with flashy orange, blue and green huge curtains (with matching bed covers!), fish-lamps, palm trees images on walls, etc. Just very ugly, unfortunately : (The breakfast buffet was very good, at a reasonable price (well, for an hotel!) This hotel was not a very good choice for my needs, as the internet connection was intermittent and difficult to get. The location, beside being right on the beach, is very boring, along a big boulevard with nothing much to do around. This place is great for family, but wouldn't recommand it if you are a couple or by yourself.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	-1	1	

<Author>bostonsightsee
<Content>Beachside yes, resort no The valet staff was very friendly and handled the cars in a timely manor. However, two of the nights I was there the valet was full and I had to park across a highway. Although it was not that big of a deal, I feel that the valet personnel should have parked the cars there themselves considering one of the nights it was pouring outside. On my way into Miami my flight was delayed until the following day due to snow. I spoke with THREE different people regarding my room reservation and I was assured by all of them there would not be a problem. However, it took me 20 minutes to check in when I arrived because my reservation could not be found and when it was they did not have the correct information. I supposed to have a non smoking room but there were ashtrays in the room and it smelled of stale smoke (just because a hotel does not put matches in the ashtray does not make the room non-smoking). The lighting in the room was terrible (only two small lamps) and it was difficult for me to get my work done (as well as find things in my suitcase). The entire time I was there the vending machines were out of water bottles and if the coffee shop was closed you are out of luck. Three machines in the gym were out of order and it was apparent why. Each time I would visit the gym, there would be kids banging and hanging on the weights and cardio machines. However, the common areas were really nice. I was delighted to see the beach front and pool side luxuries. The staff that runs the children's games were getting the kids involved and it looked like they were having a good time which was refreshing. I also liked that there is a shuttle that goes to South Beach for a cheap fee. The little coffee shop was also helpful and useful for me seeing that I need a good cup of coffee in the morning.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	2	3	1	

<Author>lawofficer
<Content>horrible experience the hotel is horrible, it is dirty and overpriced, they charge for everything, the rooms were filthy and barely cleaned. The staff was extremely rude and that included the front desk and the concierge. The hallsways looked like they were never cleaned. The hotel needs to fire all of its staff and hire new people. It also needs to do improvements on the outside and inside. Will never stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>la_gang_R
<Content>Great 3 Star! Family Friendly...Just don't ask the concierge               More photos  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>have2tan
<Content>Awesome Resort Stayed at the newport last weekend.. What a great time we had there ... took our 2 teenagers and they also loved it.... hotel was nice, beach was nice, room was nice.....we stayed in the 2 bedroom sweet, had plenty of room... overlooked the pool and ocean just as they described...beautiful view... could hear the poolside music playing from poolside during the day when we were in our room sounded so relaxing... didn't spend much time in the room though as the pool and beach were to die for.... there was always someone there to wait on you whether you were poolside or laying on the beach... ate mostly at the hotel.. food was good enough that we did not have to search out other places... if you have never been to miami and are wondering if the ocean will be teal blue like you see in the pictures.. the answer is yes,yes,yes... ocean was breat htaking....we will definately go back SOON.. and stay at the newport..very affordable and all the staff was very friendly and helpful... oh yeah and the pool water was warm... tiki bar by the pool opens everday at 11:00 a.m...great margaritas and hurricanes.. GREAT GETAWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SINCERLEY ,FREEZING IN IOWA .....................  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neveragainPA
<Content>scared to go back My son was brutally beat up at the hotel and there was no one there that would help him. They do have security cameras but apparently they do now work.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>f2rock
<Content>not a great vacation First the hotel needs a renovation. The elevator mirror was cracked, the pies were dirty and the outside of the building was starting to deteriorate. Room service got our orders wrong and late on numerous times. Plus do not forget you are paying $10 additional a day for using the resort but are not told what that includes. I did not know I could use the piers or get a lounge chair or other useful things that would have made my stay more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GazKaz
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location, Great Beach       View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>TSTEP1868
<Content>If you plan to stay at the Newport, Please read this first! Wow, I don't know how this hotel/resort is still in business. Especially in the location where they are. My step-father and mother (who live part time in the area) invited the entire family down for the Christmas break to stay through New Years. At first we had reserved two 2-bedroom suites. One for my brother (who was coming down a day eailer) and One for my family. When my brother arrived, they had already given away both of our rooms with no explanation why. Instead of his room, they gave him two 1 bedroom rooms, which didn't work out so well because of his small children. They also gave us two 1-bedroom rooms which were suppose to be side by side. My step-father had everything arranged so that when we arrived all we had to do is pick up the room keys at the front desk. When we arrived they had already given our second room away AGAIN!. And again had no explantation why. After three days my brother finally got his 2 bed suite, and we never got the room that was originally booked, or two rooms side by side which made our trip very unpleasant. The beds where hard as rocks, the made surface what horrible, and it took us two days to get a TV remote that was missing out of our room. Also, we were not the only ones having trouble, almost everyone in the hotel at that time had some kind of complaint. If you are going to stay in the area, they are much nicer and less expensive hotels without all the hassel. The only good thing I can say for this resort is that there are plently of things for the kids to do, but of course it costs extra.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>tennisplayerpro
<Content>Lobby Renovations are beautiful and FINISHED! So glad the lobby renovations are complete. At first it was such an inconvenience during the fall, but now in december that the upgrades are finished we truly appreciate the beautiful open and bright lobby. My family has always enjoyed the magnificent wide beach area. So many places have these small beach areas which are so crowded. There is so much room for the kids to play. My husband and son love the fishing pier. So many of the affordable hotels have been knocked down and replaced with these unaffordable towering hotels with high rates, especially a challenge for a family. Thank you Newport for the renovations, its so much more of a pleasurable stay.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sessy
<Content>Service lacking We booked one night accommodation for mid November and arrived early (~8am) having just hopped off a cruise ship. We expected not to be able to check in, and just wanted to drop our bags off. What we didn't expect was the brisk too early for check in! we got upon walking up to the front desk, without a hello, or good morning. We left our bags, and arrived back at about 3.30 pm only to be told that our fully prepaid reservation would not be honoured because another guest had decided to stay an extra night. Newport paid for us to stay at another resort at Hollywood Beach which we were thoroughly disappointed with, and told us they would refund our prepayment. They also offered to pay for our transport to that resort (we had no car), but the money they gave did not cover the taxi fare.When we arrived home I set about trying to get our prepaid reservation back and Newport were unhelpful with this (presumably because it was booked through a 3rd party). Perhaps they can't assist, but if this is the case, I'd prefer to have been told. The refund has not yet been credited.At no point were we offered an apology for the inconveniences we incurred.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kyleigh
<Content>Under renovations Arrived here after a red eye from South America. It was 7:30 am and I knew there was a good chance my room wouldn't be ready. It wasn't, so they gave me a free voucher for their buffet breakfast, and told me that it would be most likely only 30-45 minutes before a room would be ready. The breakfast was pretty good. Nothing gourmet but it had an omlet bar, waffle bar, fresh fruit, eggs, bacon, sausage, etc. The service was very good. The room was not ready until 9:30. When I got to the room, the whole floor (4th) was under renovations. I think it will be quite nice when it is done. The room was nothing special. The bathroom floor had not been cleaned. The hotel has a nice beach, a decent pool, and is within walking distance to other restaurants. Overall, not a bad place to stay if the rate is good. I got it for $50 through hotwire, which seemed like an excellent value.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>aknoth
<Content>Our Favorite Place to Stay in Miami ! My husband and I stayed at the Newport Nov 17th thru 24th and also visited same time last year. We absolutely love it there ! I will say that we were excited to see that they were in the process of making some renovations. Yes, the rooms are a bit dated, but no complaints about our room's cleanliness. Maid service was excellent and they were very friendly. The only downside to our visit was that Miami set record cold temps for that time of year. The hotel made every effort to make the guests stay a positive one in spite of the cold weather. They provided roundtrip shuttle service one day to South Beach for only $5 per person. They moved the Bar and Recreational Activities inside. We also found an excellent restaurant during our stay this year. It is located across from the hotel in the shopping complex behind CVS Pharmacy. It's called San Telmo. It's an Argentine Steakhouse with some of the best food I have ever tasted. We look forward to our stay at the Newport again next year !!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GRShafer
<Content>A mixed bag We stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort three nights midweek in early November. Made reservations online after reading reviews on this site and shopping a bit. Ended up paying about $110 per night (plus the hidden charges).The ups: Newport Beachside is on the beach and is obviously trying to keep the place clean and up to date. The lobby was being remodeled and there were maintenance men in our hallway almost every time we came or left. They were painting and fixing all day every day. The location is nice, the rooms are small but neatly furnished and we were 'upgraded' to an ocean view balcony on the fourth floor as the very polite desk clerk said our room was not ready at check in time on Tuesday afternoon. We liked the rate, even with the hidden charges. The room had a microwave, fridge, sink, and nice place to sit and eat with two stools.The downs: First, Parking is $10.00 per day and the lot is across an incredibly busy street that you have to wait forever to cross. It's quite a walk to the lot. You can pay $15 per day and get a valet, but then you wait forever to get your car. The downs: Second, while checking in we were told that there was an additional $8 per day resort fee. This was hidden and now what do you do when you are checking in. That hidden charge is dishonest, and we will not go back as a result. They should include it in the room rate or make it optional. There was also a phone tax (we never used the phone) that was hidden. This may become a common practice, but we will not stay at places which do it.The downs: Third, little things like the fact that the bathtub takes half an hour to drain, that there is no vent in the bathroom, that the tub would not fill (only the shower worked), that one of the TV remotes would not work (no big deal), and that the neighbors party could be heard thru the walls every night until 1:00 a.m. or so. Not good!The conclusion: As the property is obviously older (a dozen stories surrounded by buildings three times as tall) and as the combination of inconvenience and hidden charges turned us off, we will look elsewhere next time. I would say that if you can't find something on the beach for the same price, the Newport is a pleasant enough place to stay. They are trying, but just haven't quite done the job yet.D  G  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cakmxk26
<Content>Exactly what we were looking for We just returned from the Newport Beachside Report on Nov 17th and we were there for four nights. We took our 17 month old with us and chose the hotel because of the child friendly reviews we saw on Trip Advisor. We had a two bedroom suite with a pool/partial ocean view.The hotel was very nice and the staff was friendly. As you would expect in most areas of Florida the facilities were a little dated but the hotel is doing a great job with renovations to update the look and feel. We were upgraded to a two bathroom suite upon check-in and our room was great - exactly what was promised based on the hotel description. Close to malls, restaurants, airports (both FLL and Miami) etc so very convenient location.Pools were warm and clean and the kids pool (where we spent most of our time) was excellent. At this time of year you do only get the morning for direct sunlight but you can move to the beach and easily find sun.The beach was beautiful and there was a playground and trampoline for the kids. We didn't spend too much time here as our daughter didn't like to walk in the sand but note that you do have to rent cabanas on an hourly/daily basis.Overall we were pleased with the Newport Beachside Resort and would definitely return. Given proximity to amenities we may not bother renting a car next time as you do have to pay for parking at the hotel - $15/day valet or $10/day self park across the road. Not that it's the daily parking fee that bothers us but the rental car basically just sits there. Might be better to use a cab from the airport and then bus to the mall if you want to go.Make sure your expectations are right for this hotel before you go and you'll have a great time.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>dutch74
<Content>Disappointed with hotel I was very unhappy with this resort. I saw that there was a very small area of beach, all the buildings are standing right over you. I didn't like the hotel cleanliness. The towels I used caused my face and chest to break out into red blotches. I also didn't like the construction noise at 7 o'clock at night. I paid 10 dollars for parking. The next day when I checked out, they tried to charge me for parking,, Again. There are far better places in Miami than here, do some looking around, but don't stay here.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>LDYHARLEYRIDER
<Content>Dirty hotel and lousy staff The only thing good about this hotel is the beach was clean. The hallways smell of urine and the rooms are dirty and smell of mold. Drapes and bedspreads all had holes in them. The staff is not helpful in anyway they have an I DONT CARE ATTITUDE. The hotel has alot of senior meetings going on and they have priority over the paying guests. The staff one night moved all the cars and didnt mark were they put them, so we all had to go looking for are cars the next day all in different parking lots and garages. You would think this would be the hotel responsabilty but wasnt. Also still was charged parking fees. For two days in a row there were a group of adults drinking and very rowdy. making everyone stay at the pool misarable. Several of us went and complained and were told nothing they can do about. On the 3rd day a fist fight broke out with 3 of the same men in the group and the police were called by one of the guests NOT the STAFF. They were finally asked to leave. Dont waste your money in this hotel there are alot of nicer cleaner hotels for the same price. DO YOUR HOMEWORK when choosing  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Florida727
<Content>Great location Good location for beach get away. Walking distance to several restaurants and shopping. Pool and beach bars are fun. Pool is shaded in the afternoon, but no problem, just walk down the steps to the beach. Staff is friendly and let you enjoy yourself. Lobby was being remodeled, but should be finished by now. Rooms were much smaller than they appear on the website, not a problem if you don't intend to use the murphy bed in the suites, if you do, it is a bit cramped. Ocean views are great.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>manny1234
<Content>Noice! This hotel was the noicest that we've been to in a long time. When we got to the hotel, we were quickly taken up to our room with polite staff. Becase our original room smelled of smoke, we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite. The beach was gorgeous, and the huts were VERY convienent (although you had to fight over the best ones aka hut 4). The pool was shaded during the afternoon, but the beach was so gorgeous that it didn't matter. There was a delicious poolside resturant that brought you food on the beach. There was also a breakfast buffett that was VERY expensive and sucked. Although the hotel is very close to South Beach and Ft. Lauderdale, there is nothing to do around the hotel at night. Get a car! The decor was old, but the rooms were clean even though we saw a roach shimmy across our bedroom floor on the last night. Overall, our stay at the Newport Beachside Resort was a success, and we will definatlly be coming back next year!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ria4Pack
<Content>Pay the Money for a Nicer hotel! The checkin staff was very unfriendly, did not make us feel welcome. There was construction in hotel lobby, as well as going on in nearby hotels - which translated into a LOT of noise which really disturbed us while we were trying to relax on the beach. We were also bothered by the activity director at the pool walking around the beach using a megaphone to recruit people for a volleyball tournament! When we made it to the room, it was clean as far as we could tell, however the bedding wasn't exactly fresh or new looking, pretty worn down. The blinds in the room were broken and missing in some spots, so there was harsh sun in the morning. Also, on the first day, we changed in the public bathrooms in the lobby b/c our room wasn't ready and we wanted to hit the beach - ALL of the toilets in the ladies room were clogged - not necessarily the hotel's fault, but does show that they have no one monitoring their restrooms or their cleanliness.To sum it up - if you're thinking about this hotel for budget reasons, keep in mind you will get what you pay for, which is not much, and is far from a relaxing or comforting experience. If you're not going to be at the hotel very much on your trip, then you might not care about the things that bothered us.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Mandys44
<Content>Loved It! So i spent our Canadian Thanksgiving weekend ( October 5-9th )at this resort in Miami for Miami Carnival....after a long flight and trouble with the car rental company we finally reached the hotel. So we checked in settled into our hotel room just to find out that we had no microwave..(all rooms are supposed to have a microwave) went down to complain they gladly switched us to a bigger room (no view though). Let me just tell you that the beach is gorgeous...during the day it is just poeple from the resort on the beach and chairs are provided. The staff at the resort are extremly friendly. The only complaint was the $10.00 per day parking across the street... it's a hassle when you are going in and out of the hotel. The bar by the pool is kins of a rip off its about 10 bucks for a frozen drink...but you get to keep the glass. Well i went with my two sisters and did we have fun...if the parking were cheaper i would have given an excellent. If you order Pizza only order from Papa Johns across the street...the no name pizza shop that delivers to the hotel sucks. Thats about it...hope i helped!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Stacylynn24
<Content>Nice Hotel, Slow Service My friend and I had a wonderful time at this resort. The accomodations are beautiful and you can't ask for a better ocean view. The food at the hotel restaurants was delicious and fulfilling. Our only gripe about the location is the service in the restaurants. We were not aware that tip was included in the bill. We finished our breakfast, left a tip on the table and went up to pay. When we were made aware the tip was included, not a minute had passed, the tip I had left on the table was gone. We noticed because an 18% tip was included, the service was very slow. We would wait 5 or 10 minutes for someone to great us, then another 5 or 10 minutes for drinks. If we asked for anything, we knew it would be another 10 minutes before getting it. It's a wonderful hotel, but be aware the tip is included and service is slow.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Homeboynot
<Content>Nice Place We got this hotel through a Priceline bid of $60 which translates to about $70 a night. That's a good price for a hotel along Miami Beach IMHO. Parking across the street is an extra $10 a night. Local calls are free but (here's a first) calls to 800 numbers are a dollar each. Internet is about $10 a night or three days for $23 or $50 a month. We just used someone's uncencrypted wi-fi for free. We arrived at the hotel about 7 AM after a red-eye flight into Ft. Lauderdale and the hotel was kind enough to let us into our room immediately. Our room was very large and included a microwave and large frig (which was a bit too noisy). No ocean view at this price but that was OK. The hotel is right on the beach, the staff was very friendly and they had quite a few free entertainment events including bingo. They are remodeling the lobby and some of the rooms but that wasn't a problem. I've noticed that Priceline often books us into hotels that are being remodeled - after a successful Priceline bid.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>travelnutHK
<Content>Credit Card Fraud by Hotel Staff When I made the hotel reservation online through hotels I used my business credit card and did not have any problem. However when I checked out I used a new credit card received only two weeks earlier to pay for the valet parking and resort charge, about $23.00. I only used this new card once, at this resort hotel. I did not lose the card nor use it since that trip so there was only the one $23.00 charge on it. Last week someone ran the card to the limit with various online websites and I was contacted by the Capitol One fraud department who is investigating. Obviously the desk staff at the hotel stole my credit card information when I checked out and passed in onto the criminals who were making the charges.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>zippy700
<Content>Nice family hotel with a great beach       Newport Resort Sep 30 2006  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fylist
<Content>a bid disappointment only stay if you have nowhere else to go. my comforter and shower curtin was very nasty .I complained and security bought me a cleaner one, and left the nasty on outside of my room until the next day.beware of hidden charges.front desk gave me a paper stating parking is $5.00 I was charged $10.00.I stayed 3 days my room was never cleaned only my trash taken out and i received towels daily.I was afraid the sleep in the bed so I chose the chair.most of the staff was friendly .my bed was never made by staff although my room was cleaned daily ( yeh right)I tried to call front desk about my complaints no anser.on my way down stairs my arm was caught in the elevator ,the door closed just as fast as it opened. I advised the guy at front desk. he stated iam sorry and started talking to someone else just ignored me.now that customer service.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hallasjo
<Content>Sweden We have a realy nice time att New Port hotel in July and we will send our best wishes to the stab (emploey) specielle to Sandra in the restaurangOverall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday and I am extremely fussy!and we will never forgett all the funny ganes for adults and children at poolsideThanks to all of you for a fantastic week in July 2006Family Hallasjo in Sweden  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>borri
<Content>A good hotel for it's price but....... We stayed at the hotel the whole month off Juli , for the third time in three years and are satisfied with the service though the hotel needs updating but you cannot expect for these ratings you get a six star hotel ....be reasonable ! People are complaining over small thing's ....not clean .. staff is rude ..to far away from South Beach . We as a family travelled throughout Europe and many country's in the world and have seen worse hotels than this ...after all is'nt it those customers who leave there garbage behind at the pool or at the beach ? As for the pier it is closed due to the hurricane last year ...So what ! You still have the beautiful CLEAN beach ( it gets cleaned up every morning and raked ) . The staff are doing there very best , good food in Mama Bella's at a reasonable price , try to aviod eating on the Pier the food is average , table's aren't cleaned up and the service suck's .Try out the Gourmet Buffet across the street , good service good price.As for the resort fee and parking fee you should know that when you book your vacation with your travel agent . The activities at the hotel are great and lots off fun for the kids , every monday evening they have an auction in the lobby ( some off the items ... valet parking , jet ski tickets , tiki huts offers get auctioned ) so you can get a great discount on the valet parking !!The pool bar is great to have a snack or a cocktail in the evening when you want to chill out . The staff is great especially Frank Rizzo great guy good service and we had many laugh's together . As for the rooms there clean ,need updating ok but youre not on vacation to spend a week in your room right . I recommend this hotel for this price to anyone , great location , nice beach , great staff and a busstop right infront off the hotel whome will take you to dowtown Miami Or South Beach . I will be back next year enjoying my vacation , thank 's to the staff (George at the breakfast , Rosanna , and especially the guy's from the valet parking , Jaime,Julien,Carlos and Mister Roland the Bell captain ) Thank's guy's and see you next summer !  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bmorechick
<Content>Great value!       Poolside View  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jwindsorball
<Content>Newport The good and bad We stayed for a week at this hotel and had mixed feelings.The location is great. It has a wonderful beach with lots of fun things for a family (ex. Trampoline and Playground on the beach) As a parent it's great to sit in a lawn chair, soaking up the sun and watch your kids play.We had an oceanfront room with a balcony and it was a wonderful view every morning. Although,The room was pretty run down. Worn furniture and carpets. The bathrooms(we had two in our room) were very roomy and we even had a jetted tub. As for the crowd, it was mixed. There were a lot of families and there were a lot of college students . The college student were pretty quiet and respectful so I had no issue with having so many student there. Although, every night there were some interesting smells drifting down the hall ; )The food was so so. We ate in the italian restaurant twice and the cafe numerouse times and the food was mediocre.I would rate this hotel as a glorified Best Western. Would I return...For the money we spent, i would pick a different hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>southwestmarti
<Content>Wonderful vacation We recently returned from a stay at the Newport Beach Hotel and had to write about our terrific vacation there. The staff was friendly and helpful, the restaurant a pleasantly good surprise, and the lovely room and beach view memories will last a long time. I highly recommend this beautiful property!M. BurchScottsdale, Arizona  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>digit90
<Content>Hot We were there during spring break....a little far nort of south beach....but still alot of college kids....my group had a good time the hotel is awesome.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JPMSH
<Content>Great customer service, best value Newport beachside staff made our stay the best, the hotel is right on the beach and very close to miami beach and Aventura mall, although the hotel is not brand new, the price, service and location makes it the best value for the money  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>88gg
<Content>Above average value They had overbooked what I reserved, so we got a free upgrade to the 1-BR suite. It was very clean and nice. The placehas a great gym and a couple of pool tables which we enjoyed.If you're looking for good beach waves, you won't find themat this beach however--Atlantic looked like a lake pretty muchthe whole five days. Also, if you are WASPy, don't expect tosee many/any folks like you here, but this is just Miamibeaches in general, not just this place. Also, expect topay $16/day for parking and resort fee in addition to therest. But they try to offer lots of activities to keep you busy.We played bingo a couple of times. (Also, unless you choosethe more expensive valet parking, you will have to park acrossthe street, which is pretty busy.)  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisGoingSouth
<Content>Mold in the Miami's Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort My experience with the Newport Beachside Miami was not very good.I was charged a parking fee even though I had no car (I complained and it was removed). I wasn't aware of a $8 mandatory resort fee, which is not mentioned anywhere until it shows up on your bill ( I did not have the time to use the pool or any of the resort options). I found the front desk to be unfriendly and the rooms are definitely not very clean. But the BIG problem was mold in the ceiling of the bathroom. That was really, really disgusting. We have allergies in my family and I was concerned.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>casacampo
<Content>dissapointed I was dissapointed with this Hotel. I felt that it could be cleaner.the sheets on the bed were not pressed and crispyNo full lenght mirror in the roomThe staff was cold and unfriendlythe computer in the lobby for guest use for a fee, was out of service the entire weekendI did Not enjoy my stay at your Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missrobin39
<Content>newport a little too north First of all, I thought that the Newport Beachside Resort was a great value. The one-bedroom suite was more than enough space for myself and two other women. The fridge and microwave were a huge plus (Vegas, take note). The decor could use some updating. Perhaps all of the new luxury accomodations that are sprouting like wildflowers will get them to spruce things up. When we arrived (Aug. 18), all of the beaches in Sunny Isles were off limits for swimming in the ocean because of contamination. Not the hotel's fault, but the pool was consequently overrun with jumping, splashing, screaming children since no one could swim in the ocean. I think that the hotel should have provided some supervision for the pool so the people that did not have children could enjoy the pool as well. The beach was clean, and there was plenty of shade for the free beach chairs.Note to anyone seeking hot nightlife: South Beach is an expensive ($45 cab) or long (1 hour on bus) away!!!!!! If you don't mind paying or riding with Miami's finest, go for it. After two nights of the commute, we were worn out/broke. My sister and friend left after the weekend, so I was on my own. I had a nice routine of going to the beach, reading, eating lunch, etc. for the rest of my stay. The Newport is perfect for that. I wish the hotel had a small nightclub for the single and childless.The hotel is fairly clean, and most of the staff were nice. The concierge was not the greatest. I think I could have been more helpful. In summation, I would stay here to relax for a few days, and then stay in South Beach to party.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mjnails
<Content>Overall Good Deal We stayed at Newport from Aug 12th through the 17th. For a 2 bedroom suite with a balcony and jaccuzzi the price was right, under $1,000....how can you beat that? Yes, the decor needs some updating, the couch was really bad, but the washrooms were clean and our housekeeper was very attentive, as were we when leaving a tip for her extra services. I had called ahead regarding the smoky rooms to be told if the need be they would send in a room cleaner when we arrived, there was no smell in the room, or on the furniture....so that made me happy and no room cleaner was needed. We checked in early :). The beds in the suite were some of the best beds I have slept on in a long time and I travel about 12 times a year. The beach is beautiful and I think the person who said it was an ashtray, was at the wrong beach....I had commented many times at how clean the beach was, I would sit on the balcony in the morning drinking my coffee and watched them rake clean the beach....my family truly enjoyed all aspects of the beach. The pool, it could have been clearer, but we only dipped twice, as we enjoyed the ocean. Some of the staff was rude, but there were others that made up for them....and then some. We didn't watch Spanish soap opera's in the lobby, we played cards two nights down there for hours, we watched a baseball game one night and some music awards the other night....that was the only drawback in our room, no table to play cards on. The salon....that has a lot to be desired, they need to brush up on their cleanliness, I went for a manicure/pedicure and reflexology, although the nail tech gave a decent service, the reflexology 25 minute session, save your money, or just go for that, so you can monitor the time. Over all, I think I would stay there again if I were going to do what we did, just hang out and lay on the beach.....my husband and I were looking forward to doing nothing and relaxing, that is what we did. My daughter and 2 nephews enjoyed the sun and the beach and the marine life we encountered while enjoying the ocean. Momma Bella's has some of the best Italian food I have eaten in a long time...they need to stick with that, their Asian night.....well lets just say stick with the Italian. We did eat at the Mexican place in the strip mall behind the CVS and it was good, I thought a little over priced. Also, there is a place just beyond the CVS, called Porterhouse very good food and the prices are great.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	4	3	5	

<Author>bettyfaes
<Content>Great experience at Newport This was my first trip to Florida with my family and we had an amazing experience at the Newport Beachside Resort. The kids had lots of activites to do and the pool area was very kid friendly and ejoyable. The beach was beautiful -- much larger than I had expected! I liked the shops and restaurants in the hotel (loved the cappucino bar) and it was conveniently located to different areas around Miami. A great value for a great hotel. I hope to be able to return to the Newport for another vacation.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Solo2
<Content>Have a Timeshare here..But, alas, the Service is Not What It Once Was I've been going to this hotel since Westgate also owned it (so, I'd say, 5-6 years of one-week summer vacations). Throughout the years, I must say the quality of the hotel has deteriorated. During my stay this year, we had to pay the maintenance staff extra money to not overlook our room (as they did a few times). Most of the staff is very rude--we even had a vaccuum cleaner thrown into our room when we asked maintenance for one. The prices in the hotel were ridiculously high. $2 for Sprite (at a machine) and $1.67 inside the coffee shop. However, I'll forgive them for this because they are a hotel. The Newport Pier had an excellent bar/restaurant combination (the burgers are amazing and the prices are alright). However, the food inside the hotel is less than satisfactory. The only places worth going to were the Subway and Einstein, Bros. across the street (there's also a Mexican restaurant and an Argentinan grill, but the wait was around 30-50 minutes, the food mediocre at most, and all very expensive) and a sandwich shop if you walk far, far down the street. For entertainment, you must find another place after 10 pm. There is a small room in the lower level with two pool tables and two ping pong tables that is fun (but closes at 10 pm). However, the staff has not bothered to repair a broken radio there or the air hockey table. Additionally, the room is almost completely made out of carpet and smells like dirty carpet and humidity. This room, called The Jungle Room was once a club 6 years ago. The bar is still there, but is closed down. However, the floor inside the bar is still sticky with I don't know what (my kid crawled in because she was trying to have fun). During the day, there is always the beach and the pool (by the way, the man who rated the hotel and said the pool had to be evacuated on July 4th because there was feces in there was completely right. I was staying with my aunt that week and I laughed when it happened...I'm too accustomed to Newport being sub-par.)The rooms...smell almost as bad as the Jungle Room. One of my pillows had a strange stain on it and the mattress smelled strange. Also, there curtains to cover the windows were broken (so light still shone through) and you can hear everything that goes on outside and within your room. And please don't walk around barefoot--your feet will be black in an hour. Other than that, the rooms have a good space and are pretty good-looking.All in all, I was very disappointed in how expensive everything was, with the cleanliness of the hotel, and with the laziness and rude remarks of the staff. If that's not a problem with you and all you want is a quiet vacation at the beach, go ahead. However, I wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>betsyjohnson
<Content>Great hotel right on the beach The Neport Resort is a great hotel and offers great value. I do admit, the hotel needs renovations, lobby furniture and carpets are a bit dated, room furniture also is dated and in our room the couch did not match. But once you take a look outside, all your worries are...gone. The staff at the hotel makes up for the old look, EVERYONE was so helpful, housekeeper did a great job and front desk staff was great (though busy) we stood in lines many times just to ask one question, but they were very helpful. The activities program is great, believe me with 3 kids (ages 3-10) we needed some relaxation time, kids love the activity manger that made all the activities so much fun...alll being said, it is a great hotel for the price paid, just understand that it does need a bit of work.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dshbq6
<Content>READ THIS REVIEW -- its all true. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Newport from the 16th to the 19th and let me say -- for the both of us -- that we loved it. I am one to overplan -- and I did so by reading all of the reviews I possibly could on this place. As i kept reading i grew weary. There were reports of the hotel being overbooked (so I called twice to confirm-no problems), dirty and smelly (not at all either), small rooms (I got the standard and it was a good size), bad service (some ups and downs but you'll realize its just miami in general), and bad location (north beach is very beautiful and just a hop and skip away from the noisy but fun south beach). So I didn't know what to expect - like I told my boyfriend we went because we got a fantastic deal through travelocity. Boy did we hit the jackpot. We found ourselves surrounded by great people from all over the world on a beautiful beach with its own pier and a large heated swimming pool -- none of which was overcrowded. There was live music, wine seminar, beach chairs -- need I say more? The weather was predicted to be rainy but on sunny isles beach it was just that -- sunny, all day everyday. Mama Bellas is a great way to start your stay - you can see the chefs cook and wait at the bar, the spaghettie was great. Just make sure you get seated. Pelican's Pier is also good - the service is slow, but the fish and chips is to die for and you get a show of seagulls diving for food. The breakfast was pricey so we went to einsteins. A really great thing about newport is it is right by the bus stops - S or H to south beach. S says downtown, but it goes all the way down to lincoln which is where you wanna be. And a lot of your shopping can be done inside the hotel- the jewelry store owned by an exquisite lady named bootsie is affordable and has some great items. It also has two other souveneir shops where we got some nice things. All in all we couldn't have asked for more in a hotel and miami is just the place to go! Him and I are adventurers and I would never have thought we'd actually go somewhere twice - but we're already trying to figure out when we can go again to the Newport Beachside Resort!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TplusP
<Content>Do better I booked this place because I believed it had a trampoline and climbing bubble to keep the kids busy. Neither was operational and the pier was closed, so the kids were bored. The food is on par with IHOP and Denny's if that is your style. (Bagel shop and Papa John's pizza in a mini-mall up the street were the place to go, but who wants to spend their vacation in a mini-mall?) People throw their cigarettes and garbage directly on the beach and the clean up crew does their best to avoid doing any labor. The beach is an oversized ashtray for all the people too lazy to throw their own trash and cigarette butts away. (I actually had a pizza box float by me while in the water.) The staff is definitely the laziest staff I saw in my entire 2 week stay (covering four hotels.) You never saw people work so hard at doing so little. (Note to management: fire lazy workers!!) Racial politics probably explains why some people give this place a good review and others do not. The music is rap, and the t.v. in the lobby is tuned to a Spanish soap opera, and there is bingo at night. If that's your cup of tea, go for it. But it is way too far to use as a jumping point for South Beach (with traffic and rain one day, it took an hour) so don't go on that premise. The apartment furnishings are so threadbare that the foam extended several inches out the torn upholstery. This place is definitely a low-grade hotel and without the trampoline and climbing wall, there was no reason to stay. We moved to an equally low grade hotel directly in South Beach and enjoyed the ammenities of a major hotel chain. (Plus, the public beach is cleaner than the private hotel beaches!!) Without the trampoline, climbing wall or pier, there is just no reason to stay here. The pool, however, was good.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Hotel - But some issues Positive Feedback: Nice hotel and room -- great view on beach with nice pool and daily entertainment. NEGATIVE feedback: When we (attempted) to check in on Sunday evening we were told that our room was given away! -- The hotel had overbooked and we were being sent to a hotel down the street for the night. We had made our reservations 2 months in advance and had a confirmation number. The next morning we were able to check into the Newport Beach Resort. We found this to be a huge inconvenient -- even for one night. During our stay over the 4th of July -- a huge family reunion stayed in the hotel. The pool was overly crowded and many of the rooms were filled beyond capacity. We could hear partying until 2am in the Executive Suite next to us. The (ADULT) pool had to be evacuated due to poop in the pool -- YES! POOP IN THE ADULT POOL - Gross! The bathrooms near the pool had been trashed (from the partying the night before). There were pool towels in the urinals and on the floor and beer bottles in the bathroom. We felt that we were experiening a hotel during Spring Break. This was particularly disheartening because we were on a family vacation with our 7 year old son. We booked this hotel because we thought it was a family hotel and resort. We did present our concerns to the manager on duty before we checked out and were given a discount in room rate because of the problems we experienced. There were several visiting families that we spoke to that had the very same concerns during that week.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fshoutdoors
<Content>Awesome hotel This is a great hotel. When we pulled up I was scared at how dated the hotel was and expected it ot be an awful night. We walked into the lobby and were very impressed with how clean and lively the place was. The room was clean and of good size with a view of the ocean. They had many activities going on for the kids and my son played football on the beach with others his age. We stayed at 2 other hotels during our week away and this was the best and the least expensive. I wish I had stayed longer here as I did not want to leave. You get value, clean rooms, great staff and excellent location all in one.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hafman99
<Content>Decent Place in North Miami Beach Our family 2 adults and 2 children put up at Newport Beachside Resort for two nights in May. Our room - a 2-bedroom unit - was on the 11th floor and the ocean view was spectacular! It's unfortunate that so much construction was taking place at the time we were staying as other rooms had obstructed views. As mentioned in previous reviews, the hotel is dated and doesn't seem to fit well in its surroundings. However, it was comfortable and for the quality and price ($129) of the accommodations, was well worth the expense. Yes, there is a resort fee ($8) as well as a parking fee ($8) as well as several other user fees, but where else in Florida are any of these amenities complimentary?? These fees are clearly documented on the hotel's website so those who have complained just haven't looked close enough. It is located approx 5 minutes from Bal Harbor, 15 minutes from South Beach and 20 minutes from Downtown Miami and Fort Lauderdale. The private beach was awesome as was the fishing pier and the poolside activities. Overall, we were very satisfied with our stay here and would definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newport Beach Resort- Great Hotel I just returned from my stay in Miami Beach at the Newport Beach Resort. What a great stay. Clean room. Large pool, good sized kids pool, pleanty of chairs. Beyond the pool, another 10 feet, the beach. What more can you ask for., Plenty of restauarnts in the area, safe to walk. Two problems I found. To check in or out, there should be a bank type line, you could be standing behind someone for 20 m inutes and the next person is there for 2 and gets taken ahead of you. The other, my room was susposed to be non-smoking which it wasn't and the room needed darkening curtains. Other than that, I would recomment this hotel to everyone.Mark  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Miami Again We just returned from a stay at Newport Beachside Resort , and not happy with the hotel or the area. The hotel charges you 18% gratuity on about everything- so the staff does not seem to care about how they treat you.- Breakfeast buffet at the hotel$12.95, but- after gratuity( for nothing) and tax then $17 for a medicore/nothing special meal, and only able to get 1 refill of a beverage. The eve/night staff at the hotel NOT very useful - called several times to get washclothes and never did recieve them, we had to call back in the morning and then we were able to get them. They could not answer any questions about the hotel and activities and services and did not know where to refer you. Parking was not convenient- the west lot was a block away, it rained a lot and so Valet was often full,parking was $8-12 plus tips per day. Then at checkout you are also charged an additional $8/day for a resort fee.The only thing you seem to get for the money is use of a chair on the beach, no cushions or use of the many huts, there would be a fee- as there was a fee for anything you would like to use out there.-You pay the resort fee whether you use anything at the resort or not, even seen one family with a hadicapped kid- decorating cookies- the staff told them they had enough and could not have any more cookies to frost, there were 3 in that family and they had 4 cookies, it was not busy and very few people were participating in this, just thought it was a sad thing to say to them. When you book your room through online travel services - you need to consider the extra $20 per day, as the staff smarts off about it when you check out that you now have to pay them a resort fee.The room itself was nice- housekeeping does very little during your stay- even if you ask for clean glasses in your room0 you probably will not get them. The South Beach area is very busy and parking is anout $15- if you can find a spot to park,Not much friendliness going on in Miami- I was very excited to go home- now i see why they call it Minnesote nice here!!! I did not consider this a vacation.Nothing was very nice about Miami or the area at all...They do not appreciate tourism her and you can tell by the way they treat everyone. they are not trying to get you to come back again. NEVER Miami again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yes Please! I just came back from Miami with three of my girlfriends. We stayed at the Newport for four nights, and it was more than we expected when we first saw it! I think the internet pics of the hotel are more flattering than hotel actually looks; but's it a great deal for how much you get. The decor in the hotel is very Golden Girls, which is very appropriate for the adult-only bingo games Newport hosts! The rooms are pretty clean and spacious (our room did not smell like somke). I would definetly say that this is more of a family resort. I went with three girlfriends of mine, and we're all in our early 20s, so we felt a little out of place at first. However, it worked out just fine! We went down to South Beach one night, and it was nearly a $50 cab ride~so, if you're looking for the club scene, this is not really the place to stay (unless you want to dish out $$$$). Because it is a family resort, later at night the private beach and bar (in the hotel) are nearly deserted, so it's easy to meet people and have a beach party (which the staff never hasseled us about)! My friends and i had ALOT of fun~more than you would think we could have at a family resort! The drinks are a bit pricy (what drinks aren't in miami?), but the bartenders do make very potent drinks, so that's good! The hotel ususally had live entertainment by the pool in the afternoon, along with alot of games/activities, such as wine tastings, bingo, late-night fishing, ect. The only slight complaint i have is the construction! One day it rained in the afternoon, so we were just trying to nap in our room, but the loud banging wasn't allowing it! We called the front desk, and they were happy to switch us to another room~ I think the staff really goes above-and-beyond to keep their guests happy! The staff there had tons of advice for us (we'd never been to miami, and didn't really know where everything was) on what to do, where to go, where to eat, ect. There is a bus stop near the hotel, if you're brave enough to take the city bus (we took the bus one day to the mall~my friends were happy to only spend $1.50, but i really would recommend just taking a taxi)! I just cannot say enough about the view this hotel offers! The beach truly is beautiful~the water is stunning, the beach is clean (and not crowded), and the tiki huts make it look like a postcard! I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel~it's great!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newport Beach- GREAT value and great location!! My husband and I stayed at the hotel for a week over Memorial weekend. This hotel is wonderful! It is actually located at Sunny Isles Beach so it's away from the hustle and bustle of busy Miami. The drive is only about 20 minutes to South Beach, and 20 minutes to Ft. Lauderdale. When we first pulled up, it looked questionable because it's older than it's brand new neighboring condos, but we were surprised how nice it was inside! Newport's beach is by far the best beach of the other resorts. The beach is wide and will accomodate lots of people. We were there on a holiday weekend and had no problems whatsoever finding a place on the beach. They have tiki huts for shade lovers for $10 a day rental, or you can rent an umbrella for $10 if you want to sit closer to the ocean. Even though we don't have children, the beach has lots of amenities for kids - basketball, a jumping air cushion, kiddie pool, staff has pool games for kids, etc. The pool area is very busy with kids, so the beach may be your style as it's more quite. The rooms are very nice, even though they are outdated. Bathrooms have been remodeled and are great. The views over the pool/ocean are very nice. All rooms are smoking rooms and I am very asthmatic to cigarette smoke but never smelled a thing in our room or from the other rooms. My only complaint which seems to be a trend here with other people is the daily resort fees. It's $8 a day to self park which is right across the street, or $12 to valet. Plus, $8 a day for resort fee. I don't know why they just don't charge $16 to the nightly cost, as they would still be competitive. Don't waste your money to valet. You'll end up waiting 10 minutes for your car anyway and you'll be expected to tip. The parking lot is right across the street and takes 2 minutes to get to your car. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. You can't beat the value, location, amenities and the cleanliness of the resort.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JOEWATERS
<Content>Best in Miami: Family Fun + Nearby Nude Beach = Incredible!!!!!!! We were a little apprehensive about staying at this hotel, for while most reviews praised the hotel, a few reviewers were less impressed. Well, my wife and I and our three children loved it! It was top-notch all the way considering the price. Per previous posts, we were aware that there are no non-smoking rooms and we did not want a smoky smelling room. Unfortunately, the room we received was very smoky smelling. We asked the front desk if we could try another room, and they complied and the next room had no smoky smell. Some reviews complained about the decor. Get real - it's not the Ritz, but the decor is just fine. The beds in our two room suite were great and the three TVs kept everyone happy.The activiity staff was great - there is so much going on, you feel like you are at a resort in Cancun. The kids got into all the bingo games by the pool and other games, and there were plenty of contests for the adults, too. Great way for kids to meet new friends, too. We won so many free drinks and breakfasts, it was unreal.Pool - awesome. Beach - incredible. Found out there is the most fantastic NUDE BEACH just 3/4 mile south of the hotel - Haulover Beach. While my mom and dad, who stayed in a room down the hall, watched our kids, I convinced my wife to walk down the beach and check Hauiover out. First time ever to a nude beach, and it was AWESOME! Nothing lewd about it - everyone very friendly, no gawkers, great concession stand, nude volleyball, clean restrooms. Take the walk or drive - just do it once in your life! We'll be back soon to the Newport - next summer with the kids, and in four months just my wife and I will be there for our anniversary as we split our time working on our new passion for an all-over tan at Haulover and relaxing by the pool and beach at the Newport. It doesn't get any better than that!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family resort for a good price I just spent 5 days at the Newport Beachside Resort with my family and we had a great time. I think while a little outdated in their deco (very miami circa 1985), the services and amenities were great and the price even better. I wanted a place where I could relax with my family and that's what we did. The beach is beautiful and we had a room overlooking the ocean which was nice at night to sit out and enjoy the view. The pool had tons of activities and it was very clean. The food wasn't spectacular at any of the retaurants but it wasn't horrible. There's a lot of other restaurant choices close by if you choose to leave the resort.Yes, there is construction around the area, but all of Florida is under construction! I highly recomend this place for a family looking for a good place to enjoy the beach and the pool , not for someone looking to go to Miami to party since it is a good 30 mins from South Beach. FYI- Valet parking is $12 not $18!!!! totally worth it....I would totally go back.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newport Beachside was Amazing I've just returned from a weekend stay at the Newport Beachside Hotel and I have to say, the resort was magnificent. The service was incredible, the weather was beautiful and the beach was amazing. It was so hot and busy in town that I couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel. The food was incredible, and the wait staff was very accommodating, helpful  polite. The pool is beautiful and the attendants were wonderful. My room was set up in a very welcoming way and I was very happy to be at the resort. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel/resort I've ever stayed at in Miami and I am extremely fussy and particular!!Thank you again for a wonderful weekend and I look forward to returning and recommending this hotel to all my friends  family.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run the other way!!!! Absolutely a pit.....Not a good thing to say. Peole are rude, they charge you for everything as in $18 a day to park and $8 a day service feeto use the pool and towels. Then, when you leave, they want YOU to strip the beds and tidy up the room before maid service comes. There is continuous construction on the hotel next door which wont be done for another year and the pier is boarded up so you cannot go out on it. The arcade is being renovated (the whole place needs it) and the pool is loud from 9 am to 11 pm. On the weekends, the general public takes over the beach and pool so it is very crowded.They are renting out rooms on floors that are still undergoing renovation and the workers strart hammering and drilling early. It is a single Diamond rating from AAA according to the plaque on the wall but should be a -2.DO NOT GO HERE!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NMT
<Content>Not too bad but it could be better I stayed there for 5 nights in earlier May. Nice location is right on the beach and very reasonable price. It is a very nice and clean beach. The hotel room is not dirty but I won say very clean since the hotel is old even they did remodel. Most staff are OK. I won say every staff is nice but at least they are helpful. If some of those can smile, that will be even better. That will be a nice hotel if (1)You are smoker. There is no non-smoking room. You may not smell much in the room but when people smoke next door and you have allergy to smoke you feel you live in a smoke chamber. I think it is a problem of their old ventilation system. In my case, the worst time was earlier in the morning and late before bed time when my neighbor was smoking ( I could see them smoking at the balcony and then moved inside). It really depends on your luck whether you have smoking neighbors. (2)You don have car. Unless you pay $18 valet parking per day, you need to walk across of the busy street (6 ?8 lanes) to get your car (still charge $8 per day). It is cumbersome because you need to U-turn to park since the parking is across of the street.(3)Don eat in their restaurant. They charged me twice the only day I ate there for Sunday brunch. One of the cashiers looked rude but the omelet cook and waitresses\waiters are nice. I think that is the cashier charged me twice. (4)Don have messy billing. As I said I found out they charged me twice at the restaurant when I checked out. The front desk told me to bring the statement over to the restaurant to verify it and then they gave me the credit back. They reprinted the statement and they did over credit so they had to reprint the statement again. After third try, I got a correct statement. However, when I came home, I found out they posted 2nd transaction on my credit card without my authorization. I called the hotel and talked to their manager and found the 2nd transaction is not in the system but he said he will give me the credit back. However, next day he had another guy called me and left me message. The statement I signed was incorrect and I didn pay for all resort fees yet so they have to charge me again because they found out later. Unbelievable! (5)Don stay on Saturday night and don check in late. When I made reservation, I checked and made sure there are at least 2 beds (or 1 bed with sofa bed) in every room since I have a boy. However, when I checked in very late on Saturday night (I called 6 hours before I get there and make sure there was a room available), I found out there is only 1 bed in my room. I talked to the front desk and he said somebody lied to me about that and hotel was full so he could not do anything about it and told me to ask them again tomorrow to move in different room. I did and eventually I moved in different room and faced part of the ocean. However, it was horrible first night since some teens stayed across of my room and had party till 5 am so they opened and closed door frequently and knocked on the door once a while and I could heard some bodies might get drunk and talked very loud. It only happened on that Saturday night. After I moved to different room, I didn have the problem but faced smoker for a few days.(6)Don have hidden charges. I made reservation through Orbitz so most people expect prepay all fees but they charged $8 resort fee  $8 parking per day. I had no surprise since I did some research so I saw complaints about that but I saw other guest surprised when they checked out. I don know why they don include $16 in the price because their price is still competitive by adding $16 per day. The hidden charge will only leave them bad reputation. Sounds Orbitz doesn include all the fees in the price since I don see Expedia customer complained about it. When I called Orbitz to find out how much resort fee they charge and they said $5 per day but when I got there and they said $8. I will avoid Orbitz and this hotel in the future when I book my travel. When you get there, you will see a lot of brand new high rise buildings along the beach with the hotel. I think the construction is almost done so the construction doesn cause much noise. At lunch time, I saw some construction workers across from the hotel to use binocular to checks out rooms in my hotel so you have better close curtain when you change if your room face that side. I bet the area will be very crowd when people move in those new condos. I am pretty sure I won go back again.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newport Resort Stay May14-18th We took a mother daughter trip to Miami from may14th-18th we flew in to FT lauderdale which was cheaper than Miami coming from Virginia Beach...The drive from ft Lauderdale airport to the hotel was like 30 minutes only...We had a rental car which is your best bet bcause everything is not close and you wanna see as much as possible...I knew about the fees of the hotel before I book thats why people should do research so they wont be surprised and complaining when they get there...I like the location about 20 minute drive to south beach and lincoln road shopping..The beach at the hotel was beautiful so clear...especially compares to VA beach and almost as clear as Cancun...The hotel had lots of activities for everyone which was nice..They had wine tasting, movie night, free kayaking and fishing one day...Newport also had lost of amenities to it...Pool, water sports, two arcarde rooms, pool room with small dance floor ice hockey table and ping pong...They had everything you needed...It rained two days we were there so we had activities we could do there..We ate at mama belle's the italian resturant one night...there was alot of food I was eating left over pasta for 2 days...Staff was definitly friendly to me no complaints about that someone was always trying to help with directions or room supplies...just ask for help with a smile!...I would definitly stay there again and would reccomend it.It a good price for being right on the beach with so many free activities...even with the resort and parking fee!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better then some ppl make it out to be I would give it 5 stars, just to make up for the bad reviews people give this place. First off, this hotel is one of the least expensive in Miami Beach and is really really nice for the money. People can't expect Four Season quality while paying the Days Inn Rate. This is an EXCELLENT budget resort, but it is a budget resort.We lucked into a really good room on the first floor that we could walk right off of our patio into the pool area, very nice. The pool area had a nice tiki bar and live music (same 2 groups alternating every other day) starting at like 1 - 8pm , very nice. There were always chairs available, no need to get up early to go reserve your spot like at the Loews (prior spring break).In our group it was a bunch of graduating college kids, so we went to south beach often. You don't need to spend $50 on a taxi, there is a bus stop across the street (just south of einsteins bagels) and its .50 a person I think. You can take tha H or the A? , I'm not sure but there are 2 that let you off right at Lincoln. AND they are 24 hours a day, you might just have to wait a little, and the bus ride back in the middle of the night with all the drunks is unforgetable to say the least - so much fun. The room had a kitchenette, aka a fridge, micro, and extra sink. Also a living area that could be seperated from the bed area with a sliding door thing. Very nice. Overall the room was excellent for a group or family that is on the go or even if you want to hang out in the room a little, very nice for both.This hotel is very nice and would definetly stay there again, LOVED the friendly atmosphere the hotel created with the music and games being played everywhere. You won't go wrong enless your overcritical, and in that case you should do a favor for us all and just go spend more money for a better hotel, you get what you pay for.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smokeyFlorida
<Content>What to expect OK, Here's the rundown: The hotel is in Sunny Isles also considered North Beach NOT South Beach which is 15 miles away or a 40.00+ cab ride. There is no hotel shuttle so you are on your own as far as transportation. 52.00 cab ride to/from airport. If you rent a car there is no free parking. 12.00 for valet per day or 8.00 for self parking per day. There is an 8.00 per day resort fee which is not paid by most online pre-paid bookings. as of this writing ''Expedia'' is the only one that includes the resort fee when you book with them. Now about those online bookings. Most are clueless about this property and will tell you most anything you want to hear to make the online sale, They will not tell you about the parking or the resort fee. There is no such thing as a ''NON SMOKING ROOM'' it does not exist! This is a TIMESHARE hotel where people own weeks and if they smoke they smoke. You get what you pay for when you book online and most hotels set aside a block of their not so great rooms for online companies like Orbitz and Hotels. ect.. Usually the ''parking lot view''. This hotel tends to overbook it's reservations so your ''room type'' will go fast if your not there by the 3pm check-in time. The later it takes you to get there the less chance you have of getting your ''room type'' or room a at all, and it is not unusual for you to be sent to another hotel for one night if you get there late and they have overbooked. Keep in mind it doesnt matter when you made your reservation or with whom or who you know or even if you called that day to check on it. The reality is this and nothing more, it comes down to ''first come first served'' and if your late, well, i told you so. the simple but not pleasant truth about this hotel. So remember not so great rooms if you book online other fees you won't be told about,non smoking rooms does not exist, nowhere near South Beach very little action in the city of Sunny Isles. And an expensive cab ride to get to where the action is or to the airport to get the hell out of town.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet but a long drive north from the Port of Miami  Stayed two night pre-cruise via NWA World Vacations. The area is quiet compared to South Beach but it's quite a drive north from the Port of Miami  airport. Took us over an hour to reach hotel during rush hour traffic. Upon arrival our room was clean  ready but there were no towels and had to call housekeeping numerous times before someone finally showed up - just before 10pm. Next day after maid service they again left us with no towels and had to ring housekeeping and the front desk numerous times before we got any. Had dinner in their Italian Restaurant and they charged our bill an automatic 15% tip with the service only being so - so. At checkout, they also charged us a facilities fee of $16.00 per night. A charge which was not disclosed to us at check-in. Shame on them. The one nice feature of this resort is the beachside facilities they offer such as free use of their chairs and activities for kids  youth. Would I stay here again? Nope! When I prepay for a room, the least I expect are towels. Besides, there are too many other hotels in the area.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service problems Newport Beachside tacks an automatic 18 percent tip on its room and restaurant charges. In light of this, basic service is expected. That, however, was the not the case in at least two instances. A room service order was never delivered, and at the breakfast buffet, our server forgot us after bringing the beverages and never returned with the check.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of Fun! My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort. When I arrived, there was no bellman around, so I carried my own luggage into the lobby. The lobby area is very nice with beautiful birds and a real tropical feel. The shuttle from Miami Airport was $23.00.The front desk staff was great! The room was clean however, it did smell very smokey. (We purchased a room deoderizer at a store across the street to resolve that problem.)We rented a car so getting around Miami was very easy! The concierge gave us great directions whenever we asked! The parking lot across the street was reasonable.We ate at the restaurant, but both of us found the sauce a little dry. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance.There is even a city bus near the hotel that will take you to South Beach. $1.60 one-way!I would definitely recommend this hotel for people with children and for couples who don't mind being around lots of kids! If you are looking for a nice hotel on a beautiful beach with good value, the Newport Beachside Resort is for you!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reservation I made a reservation a month ago for 3 rooms at the Newport for this weekend to celebrate our 40th anniversary. Luckly, my wife suggested that I reconfirm the reservations and that's when I found out they had put down the the wrong days. I was told to speak with the manager-Michelle- and advised her how important it was to get 3 rooms for this weekend. She said she would work on it and get back to me in 1 hour.After 90 minutes I called her and reviewed the information with her. She said she was very busy and would get back to me by 4pm. I told her I needed the info faster than that and she said she would get back in 20 minutes. She never called me back and left me hanging without a reply. When I called the next day to cancel the reservations, they told me Michelle said she was trying to reach us all day but we were not home. We were home all day waiting for her call!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellingManMD
<Content>It was okay....just okay Well, first I'll like to start off by saying that overall I had a very pleasant stay. I flew into Miami Airport and the hotel was pretty easy to find considering it's on an intersection of 2 major roads. The location was great, about 1/2 way between Ft Lauderdale and downtown Miami. So, youe far enough away from all the noise to get some well needed RR, but close enough to enjoy the party scene. This picture of the hotel on this site is a little dated, because there now are 2 massive buildings on both sides that dwarf this building. One of which is still under construction. Standing alone, this resort would have looked okay, sitting between 2 billion-dollar hi-rise condos....not so okay. Yes, it is a bit dated, but very nice inside. My room, a standard, was nice, clean and quiet as well. The absolute worst thing, in my opinion, is the parking?.it terrible! If you Self Park ($8 a day) you have to park across the street (A1A / Collins Ave.) which a very busy main road. If you decide to Self Park, walk briskly, the traffic light is a little short. You can pay more for valet parking, however I just didn't feel comfortable with my car being a rental.I arrived at the hotel on a Friday around 11am or so, hoping for an early check-in (as requested on my reservation), however I still couldn't check in until 3. I know early check-in isn guaranteed, however although the staff was very friendly, it appeared that they didn't even check or go out of thier way to make it happen, so I toured Miami with my luggage for 4 hours. Which wasn ideal, but it wasn bad. I could think of worse cities.The beach, located approx 200 ft from the hotel was as good if not better than any other beach I visited while I was there (Haulover Beach, South Beach and a few in between). I didn't like having to pay for a hut or the unexpected $8.00 a day charge that they added on automically for the use of items (beach chairs, towels etc.) that I feel should be gratis. Overall, it not a bad place to stay. Would I stay their again?....Maybe....but don't go by me, I rarely ever stay at the same place twice unless I've fallen in love with it. I'm not in love with it, but I like it.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hudaaz
<Content>Newport is a terrific, family-friendly resort After the reviews on tripadvisor, we booked a very reasonable $119 one-bedroom suite at the Newport. We wanted a resort hotel that was kid-friendly and economical, but still on the beach. When we arrived, I was a little scared by the outer appearance of the place; it looks aged compared to it's neighbors, but Sunny Isles looked very nice and safe. The desk staff was very nice and upgraded our room to one with a balcony with a partial view of the ocean. We were delighted to see our room - very clean, spacious and perfect for us and our twin five year-old boys. With our own kitchenette (which included microwave, fridge, dishes and cutlery, and kitchen sink), breakfast and lunch were a breeze, and we could spend our valuable vacation time on the lovely beach and at the pool, which is why we came to Miami in the first place. Room service was reasonable and the restaurant is pretty good. I wish we had more time there. It was thoroughly relaxing. BTW, there was a complete list of resort amenities included in our resort fee in our room. Housekeeping did a great job also. It was a very family-oriented atmosphere and I felt very comfortable staying there with my kids. I would love to go back. I took pictures that I wanted to include in my review, but unfortunately, I lost my camera. The only negative was that our room was toward the front of the building and we heard a lot of traffic. It didn't bother me, but my husband was a bit disturbed by it. Still, I highly recommend it. You can't get a better deal than this in Miami Beach.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>livetotravelNJ
<Content>Nice Spot Over the school spring break, we promised our teenagers 2 nights in Miami before we went to the Keys. They wanted South Beach, but the prices were prohibitive. We usually need two rooms for sanity. We booked the 2 bedroom unit, oceanfront, and really loved it. There are three rooms. The two bedrooms, both with King size beds, can be made private by pocket doors. The middle room has a murphy bed and direct access to one of the two bathrooms; the master bedroom has the other bathroom. It was very clean. The furniture may be outdated ( a little 80's) but was not showing any wear  tear. We were very comfortable.The beach is lovely and you can rent a tiki hut for $10 per day with 2 lounge chairs. I enjoyed staying in the shade. There is also a fishing peir adjacent to the hotel; there is a fee for fishing there. They serve drinks beside the pool at the tiki bar.There are two restaurants. We only at lunch at one and it was reasonably priced for a hotel and the service was good. There really isn't a kitchen in the room. There is a small refrig in a closet and a microwave in another closet. No dishes or utensils, although there did seem to be a place for them. And only a 4 cup coffee pot for a unit that sleeps 6.It was a good family place. It is a good distance to the action of South Beach. We went there on Saturday night and were thankful that we did not stay there. Our car was vibrating from the music in the clubs and other hotels!!We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked very much, but not loved. I just got home after a 4 day getaway with my husband and two 15 year old twin boys. The place was intimidating pulling up with all the construction going on, looked rundown. However inside was very nice. The room we stayed in was great, the 2 bedroom suite. We arrived at the hotel at noon but couldn't check in until 3pm though : ( Had to change into bathing suites in lobby bathroom. The pool and beach were very nice. The ocean water was so clear and the huts were a score for the money! The pool was okay, kind of too crowded for my taste. Didn't like how I had to wake up at 7am to go down to reserve (put shoes/towels on chairs) to make sure we had a place to sit.......the service at the pier (Tiki Restaurant) was understaffed, we never got waited on for lunch, had to walk out. The service from the girls who walked the pool area/beach and took your order were fabulous. The surrounding restaurants were a treat too, nice to be able to walk to them. Overall we had a nice time......4 days was plenty.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay My family of four vacationed during spring break and we enjoyed everything about it. The staff was friendly and had many activities for you to do, be sure and get a list of goings on at check in. The room was good size with a murphy bed behind the couch (very comfortable)it also gave you more room. This is a great place to stay with children of any age.I highly recommend staying at Newport Beachside Resort.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pgiuf
<Content>More than we expected After reading some of the reviews from many different sites, I was slightly concerned. One of the major concerns was their smoking policy. There is none. The chances of having a room used by a smoker was likely. I did call prior to our arrival and asked them politely if they could try and place us in a non-smoking room. We were successful! The room was clean and our slightly high anxiety level disappeared. The staff was very helpful. We enjoyed the ongoing entertainment provided by the staff ( bingo, horseshoes, contests etc)It was truly a family resort! It was great fun meeting families from all over the world.When they say 3pm check in - they mean it! We did wait-but it was not uncomfortable. The only difficult thing we dealt with, maybe due to our lack of understanding, was the coffeepot cleaning. There is a sign that states guests are responsible for cleaning their own dishes(there are some provided for use with microwave). But we didn't think it meant the coffeepot, which every hotel room has! They didn't provide soap for dish cleaning-so we just dealt with it the best we could. The pier was being repaired at the time of our visit, so it was not 100 % usable. Also there is construction of two high rises on either side of resort. Did this affect us? No. It was windy during our stay, so maybe that is why we never heard the construction.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous and we keep coming back       view from my balcony  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacation212
<Content>Great Family Beach Vacation!!! We loved our stay at the Newport! The hotel has a phenomenal location right on the beach and it is priced perfectly. There were many activities that my entire family loved (not only the kids). The activities director, Adam kept the pool area lively and fun as we played limbo, bingo  water balloon toss! The food at the beach was better than average and the beach itself is spectacular. My wife and I loved Miami. We initially thought we would stay at the hotel and use it as our home base because of its proximity to south beach, shopping and all of the Miami hotspots. It actually was much more than a home base as the hotel itself was bustling with activity and the kids never wanted to leave. I also should mention that the kids under 10 eat breakfasr for free, atleast when we were there. All in all we had a great time and I highly recommend this hotel especially at this price. My kids want to make our vacation here an annual event and we have already booked for next year!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, Great view, Great Price! I must admit some concern after reading other online reviews. My experience couldn't have been better. Do your homework and you'll have no surprises. Yes, there's pay parking. Yes, there's construction in the area. Yes, this is a time-share property so confirming reservations is a must. Will I stay at the Newport Beachside Resort again? -As often as I get a chance!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful--Like something out a movie! My boyfriend and I had been planning our trip for months and we're very pleased when we arrived to the Newport Beachside Resort. We were going on a cruise and stayed here for 2 nights before the cruise.We were given a 2 bedroom suite that had a king size bed in each room, a tv and a good sized dresser and a good amount of storage space for our belongs. (Which was way more than we needed but was very nice to have!) I brought some lysol and febreeze in case our room smelled like smoke at all (since I read previously that they were all smoking rooms), but there was no smell or traces of any smoking whatsoever which was really nice. Also, we didn't have any of the problems with hearing construction nearby that some people had mentioned.We ate one night at the Italian restaurant inside the hotel and it was really good. We also ate out at the Tike bar one night which was fun and hung out at the outside bar which was very cool. The whole environment of this place was like something out of a movie!The beach is gorgeous! There are plenty of chairs to lay out on so you don't have to worry about getting up super early to reserve any. Also the pool area is really nice and again we didn't have any problems getting a chair.I don't understand how anyone could not like this place. I've been to hotels all over the countries and this has to be in the top 3. One thing that did suck though was the cab ride from the airport to the hotel. It was $52 (which didn't include the tip). Also the cab ride to the port for the cruise was suppose to be a flat rate of $52 but we got charged a few dollars more b/c we sat in traffic. Be prepared to spend a lot of money on cab fares if that's your primary means of transportation. There is public transportation but we didn't feel like messing around with it b/c we weren't sure all the places it went to and our time was so limited that we didn't want to be stuck making like twenty stops before arriving to our destination.The Adventura Mall which is like a 10 minute cab ride is great! It has all the stores you would imagine to find and lots of restaurants. I think it was about 3 stories. Overall, I would really like to go to this place again and definately stay longer that just 2 nights. Don't let anyone's negative experiences or judgement keep you from staying here. You will definately like this place  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice We only stayed one night and wish we would have stayed at least another night. We stayed previous in Ft. Myers and Newport in Miami was much nicer. Ft. Myers was much more of a party beach (we were there on spring break) so Miami fit our age group much better! We like to have a glass of wine on the beach and some areas don't allow drinking and then some are full of partiers. We were able to have our evening wine on a beautiful, quiet beach. We want to go back but next time take a day cruise over to the Bahamas. An advertisement went over in a small plane while we were on the beach. We didn't have passports with us but will next time.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sim
<Content>Old and stinky! The minute we walked in to the room the stench was overwhelming. We requested another room and it was even worse.The tacky,worn,old room was way overpriced for what you were getting.The three star rating on this hotel is a joke.We checked out that same day and because we liked the area, checked in to a newer hotel down the street.It was little more money but what a difference.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kevin4fun
<Content>Not the Ritz but... I like it Location is Excellent. It is 15-20 minutes to Ft. Lauderdale airport and 30-40 to Miami's. South beach is about 30-45. On either side of Newport you are flanked by very nice condos and resorts. A newer condo can easily run one to two million bucks. It is a quiet area yet close enough (15-60 minutes) to hoppin places in South Beach, Hollywood or Ft. Lauderdale. Rooms are OK. Clean enough but dated.Lobby is fair. Again, dated.Pool area is very nice. Live entertainment (mostly steel drums) every day. Tons of fun, hoaky activities to keep the kids (and my mother-in-law) busy.Tiki bar serves pretty good food and drinks at reasonable prices. At 1:30 each day entire pool area is blanketed in shade due to condo tower being built next door. I'm guessing this is a problem even at the million plus condos as they have stacked them like dominos over the last 10 years. Not really such a problem as everybody simply moves to the beach area.Beach is excellent. Spacious area has a play area for kids with trampoline, slides etc. Cabanas and umbrellas can be rented pretty cheaply or simply sit one one of the lounge chairs dragged down there by the hotel. They also have servers to bring you drinks and food from the Tiki bar.Mama Bella's Italian/Steak House was surprisingly good and very reasonable. Ate there 5 nights and everything was good to very good.I'm not a buffet guy. The breakfast buffet was lousy and at $13--no bargain. I ate there just once and then found much better options in the area. Staff is very friendly especially valet parkers and bellmen. Bartenders and servers can get a little overwhelmed during peek times but they too are friendly.Overall, Newport provides the opportunity to stay in a very nice area cheaply. If you have kids, appreciate value and do not expect 5 star pampering--you will love Newport.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYChrisF
<Content>A Real Find My husband and I left NYC about 6 hours before the Feb. 11th snowstorm. Having made travel plans only 3 days earlier, we arrived at the Newport with open minds, expecting to be near a beach (good enough compared to winter in NY, but that's about it.) It was a very pleasant surprise: a well-maintained 12-story beachfront resort, with 2 beautiful pools, one full-size, one kiddie-size, and plenty of daily activities for everyone.The rooms are apartments, and they vary in size. We were given a huge one-bedroom unit upon arrival, and discovered a Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom with a broken switch. The very accomodating manager immediately switched us to another one-bedroom unit, smaller, but on the beach side of the building, with a balcony (always my choice.)The hotel is on a strip of beach about a 20 minute drive north of Miami Beach proper, formerly known as Sunny Isles Beach. There are several decent restaurants in walking distance across A1A, and many more within driving distance. (Don't leave the Miami area without stopping at Joe's Stone Crab in South Beach.) If you prefer, you never have to leave the resort for meals. The lobby cafe offers a good $10 all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet, and is open for lunch as well. The Italian restaurant and coffee bars are also fine. There is also a tiki bar by the pool, and Pelicans on the Pier, an open-air place that serves good, reasonably-priced food, and is really fun.Drawbacks include having to pay for daily parking ($8 for self-parking in lot across busy highway A1A, or $12 for valet parking), and every room is a smoking room, with windows that are designed not to open, to minimize mold problems. Make sure you reserve a balcony room so you can at least get a breath of the lovely fresh air. All in all, it was a great 1-week getaway. Best of all (almost): when the bill came, it was $125 a day instead of the $179 I was quoted (on the website that shall remain nameless) when I made the last-minute reservation.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stevo1530
<Content>Nice hotel Spent 5 Days at the Newport from Feb. 25th 2006.Room was reasonable, not fancy. Did not have any problem with smoke or noise. Beds were okay. Beach was very nice and pool was pretty good. Pool is in shade during day due to large condo being built next door. Did not use valet parking. Was only 3 to 4 minute walk to parking lot across a busy street. There is a light for traffic. We liked the location. Stores and restaurants near by, close to Lauderdale( 20 minutes by I 95 ) and also close to South Miami depending on traffic. Dianna at the desk was very nice as were all the staff. Considering the location(on the beach) its very reasonable choice of hotels. We had a very good daily rate. All in all ,if I could get a similar room partly facing the ocean and without the problem of the smell of smoke, as we had, I would book it again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoogie
<Content>Awesome       The view from our room  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for the money... As previous reviewers have said, there are currently building works on the site next to the Newport, this made it difficult to access the small parking area outside the hotel, and then you find out that the car park is across the very busy road, which is just what you don't need, so we opted for the valet parking, which was quite reasonable at $12 per day. The first room we had smelled awful, it was a sickly smell, so when we reported this to reception, we were offered another room which was so much better, although it did smell of smoke, but that was better than the previous smell.The hotel is OK for families, who want the safety of activities and the beach just outside, but if you want to venture out of the hotel, then you need the car - approx 30mins to south beach. Also when we stayed the boat show was on so all other hotels were packed, hence we ended up so far away from where we wanted to be based upon our budget.Main restaurant was OK and quite reasonable, didn't eat in the cafe, so cannot comment.Also the maids persistently knocked on the door to clean the rooms from 8am onwards, even on the day we were checking out.Overall our stay was OK, no serious complaints, but would not recommend for young couples  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FloridaGuy096
<Content>So-so... I had the occassion to stay at this hotel for 5 days. The parking is across the street (a very busy street with a LONG light) from the hotel. There is valet available for a daily fee. The lobby, food, location and pool area were nice. The gym was small and equipment was in disrepair. The room was nice, spacious and had a comfortable bed. The A/C unit was so loud, it needed to be shut off at night. There was construction next door to the hotel which started at 6:30 am every day- loud banging, trucks beeping, etc. There was a mushroom that sprouted in the bathroom ceiling every night and I pulled it out several times during my stay. The staff was OK, but some of the people at the desk were worthless...not very polite or intelligent- they put a hold on my credit card for $1k accidentally when they mean for it to be only $100. The same guy tried to overcharge me upon checkout. It took me multiple phone calls and about 2 hours to correct. Overall, the hotel is OK for the price, the location is OK. Once the construction next door ends, it will be much better. If they overhaul the staff and fix the parking issue, then this would get a better review. But until then, you may be better off choosing another hotel and pay the extra money.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place, good value       Looking in the other direction  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just great this place was just great. My husband and I went alone, but it is a wonderful place for families as well. The resort is right on the ocean and there is a wonderful pier right next to it that you can fish on or just walk out on - no charge to guests of hotel. Please order the fish and chips from the Pelican restaurant on the pier - it was delicious. Shopping is close by - take the bus to the Adventura Mall - best place I have been in a long time. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have Stayed Here Manay Times My wife and I travel quite a bit. We have stayed at the some of the best and at some of the worst hotels in the world. We first stumbled upon this hotel when I booked a weekend special and just took the hotel that came with the deal. This was about 4 years ago. We have been back there at least 5 times since then. The location is perfect unless you are the party type. It's a small hike to south beach. We like the peace and quiet and this has it. We have stayed in all types of rooms... The 1bd Pool View, 1db Ocean View, Executive Suite and this past time in a 2bd Ocean View. All of the rooms had a great view off the balcony and as a matter of fact it's hard to pick which room we like best. There are usually a lot of families there and the pool is always warm and never ovecrowded. The staff has always been very friendly. Maglio, Nita and Rhonda at the poolside bar are awesome. They've all been there a long time so the hotel must treat them well. Make sure you get a burger at the poolside bar!The only complaint I have ever had was with the front desk and that's a shame because everyone else is so nice and these are the people that you first see when you get to the hotel. I did notice the last time I was there I saw some new faces up front so maybe they are working on that.You can walk accross the street to some stores and restaurants. We like to get a bagel at Einsteins and then sit on the beach an eat breakfast. There is also a chinese buffet accross the street that has a huge selection at night..Crab legs, Lobster, Shrimp...etc. The breakfast buffet at the hotel is very good compared to most hotel buffets. We also like to eat breakfast at Giorgio's near Hollywood Beach sitting at a table overlooking the intercoastal waterways. Another side trip for great food would be Mama Mia's at Young Circle in Hollywood.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Moonstoner
<Content>Bad! We we're thrilled to get a place on the beach that what we thought was a reasonable price, $140 per night. We prepaid through Orbitz but buyer beware! The room they gave us was right next to the elevator in the middle of a construction project with a window overlooking the parking lot and air conditioners. Even though we prepaid, they still require a Credit card on file for incidentals. Practically evcerysting you do has a surcharge. You want to sit in one of their huts on the beach - $8! Then when checking out, we find out we have a resort fee due. What! Oh yes, every hotel does it we were told by the clerk. When I said we prepaid the room we weren't aware there would be additional MANTATORY charges, he said talk to Orbitz. Smokey, unfriendly, snotty, -- all around I felt taken advantage of. Well, at least they advertise wireless internet access so I could check my e-mail - yea for another $10.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Feelings We stayed 2 nights at the Newport Beachside mid-January and the minute we walked into our room we smelled the terrible stench of cigarette smoke. It was very bad! My 4 year old couldn't stand it either. When I called the front desk to ask how this could be when I had requested a non-smoking room I was informed that the resort is a time-share and that every room is a smoking room. I had booked the room through the hotel's own website and asked why that was not made clear there. He said it was a mistake on the site that needs to be fixed. I then requested an air purifier and one was brought up very quickly. The air purified helped a lot but it was still very disappointing to have to deal with the problem.As for the rest of the hotel I think it is fabulous for families with kids. The playground on the beach and the trampoline kept my son happy for hours. The location of the hotel is wonderful. The beach is great. I found all of the staff to be friendly and helpful and overall thought the hotel was very nice. My recommendation would be that if you don't mind taking your chances on whether or not the guest before you smoked in the room or not (if you're not a smoker) than I would recommend this hotel. If you're concerned about a smoke smell I wouldn't take a chance.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusted Hotel was NOT at all as it appeared in the photos.The rooms constantly smelled of cigarette smoke.The walls are paper thin and my neighbors had children that were screaming and fighting the entire time. My room was on a ground floor (which to the hotel is considered as the 2nd floor!), which faced the small cluttered and dirty parking lot. The windows were filthy and one had a broken lock! The room could have been entered from the parking lot! I requested several times to change my room but was ignored. The reasaurant was dirty, the plates usually had traces of caked old food on them and the quality of food was bad. I have traveled through out this country as well as Europe and have never been this dissapointed in a hotel as I was with this one. Don't waste your money !  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>great222
<Content>Disappointed We were disappointed-pictures on website looked so impressive- $300 per night. When we arrived at 4:30pm(check-in time 3 pm) we were told we would be upgraded to pool/ocean view because our room wasn't clean yet. Our new room was also dirty when we arrived-dirty towels on the floor, not vacuumed, counters not wiped and bathrooms dirty. Beds were made and I was unsure if they had been changed as we found a bacon bit inside one of the beds. When I called to inform the front desk they told me they would downgrade us to other dirty room-nice. Kids play area was closed and pier was closed due to hurricane-beyone their control but restaurnat on pier was very dirty-Sorry-we did have fun though at the beach and kids loved the pool.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this place My husband and I absolutely love this place. We come back year after year. The staff is always accomadating. The valet guys are so nice  you always have your car within 2-5 minutes. The rooms are kept well. The beds (unlike other places that I've been to in Miami) are very comfortable  CLEAN. You are supplied with utensils and plates for the kitchenette. They give you tons of towels. They even check on you while you're outside on the beach. I cant wait to go back this year. I can't say enough about this place. LOVE IT!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dani555
<Content>loved everything about it!!!               
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay at the Newport My husband, 7 month old and I stayed at the Newport for 2 nights in mid-January. After reading reviews on various websites, we were not expecting much more than a relatively comfortable place to sleep with a view only of the construction next door. Check in was a breeze and we were pleasantly surprised when the room we were given was on the back of the building with a bird's eye view of the ocean. The room was very comfortable for our needs and we noticed no problems with either smoking odor or pests. The rooms are not fancy, but let's face it, at the beach, one doesn't spend all that much time in the room anyway. One surprise was that the bathtub was a small Jacuzzi. We only had one small issue with the room. Either there is no exhaust fan in the bathroom, or ours was broken. Because of steam from the shower, if you need to do makeup and hair, you probably want to do so at the counter in the room. We had a rental car and highly recommend the valet parking. It is now $12 a day, but the staff is super friendly and they consistently had our car brought around in less than 5 minutes. There is a pay lot across the street for $8 a day, but you have to cross a very busy street to get there. It is worth the extra $4 a day for the convenience. We were in town for a family reunion and did not have time to use any of the amenities offered. The pool looked well maintained and there appear to be a lot of activities for kids. There are things like jet skis, but there is also a really nice playground and trampoline thing right on the beach.We have been to Miami many times for family reunions and were delighted when one of our favorite restaurants, The Rascal House, ended up being a short 10 minute walk from the hotel. It is an old- fashioned diner reminiscient of the 50s and 60s and a real institution on Miami Beach. They have a bakery on site and bring out big baskets and plates of bagels, onion rolls, rugalach, pickles, coffee cake, which come free with your meal. For some variety, it is totally worth it to head over to the Rascal House for one or more meals.Overall, we were incredibly happy with the Newport. It's nothing fancy, but it's a very comfortable hotel and the staff is very friendly and accomodating. We will definitely return...in fact, we are planning to return with my in-laws (and their kids) for a long weekend.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phillizDerbyshire_UK
<Content>Excellent hotel Just stayed 9 nights at the Newport Beach, and were very impressed with the hotel, and its facilities. Restaurants and bars a little on the expensive side, but any big city hotels will charge optimum prices. Facilities were excellent, beautiful beach area. The only downside for us was that it was too far from South Beach/downtown. It took around an hour on the bus, maybe half an hour in a car. As for the journey from MIA, I would recommend booking the Super Shuttle in advance if possible to avoid the $52 fare each way.All in all, an excellent experience, and would recommend it to anyone, if distance from South Beach wasn't an issue.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel , Beach and amenities       Sunrise from Balcony  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotelier101
<Content>Quality Hotel Recently stayed at Newport for new years,enjoyable stay.We stayed in a suite, was very clean and spacious,we had a balcony that had excellent views (Apart from the building that is in the process of being built right opposite our room!) Breakfast is slightly overpriced for what you get, and is only served in there cafe area and its not the nicest of surroundings.The pool is very busy and not alot of sun light during the day due to it's location,but very pleasant bar! Staff are extremely helpful and plesant at this resort, and only a stones throw away from the beach an extremely good hotel!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jamiexx
<Content>Great Beachside Hotel Great beachfront hotel. Stayed in the 2 bedroom suite with friends and loved it. Rooms did not smell, no pests etc.There is a lot of building work going on next door to the newport but if you have an i-pod or headphones then you won't hear the noise. It's not that bad anyway.Bar staff great and really friendly.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mattdebker
<Content>Just another hotel...... nothing spectacular We stayed at the Newport Beachside for 5 nights over the recent new year. As I work in the hotel industry I hope this helps. The staff were helpful but when we asked if the room we were given was a good one, the receptionist said its one of the best with a good view. Imagine my surprise to get a view of the cars that were parked by the valet and if I twisted my neck I could see the beach. Otherwise the room was spacious with good storage and 2 TV's as there was a sliding wall to separate the bedroom and the sitting room. One downside with the room was it didn't feel clean, maybe it was the outdated decor or when one morning the sun was shining through the window a previous guest had written on the window i'm dirty clean me. As we booked the hotel as a base to travel around, it suited us well and as we did not spend that much time in it, the location was excellent. Do make use of the valet parking, well worth the value and staff always had a smile. Overall I would not be able to spend a long length of time at this hotel but it suited our need on our break.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort I recently stayed at The Newport in Miami (Sunny Isles) Sunny Isles is an old hotspot that once again is red hot!!. The area is terrific and the staff at the Newport were so helpful. I needed another battery for my cellphone - can't seem to get away from work when I am suppose to be on vacation...I asked Roland, the Newport conceirge, who proceeded to give me 2 locations with accurate directions. The directions were right on the money. When I arrived back at The Newport, he made sure to followup with me and reassure me that anything I needed the staff was there to accomodate my requirements. I felt right at home. Great service for an amazing value. Right on the beach. Allthough, I did not participate in any watersport activities, it looked like they had alot and a ton of activities for the kids. My wife and I will be back sometime in Jan. or Feb 06. I look forward to enjoying the beach then.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent beachfront view from private balcony After reading several reviews, we picked Newport for our pre-cruise one night stay. We absolutely loved the room which was upgraded at no extra charge to a 2 bedroom suite. We enjoyed coffee on the private balcony overlooking the beach and pier located just steps away. The only drawback was the cab fare. $52.00 one way to the hotel from MIA and another $55.00 to get us to the port the next morning. We had a nice quiet night of restful sleep, saw no roaches or rodents, smelled nothing funny in the room, and everyone spoke great English!! The Breakfast buffet downstairs @ around $10 a person was good. You can have an omelet prepared while you get other items like sausage,bacon,scrambled eggs, grits,fruit, and juices from the buffet. And the dining area overlooks the pool and beach. The hotel staff reserved us a cab at check-in and the cab arrived 10 minutes early the next AM. The room cost was $199. We would love to go back and stay again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great getaway. We stayed 2 days pre-cruise at the Newport Beachside Resort, great place to go if you trying to budget in Miami-that's a tough one budget in Miami! The hotel and it's surroundings are very clean with plenty for the kids to do. We didn't have a car so I don't know about the parking, we walked across the street for soda and snacks and had pizza delivered for dinner. We did do breakfast at the restaurant, nothing to get excited about but it will fill you up and get you started for the day. The drinks at the tiki bar are VERY expensive, go across the street and get your own beer, I think a Bud Light was $4.50 and it wasn't served in a pretty cup either! We are not smokers and the smell in the rooms were not a problem, you could always take a candle and burn it, we brought ours back home. Overall we were very pleased with our stay and would ceratinly go back, children here is not a problem.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeachLiz
<Content>Nice place, but not for non-smokers       That's me, on the beach in front of the Newport  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a great place to stay My fianc and I chose the Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort based on the reports shared by others on Trip Advisor. We were very happy with the hotel. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. The staff was always accommodating and pleasant. The room was very clean and they changed the towels everyday despite the fact we planned to follow the ave water?plan and use the towels twice. The breakfast buffet was worth the $10 per person. We really enjoyed the beach it was always clean, though some seaweed would drift in by the end of the day. It an ocean what do you expect? There is construction next door but I did not find the noise bothersome. The restaurants in the hotel are good. There is also a great seafood restaurant within a 5 minute walk from the hotel, called Capt. Nate Seafood Grill Market and Bar. The staff is very welcoming and they treat you like family. The seafood is fresh and cooked just the way you want it. The best part is the prices are quite inexpensive. Our bill was less than $35.00 for two for dinner.I enjoyed my stay at the Newport Beachside and will surely go back again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SBrit
<Content>just fine and a great deal for spring break Let me preface this by saying that I read all the reviews on TripAdvisor before staying at this hotel, and I had some reservations about it because some of the reviews included some really negative comments. However, despite what some of those reviews said, we did not encounter any problems with the staff (they were helpful and accomodating) or the hotel rooms (definitely no bugs or anything like that), and there were no problems with unsavory hotel guests or noise.This is by no means a luxury hotel, but it was perfectly fine for 5 college seniors on spring break. For a four-night stay, we each paid only about $110 a person for a suite. It was a great deal. Plus, it was amazing to be able to walk out the back door and have the pool and the beach right there.We also were concerned about staying at this hotel because we knew we would spend a lot of time in South Beach, which is several miles away (and some reviews said it was expensive to travel back and forth). But the bus stop is close to the hotel, and it costs less than $2 a person, and the public transportation system is easy to use (we used the bus to get to South Beach and to the nearby mall). The trip to South Beach on the bus is 25-35 minutes. If you want to take a cab to or from South Beach, it is about $35, but, again, it's fine if you split it between 4 or 5 people. We only occasionally took a cab, so we didn't end up spending much extra money on ground transportation.Bottom line: this hotel is great option for 5 college students wanting to hit the beach, the pool, and South Beach clubs and bars while sticking to a budget  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice family friendly beach hotel in Miami Just came back from Miami after staying 8 days at Newport Resort.Overall very good place to stay at north beach. Rooms are spacious and clean. Housekeeping is good. There is a basic kichenette in the room; we effectively used it for breakfast and lunches. On the south side of hotel there is a condo construction and noisy. When you book online you get the city view rooms that do not have a balcony. We got this nice city view looking north which also had a nice view of the beach and ocean. Unfortunately windows do not open. We are all nonsmokers and all the rooms are smoking but luckily there was no smell. Beach is beautiful with lounges and tiki huts; lounges are free huts umbrellas are $10/d. I bought an umbrella from walmart for $15. Nothing to complain about the beach and the ocean. Pool is always crowded but good for kids` activities. I`m little concerned about hygene when 50kids are in the pool. Who cares about the pool when there is the ocean?Towels are given by the pool and included in the $5/d resort fee. This fee also includes local phone calls and daily newspaper; reception does not tell about it so ask what is included and claim those stuff. Hotel has a good restaurant but not that cheap. There are so many restaurants in walking distance you donot have to worry about it. Grocery store across street as well as cvs. If you are going to be confined to the hotel and enjoy the sea only you do not need a car. If you will tour miami with your car or rental I strongly recommend you to use the valet service, $10/d in/out priviliges; car stays cool down in the garage. Open lot is $5/d and across the street.Thinks I did not like:No place to dry the bathing suits or towels in the roomHousekeeping may come to tidy up at 8 am- hang do not disturb card as neededNeed to return beach towels before 7pm o/w $15 finebathroom may get soaked with water- no floor drain- be careful not to spill much during shower put towel etc on floor etcno room in coffee- need to pick your daily coffee from downstairs- that`s a joke.Ask for what is included in the resort fee when you check in.17% gratuity added to everything you buy from the hotel- I kept my ice cooler filled with drinks and food at the beach.Overall, a very nice place to stay; would stay again  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing resort! I stayed at the hotel on July 2005. I wasn't really expecting much from the hotel. The outside didn't impress me much, so I wasn't expecting much from the hotel, but when I got inside, it suprised me. I was amazed and delighted to see how neat, fun and great this hotel is. We got two rooms. My father, stepmom, grandfather, and cousins stayed there. The service was wonderful. The beds were really comfortable and the view very enjoyable. Personel was super nice to us. Kids, adults and seniors have a wonderful time. I totally recommended to everyone, I bet they'll all enjoy it very much!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place       The Beach  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>karsamky
<Content>I expected more? Not a bad place to stay, just not that great either. We loved the beach and the pool but if you want to avoid crowds this isn't the place to be. All the rooms are smoking rooms and although there isn't a stale smell, there is a scent piped in that can be a little overwhelming. We never did figure out what it was. Ask for a room overlooking the pool. Avoid the street side, A1A is loud even at 3:00am! My biggest complaint is after 3 calls to guest services we never did receive any wash cloths! Overall, it was ok but we probably would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Hedorick
<Content>Nice Family Place We stayed at the Newport Beach for a couple of nights. The room was clean and everything was in good repair. Unfortunately, some smokers had occuppied the room previously as there was a definite smell; however, your nose quickly became accustomed. We really liked the in-room safe.The beach was in good shape, but we were there in the days previous to Hurricane Dennis so that may have changed. They had a nice big pool and a smaller children's pool. Lots of lounge chairs and soft fluffy towels. The hot tub was fairly cool, maybe 100F.The breakfast buffet was good. Excellent cooked to order omelets. The Italian restaurant was good, but could use a little more spice. The portions were huge. A nice wine list with everything in the $20-40 price range.We were very pleased with the service at the hotel, from the valet parking staff who went out of their way to give us directions (even though we had self-parked across the street), the front desk, and the waiters in both restaurants.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Five days It certainly was a pleasure to have stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort with my wife and three children: 10, 13, 16. We had plenty of space in the two room suite and the extra murphy bed was a great spot for my son. The room was well-maintained and the refrigerator and the microwave helped us save a lot of money on breakfast and lunch. We took advantage of the cabanas on the beach and parked across the street from the hotel with no problems. The construction going on right next door was distracting at times but also intriguing to watch the building go up. The staff at the hotel was extremely cordial in all cases and when we had a request of the front desk or concierge they were beyond helpful. We found the short drive into Miami at night to be no problem and it was nice to get away from the South Beach envirnonment and stay at this family-oriented, friendly hotel. A word of caution... they DO NOT have non-smoking suites. I thought this might be a problem, since I have a few kids with asthma, but the room we got did not smell like smoke at all. I also recommend a room on the north side of the building (you won't hear any construction noise) The Coconuts pool side bar also is very pricey for drinks...however if you go to the pier bar right next door(and owned by the hotel) the crinks are cheaper.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What an interesting experience!!! Today is July 4, 2005, and I am just returning f from a truly memorable experience at the Newport Beachside dump. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It's located next to million dollar high rise condiminums, and right down the street from major shops, and stores etc.. Other than the location,this hotel stinks literally. When you walk into the lobby, there is an old musty smell. Similar to what you would smell in a wet basement, or old home. Then, because it's a 3star timeshare property, all of the rooms are smoking. Just our luck, we got a room that smelled like smoke. So, we called fron desk, and they sent down a guy to run an ozone machine that's suppose to suck out the smokey smell. What a joke!! They said we needed to leave the room for 1hr. We left the room for three hours, came back, and the smell was still there. The room attendant was nice however, and offered to spray the room with some air freshener. The beds are basic, and the pillows were unusually flat. I requested a few more pillows, but they all seem to be flat like sheets. After sleeping on the bed pillow combination for a few nights, I seem to develop all kinds of cramps in my next and back. The pool is large, but the water had a blue greenish tint and appeared to need cleaning. When I inquired at the front desk, they assured me that it was cleaned after closing each night at 10pm. The food in the Mama Belles restaurant was delicious. The salmon I had was prepared just right... not dry at all, and the rice and vegetables were cooked perfectly. If you have your own vcr, dvd, or game system etc... you will not be allowed to use it. I have small children, and they enjoy watching their disney movies. Oh welll... The manager told me a story about how he couldn't disconnect the Lodgnet signal because the hotel would lose money. This guy did not realize he was talking to a software engineer, and with the rf adapter I had, it would have allowed me to hook up my system, and have the hotel continue the out put of its Lodgenet signal. Obviously, Juan Cantana, did not understand this, and refused to remove locks from the back of the TV. ( PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT PRIOR TO MAKING RESERVATION, I WAS TOLD THAT GUESTS ARE ALLOWED TO BRING and/or OPERATE THEIR OWN VIDEO SYSTEMS WITH THEIR TV's!!) (LIARS!!)Also, Mr. Cantana, the know it all manager I dealt with, stated that Bill Cox, a higher level manager would be in town Saturday July 2, 2005 for further clarification on this matter of video connectivity. I am still awaiting his call.We set out for a cheap vacation.... and cheap is what we got!. No feeling of luxury. Just barely the basic. If you do decide to stay there, I wish you the best of luck!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gabbyola
<Content>Not a bad hotel We recently returned from the Newport Beach Resort. The hotel is not too bad. Its an older building that is kept pretty clean and neat. The service is very good and the food is excellent. We had dinner at the onsite restaurant one night and it was great. The food was much better and more affordable than what we had in south beach the night before.There is quite a bit of construction going on in the area, but once you are on the beach you can somewhat zone out of the construction noise.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kinghessier
<Content>It's a reasonable and roomy Hotel - Would return       View from room porch  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Loved Newport Beachside resort       Hotel  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>M&CMother
<Content>Good and Bad Points, Especially for Families My husband and two young kids and I stayed here over the Memorial Day weekend. Our kids loved the hotel - they enjoyed the pool, the room size and the birds in the hotel lobby. I thought the room was a great size for a family of four, and with kids, the fridge and microwave came in handy. The beach was great as well and didn't get too crowded while we were there. On the negative side, we found the service to be uniformly TERRIBLE. I don't think we had one friendly or helpful exchange with a single staff person, from the desk clerk who checked us in (bored, surly and unhelpful), to the restaurant where we ate lunch (we showed up at 1:00 and stood waiting for some time, with staff people avoiding eye contact so they didn't have to seat us - I finally had to call to a waiter across the room and tell him we were sitting down!), to the maids who never said hello. The clientele was quite mixed, and there were not many families staying there, though it seemed there were a lot of families paying from the outside and using the pool, which got quite crowded. There was no lifeguard or any kind of supervision at the pool area, which gets really crowded on the shallow side. While we were there, a couple engaged in some inappropriate behavior at poolside - particularly in front of a pool full of kids!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>goodie3
<Content>Mixed Feelings for this place I followed a piece of advice, call the hotel to make reservations. This place is a timeshare hotel and tends to overbook. When you do so request a printout of your confirmation. They tried to tell me that I was to check out the day before. They offered us a room in another hotel for $200/night or the same room for $200/night. I mentioned Trip Advisor and their previous reviews and by the time we got to our room they phoned and offered the additional night at the original rate. They also charged for an extra car for valet parking. This is a nice hotel for families. The rooms are all smoking but didn't smell that bad. The pool area is great but construction next door is continuing. There is plenty room to store belongings but the suite is small. The fitness center is average with a treadmill, a couple of bikes and weight machines. The guy who runs the center needs to learn gym etiquette. Just because he is having a personal training session doesn't mean he should turn off the TV that I was watching while bicycling without asking and turn on Saturday Night Fever or turn off the fan while my husband  I were working out because his session is over. I guess they don't know how to deal with the regular paying customers. I wouldn't ever stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JoeLINewYork
<Content>Great Family Destination Coming from New York at the tail end of the winter, I was looking for a place to take my young family (5,3,1) to get some sun and some quality beachtime. I was blown away by this hotel...but not as much as the kids. The beach was beutiful and the activities such as the jet ski and the fishing pier really enhanced the beach life. The kids loved the beach playground and the outdoor pool provided lots of sun time. The main restaurant was family oriented as well. The rooms had a killer view of the ocean and a great sight line down Miami Beach. My family got a great value for a minimal expense. There were high brow hotels nearby that could not offer the same fun and energetic environment. I also felt that the beach was probably the deepest in the area on a strip that has some of the best beaches on the Atlantic Coast. This is a great spot in a location that is really coming on strong. I also liked the drive down A1A to South Beach. It was not that far and it was very scenic. My kids keep asking me when we will go back.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachbumtoo
<Content>Not too bad Just returned from the Newport last night. I was there with my 2 year old son, an old friend and her 1 year old daughter. I will start with what I DID like about the hotel ( refuse to call it a resort). The beach was awesome. We rented the tiki huts every day and they were a blessing. We could not ask for more as far as ammenities -nice pool, great kids pool, perfect beach, the Coconuts grill served great drinks (try the Tropical Paradise - yummy). The food was awesome, big juicy burgers, peel  eat shrimp, fried fish  fries, etc... However, I was so dissapointed to see that every time I ordered something, tax and 17% gratuity was included. No matter what I ordered, and no matter if I had to wait for it or if it was delivered to me pool-side or on the beach, the tip was included. I feel that I should decide how much to tip someone. I also feel that the staff attitued was poor because of this. (why should they work harder for you when they're already being tipped???) The italian restaurant was okay, but again the staff was totally unacommodating. We asked for napkins to clean up a spill and the guy lauged, then asked how many we wanted. HELLO!!! As many as it takes to clean up the mess!! Every time I asked the vallet guys to recommend somewhere to eat with the kids, they just looked at me and shrugged their shoulders. The only place that we loved was Tuna's, about a 10 minute drive and it was awesome. We asked where we could do some shopping and they sent us to the boardwalk in Hollywood which was nice, but they never suggested that we go to downtown south beach (shame on us for being clueless I guess). If you're traveling with kids, there is a Publix about 5 minutes away so we went and stocked up on milk, breakfast and lunch foods, snacks, etc.. The fridge in the room was much larger than we expected so there was plenty of room for everything we bought. There was construction going on every day but Sunday. They only time this bothered us was at 7am when they started but as another reviewer mentioned, there is construction going on everywhere in Miami, so I doubt we could have avoided this. If you show your room key at the pier, you don't have to pay anything to walk it which was nice.Also, keep in mind that people who are not guests of the hotel are allowed to pay a fee and use the pool. They are also alowed to be on the beach, so the weekends were quite crowded.All in all, we did have a great time but were still a bit dissapointed with a lot of aspects of this hotel. I dont think we will return.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>footballguy
<Content>Great fun for the family. We were expecting a run-down resort. We were very pleased to find the amenities very clean. The pool area was great for our kids. The waitresses were very friendly and had a good presence on the beach. Drinks were never far away. The Italian restaurant was FANASTIC and not as expensive as I would have imagined. The beach was extremely clean and renting the cabanas or umbrellas for only $10/5 for the day was a hit with mom giving the kids some shade. We will definitely go back next year. The 1/2 hour ride on the wave runner was a blast...$55. I would get the presidential suite next time...same price as 2-Bedroom with 2 balconies!The construction next door was not heard on the weekend and definitely not noticed on the beach. Overall great experience. Brakfast buffet is a great bargain to start your day $8.95 adults and $4.95 for kids with omlet station and all the meats,eggs,bagels,cereals,pancakes,waffles,fruit,OJ,etc.I would be happy to answer questions.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ruleoffour
<Content>Beachside=wonderful/Hotel=fair We stayed here for 5 days in mid-February 2005. The photo of the pool/beach area sold me on it. I had a hard time rating this place because I have completely opposed opinions of this hotel/resort. First the hotel part, which I have a negative opinion of. The lobby is okay, we didn't find the birds to be annoying - in fact my daughter loved them. The room's spread and drapes are in bright, garish colors, the stools and couch have worn fabrics, and the teal carpet was stained. There is an abundant use of mirrors - they are everywhere - but not, thankfully, on the ceiling. Photo of room doesn't show how worn the room is. The fact that they call them luxury suites are a joke. I was tempted, while at Marshalls across the street, to buy more tasteful decor for the room. The one good thing about the room was it was large and had a sliding door to section off the room. Our room was on the street side. A very busy, loud street! We asked to be moved to a quieter room three times but where told there were no rooms available come back later - we gave up. We were given 2 coupons/per day (there were 4 of us) for the breakfast buffet and thought it was pretty good. We ate at the hotel's restaurant and thought the food there was pretty good. Once you pass through the doors to the beachside everything changes. The beach is so nice and clean with swaying palm trees for shade. Dispite the fact that there is construction going on next door we found it to be very relaxing. In fact if you look up or down the beach you will see cranes and construction going on so it would probably be hard to find a spot that didn't have some construction going on nearby. You will also be paying a resort fee of I think $5/day added to your rate. There are cabanas (+$10/day) and water toys to rent, there are beach chairs available - go early on a good day, and Andre (I hope I got his name right) works very hard serving food and drinks to guests. There is a play area for kids, volleyball court (fee), and hammock. They charge you to go on the pier - $1 just to walk out on it and I think it was around $6 to fish off it. The restaurant on the pier looked dirty so we didn't eat there. The pool area is decent, the water is warm, there is a small slide, and there are lots of kids in it (which can be good or bad depending on your frame of mind). The poolside bar serves up the BEST pina coladas I have ever had! It will cost you to park - either valet for $10/day or you could cross the very busy street for $5/day. Be forwarned drivers do not give pedestrians the right of way in fact they seem to speed up if they see you crossing the street. I think if they remodel the rooms this place could be above average but in its present condition I would have to rate it a 2 for hotel and a 4 for beachside. Don't like all the added fees either.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christian
<Content>great family fun we recently went on a cruise leaving out of miami and decided to stay at a hotel for a night in miami first. i read many reviews before leaving for our stay and was a little worried because most of the reviews werent so great but the hotel views looked so wonderul online. well iam pleased to say that our stay was great. our view was breathtaking no matter which way you looked off of our balcony. there were plenty of little shops inside , a restaurant and snackbar. outside there is a nice play structure a trampoline ,toddler pool , bigger pool with side and things for kids to stand on in the water. There also is a hot tub. There are far to many things to mention. we had agreat suprise at how much we liked it . our room was nice as well and Im not easily pleased so I dont know why other reviews are so negative. It is not the hyatt regency but how much fun wold your kids really have at afussy hotel anyway. so go and enjoy . I highly recommed !  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Minneapolisjim
<Content>Truly a great place for a family vacation!!! Our family of four stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort for four days in the middle of April. We were very satisfied with our stay and would certainly reccommend this hotel, especially to families. We booked the 1 bedroom suite through the hotel, not through the time-share (which, I have heard, does not rise to the same standards!) The room was great; we were on the north side without a balcony, but that way there was no noise or visual pollution from the construction site to the south. We had a partial view of the ocean. It was great to have a king sized bed for the parents and a sliding door to separate our bedroom from the kids. The room had everything we needed; a beautiful marble bathroom, a microwave, a small fridge, and a coffee maker. Even two televisions! Outside it was pure paradise for the children; miles of beach to wander, a huge and clean pool, beach volleyball, an inflatable trampoline, and even a foosball table (not to mention two game rooms inside for the rare rainy day). Staff was consistently courteous and efficient, and the self-parking was a breeze (not to mention a good deal--$5 with in and out privileges per day). We splurged on the breakfast buffet each morning, which meant we didn really have to eat again until evening. There are many good restaurants and even a supermarket nearby, all within walking distance. Even Mama Bellas, within the hotel, was a great spot for italian food and had a good kid menu. This is one of the nicest hotels Ie ever stayed at. It really felt like a resort. Granted, we tend to be budget travelers but it is hard for me to understand the complaints Ie read about the hotel on Tripadvisor. By the way, with a car it only took about 20 minutes to get to South Beach, and we had no problem with parking, even near Lincoln Road in the evening. Yet the resort itself is so appealing you may choose to not leave Sunny Isles Beach.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Reasonably Priced Resort We have just returned from another trip to Miami Beach and although we've stayed on Sunny Isle Beach twice before, this end of it was far superior. Having seen other reviews (both good and bad) we were a little dubious about staying at this resort. It was much cleaner than any we've stayed in before, the price was extremely reasonable for a beachfront property and the hotel was close enough to walk to numerous stores and restaurants. The fishing pier behind the hotel was scenic and a nice diversion from just walking the beach. The unlimited self-park across the street for $5/day worked out great -- no tipping for valet. Mama Bellas restaurant at the hotel was also excellent...Very reasonable great garlic rolls and large quantities (enough for lunch the next day). I would definitely stay here again as long as the rates stay low. Overall, our experience at this resort was very positive.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>get what you expect! It's not that bad. Friends and I stayed in a 2-bedroom suite. The rooms are small but sufficient; cable TV in the 2 bedrooms as well as the living room. Get to the beach early if you want a chair, but it's not too crowded. Pool area is a little more crowded. Good place to be if you're not expecting any 5-star hotel and not looking for a lot of action, nightclubs, etc but simply want a quiet getaway.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gatzpup
<Content>My poor expectations were definitely exceeded!       View from our 9th story balcony  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>family of 5 had a great time I stayed here for a week over February vacation with a family of five all of my children are teenagers. The two bedroom unit was perfect for us and very clean. The beach is beautiful. There were a lot of families and plenty of things for the kids to do. This is an above average three star resort. Keep in mind that you are paying for a three star resort and don't expect the Ritz Carlton. I would stay her again next year.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dafootes
<Content>Very nice beach, good place for families We booked a package that included four nights at the Newport Beachside. When we arrived at 10:00 p.m. (with confirmed reservations), we were told that the hotel had overbooked and we had to stay at the Marco Polo Ramada. Based on that hotel, I was extremely worried about the whole trip. Fortunately, the Newport Beachside ended up being decent - the room was nice and clean. Our family really enjoyed being able to divide the suite with the nearly soundproof pocket doors. We had a room facing the beach on the 11th floor - gorgeous views, the weather was great, pools were nice. The beach was immaculate, water was clear and pretty gentle. Most of the guests were families. We ate bagels at the shopping center across the street every morning and enjoyed Rascal's restaurant - all within walking distance.There is a fair amount of foot traffic in the area so walking was nice. Our boys enjoyed the arcade, pool table and trampoline. We rented a jet ski one afternoon. My husband didn't let the boys go on the fishing pier alone but, in all, the stay was pleasant enough after the first night of fright at a different hotel. The only time that the construction was a factor was when we were sitting next to the pool. When we were on the beach (most of the time), it wasn't an issue. We enjoyed the waitresses bringing drinks onto the beach and poolside, too. We stayed here from 3/30-4/2.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Lots of Kids       View from pool  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run of the Mill Don't book by the pictures that are shown on the websites...A little disappointed but knowing that we only had to stay there 2 nights we survived. Outdated decor, smelly rooms, damp feeling around the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good place for kids This was a nice hotel. There were two pools, one for adults and one for kids. It is right on the beach. We have two young kids and they had a nice playset and inflatable gym for them. It also had a nice Italian restaurant and another breakfast restarant. We were very happy there.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware--Liars on duty First, if you want to be at the place where thngs are happening, then you need to go to South Beach Miami. This hotel is north of there. South beach hotels may seem very old and not so good looking and there are some that are very nice but pricey. Newport Beachside resort is more of a quiet, family resort so if you want fun and great night scenary- drinks, entertainment, music, etc, then I suggest renting a car and travel south. (There is a car rental place (Enterprise) across the street opens at 7:30 am dont let the hotel personnel tell you otherwise). Each day you are there you are charged a 5 dollar resort fee, it cannot be waived. It doesnt really cover anything that you will be doing. There are signs for parking, across the street, its 5 bucks per day and in the hotel it says its free...uh some employees say its free too...dont believe them. Valet is 10 bucks. THe gym is very very small. The service desk clerks are very rude. Whatever they say is covered in the resort fee you better double check. Whatever they have in print in the rooms, double check if it is valid because there are out of date....not even a disclaimer about prices/services change without notice. Even with that, you dont know if the employees are telling you the right information. Make sure housekeeping give you towels. Oh, they might move some of your stuff around too... my experience - a set of clothing from one room moved to the next. IF you are a non-smoker, well be prepared. THe halls are non-smoking but the rooms are. The ventilation in the hotel isnt that great. You may smell nicotine from someone else's room or down the hall.The hotel does have 2 pools in back as well as a jacuzzi, changing room, a restricted area of the beach for registered guest only, arcade, restaurants, girft shops, conference rooms, lessons for snorkeling, jet ski rental.Again it in north beach, you would have to cab or rental a car to go either north or south. Bus stops are in front of the hotel too. Overall, try to find someone who is knowledgable about the fees and policy of the hotel, can make reservations for you like a shuttle to the airport, and someone is knowledgable about the surroundings of the hotel like a manager. If you ask the valet people, bell boy, concierge, or even information, make sure you get a second opinion.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>taylor26
<Content>A decent place for the money My friend and I stayed here 3/18/05 to 3/20/05 and for what we paid it wasn't that bad. The noise from the construction of the high-rise by the pool was not relaxing but over the weekend it was quiet so even though our room was away from the construction it didn't have any impact on us. We were on the 9th floor and had a partial ocean view but no balcony, which wasn't a big deal though a balcony would have been nice. There was a smell in the hallway though that we debated was either sour milk or dirty diapers. Nothing a little Lysol, Febreze, or a carpet cleaning couldn't have solved. Also, the maids bothered us each day when we came and went from our room because we kept the Do Not Disturb sign out until we left for the pool in the afternoon. I do appreciate fresh towels and my bed made but not at the expense of being accosted with attitude whenever I come and go from my room. If they never would have bothered us and wouldn't have made our beds I wouldn't have cared either way. We spent most of our time at the pool, beach, or shopping so for the most part I feel that we got a pretty good bargain considering this is right on the beach, a very pretty beach I might add. If you're looking for great hotel amenities this is not the place for you. If you're looking for an inexpensive place to get away that's on the beach then this could be right for you. Just bring your ipod for sitting by the pool. There's about 40 more floors to go on the high-rise!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well pleased with the Newport Beachside Resort Two couples from England, we stayed at this hotel in March 2005 for 2 nights. Whilst the hotel would clearly benefit from some upgrading ( as identified by other travellers ) we were well satisfied with our stay. The 2 bedroomed suite was spacious and clean, the hotel is in an excellent location and if you like fishing it is top drawer. The hotel owns the 24hr pier which has free access to residents. Bait can be purchased 24hrs a day and there are plenty of fish. The breakfast was of good quality and there was a reasonable choice. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lhs624
<Content>Disappointed I agree with a lot of what the previous reviewer wrote. My husband and I were there from March 6-9, 2005. We specifically requested a non-smoking room when we made our reservation and while we were told it could not be guaranteed, our request was noted. When we checked in, the front desk said We are a time share. All of our rooms are smoking. I threw a bit of a fit and they upgraded us to a larger, 2 bedroom suite with a balcony. Sounded great as long as it didnt stink. Well it didn't stink of smoke but what did stink was the construction right outside our window. No wonder she could easily upgrade us to a bigger room with a balcony. The only rooms with balconies face this HUGE construction project (on the South Side of the hotel) So beware of that. It looks like there will be construction going on for a long time. And the works starts around 7am so if you want to sleep late, forget about it. Also, the pool is right next to the construction, so it wasn't very quiet and relaxing by the pool. Thankfully i had the radio my husband usually runs with (with earphones) to block out the noise. Maybe it was better on the beach but I didn't go down there.With that said, our room was clean and spacious. We liked having a mini fridge so we could stock up on food. There is a grocery store called Milam's about 3 blocks North of the hotel where we bought stuff for breakfast and snacks. The pool was nice, and warm. Never overly crowded at the pool but still lively with people. If the construction wasn't there I might consider going back but the smoking room issue could be a real problem.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place! Stayed Feb. 20th one night from our cruise layover and I would definately use the resort again. We had our own car which we were able to park across the street in a secure parking lot for $5. The lobby was fun and welcoming. Our room was a suite on the first floor next to the pool door and elevator so I was afraid it would be noisy. It was not noisy and we had a sliding door to close the bedroom off from the sitting area. I loved the whirlpool tub! The beach area was beautiful and I was able to get a towel and lounge chair by the ocean. We had dinner in the restaurant that night and had the best steak I'd had in a long time. The service was fabulous. There were lots of kids with their families but still plenty of room to lounge around the pool. This would be a good resort for family reunion's!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>armen6
<Content>Do NOT go there, without reading this -Here is our experience, short albeit, less than two hours. We booked a 3-niter last weekend for a short relax-away. When we got there, we found that this place is no where near Miami Beach, but in a area far away in Sunny Isles called North Miami Beach. That part was okay. When we stepped out of our cab, we were greeted nicely by two doorman who took our bags inside. So far, so good right? Once inside the lobby, there were two large bird cages that are so loud and obnoxious that you can barely think without hearing the parrots resonate over the whole lobby. You have to hear this everytime you step in and out of the lobby. When we got to our room, it was a surprise to see ashtrays. When we called to change rooms, the desk clerk said that ALL of the rooms at the Newport are smoking. That's strange, because when you call Hotels.com, the first question they ask you is smoking/non-smoking. They did offer to fumigate the room, but that we would have to leave for one hour, and one of us being asthmatic, this did not sound good. The view was the kicker. There is a massive monstrosity of a construction project going on right next door on the south side of the hotel. So, if you must stay here, keep that in mind. All of the rooms on the north side were booked, so they put us there. They also told us that for an extra $50 per nite, they would give us an oceanfront executive room, which we checked out. There is a better view, but there is no privacy as the room balcony is right next to the next room's, so your neighbor can hop right over with no separating wall. When we complained to Hotels, they were good enough to arrange a no-charge checkout from this place within one hour. At 10 pm on Friday nite, we headed down towards the REAL Miami Beach, and stayed at a great boutique hotel in SOBE called the Abbey. No balcony, no view, no smoking. Great staff, great location. Quiet.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice place. In mid-February 2005 I spent two nights at the Newport with my husband and adult daughter and enjoyed it very much. The room was clean, did not smell, had a balcony over the beach, and was large enough (just) for 3 adults. The bathroom was very nice. I did not notice any noise. The pool looked nice (we did not go in) and there were lots of amusements for kids. The location is pretty far from Miami or South Beach, but there were many restaurants close to the hotel. I definitely would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT BAD BUT........ Sand fleas or ants in room, which I am not a beach person so didn't know if this was normal or not??? Pool was warm, hot tub was non-existent it was covered up or under construction on what looked to be not touched in a long time. Restaurant was okay, drinks in lobby bar were very expensive. Free breakfast was good and the valet guys were good. The Beach and pool area had bugs that bit me but didn't bother anybody else in our group. Very loud party group down the hall and fire alarm went off in the middle of the night. I phoned the front desk to see if everything was okay and they acted like I was nuts to even ask while being up there 7 floors above. Don't open curtains as you will only view filthy windows.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dreadful !! This is one of the hotels we have had the misfortune to stay in.  The first room smelt of smoke, and was directly above the valet parking station, so all we heard all night were the valet staff talking and laughing.  We were moved to the second room which was directly opposite the construction site next door. The first night was okay as it was Saturday into Sunday, but at 7am Monday morning we were awoken by the noise from the construction site.  We were moved again to the third room which was quiter, but smelt of smoke.  The beauty salon doesn't open at the times printed on the door.  The reception desk 'ran out' of newspapers 3 days out of 6 (note-they do not supply newspapers on Sundays).  The Bar/Grill as detailed in the hotel directory and in big NEON lights outside the hotel has actually closed, and been turned into Mama Bellas.  Mama Bellas is shut on Mondays (this is not listed in the directory). I have never before stayed in a hotel which does not open it's only restaurant 7 days a week...  We will not be staying here again.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChubbieBubbie
<Content>Very pleasantly surprised! We recently went to the Newport for a long weekend to celebrate my mother-in-law's 90th birthday. Having stayed at the Newport many years ago, I was afraid that it would be run down. My daughter had booked there first with her family and then my husband and I booked as well as my son and his wife and baby. We were the first to arrive and I requested that we all be on the same floor. I was delighted with the room that we got, which was really a mini suite. The bedroom part had a sliding door to close it off from the sitting room which also had a murphy bed. There was also a small refrigerator, microwave and safe. The marble bathroom also had a jacuzzi. The front desk was very friendly and accomodating and did put us all on the same floor and even upgraded my daughter and her family to a two bedroom suite.I also arranged for a birthday party at the restaurant in the hotel. The maitre d', Paul, was extremely accomodating. He even gave us a private room and decorated it with balloons and a, Happy Birthday sign and centerpiece. The food was very good and very reasonably priced.I found the hotel to be very clean and the facilities excellent. There were plenty of chairs around the pool and beach and they even had live music by the pool.I'm looking out at the snow falling right now and wish I were back there.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carter-elston
<Content>An Excellent A+++++ Choice!!!!!!! We stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort recently for a family vacation. I must admit, I was a bit leary about staying at this resort after reading some of the negative reviews posted on tripadvisor. Well, we arrived at the resort a bit anxious and unsure, but to our pleasant surprise all of those emotions were unwarranted. We LOVED THE RESORT!!!! It was a wonderful location - with a bright airy lobby that was warm, tropical, and inviting. The room was very nice, clean, and comfortable. My family especially loved the whirlpool tub, multiple TVs (great for the kids), the wet bar, and the view. I read a-lot of negative comments about the rooms, as posted by other reviewers on tripadvisor, but I found none of them to be true. I must also add that the resort staff was wonderful, especially the concierge!! The hotel/resort offers multiple amenities (ie. restaurants, fishing pier, pool, children's pool, cabana bar, nightclub, game room, laundry room, kid's outdoor play area, and exclusive beach), which made this a great locale for me to bring the family. I didn't have to hear the kids moan about being bored and they had a-lot of resources right on the resort, which was safer and more convenient than other options. One other thing, on Collins street, there were lots of restaurants, grocery/clothing stores, and other services within walking distance. Also, though it appears it is far, the hotel/resort was only about 20 minutes from downtown Miami. This was our first time staying and we have already made plans to return in the Spring. So, Visit this resort, it is an absolute great choice and extremely economical. One last thing....I still wonder about the negative reviews, I travel quite abit and experienced hotel dumps before and this is not in any way one of them. Everything is relative to your experience, so perhaps it is the case that the negative reviewers are million dollar travelers/vacationers who couldn't get into the Trump Resort (down the street on Collins) and had to resort to a 3star hotel. Aaaahhhhh Maaaannnn! So given this perspective perhaps too I would be dissappointed - I dunno, still I think the Newport is a lovely resort. :)  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay I approached this hotel with some doubt. I had read some bad reviews on this web site but I was drawn to the great price via another internet web site AND the fact that this was ocean front property. I visited the hotel's web site and it looked good but I still wondered what I might be getting when we arrived in Miami.I can only say that I was EXTREMELY PLEASED with my experience at the Newport Beachside Hotel and Resort. I felt like I had found the very best deal possible on Miami oceanfront hotels! The hotel lobby was very nice. The rooms were roomy. We only ate one meal (breakfast buffet) in the hotel and it was good food. It's not a five star resort but it is very much ABOVE AVERAGE.The rooms were clean with a small refrigerator and microwave. The pool area was very nice and it was easy to find your spot to sit on the beach and admire Miami's scenery. The hotel had a pool area bar which served overpriced food and good, but also overpriced drinks. Any problems which came up were minor and were quickly solved by the hotel staff. The staff was friendly and very willing to help. The valet parking seemed a bit disorganized and sometimes slow. The valets needed some help with their English.The self parking was not as bad as previously described. Yes, it is across a busy street. However, there is a traffic light which stops traffic for you to cross. The hotel is adding a wing but it wasn't a problem for us.There are a couple of small shops, several onsight restaurants and a night club. We visited the small shops but didn't do any of the other things. And to my delight, we had charged several things to our room. There were NO issues with incorrect billing at the end of our stay...always refreshing!Overall, this was a very good experience especially for the deal we were able to get. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another positive experience My wife and I just spent 5-days at the Newport and were pleasantly surprised. We ended up there because friends who have a timeshare were using their bonus week at the property. We rented a separate room through an internet consolidator for $99 per night, including the decent breakfast buffet (including omelet person). What a bargain. We read all the horrible reviews and were expecting a rundown tired motel. To the contrary, the property is an average mid level hotel, as expected from an AAA 3-diamond rating. This is not an upscale luxury resort but a clean, cheap and convenient oceanfront hotel. It not on the top of my list as a future destination, but if asked, I would recommend it. When our (time share) friends went to check in there was a problem with room availability and breakfast was not included. As other people have stated, timeshare people should ask many questions and beware before booking.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!! Folks I see these terrible reviews of the same hotel where my wife and I spent a wonderful week. My wife and I are fortunate to vacation 2-3 times per yrs. Many times outside the US. We expect our hotel stays to be above average non the less. After researching about Newport beachside we decided to book there for a one week trip to Miami beach. From our arrival we were treated great by the entire staff. Our room was clean and all remained in good order in that sense for the entire week. The front desk was VERY helpful in asisting us to find local eateries. As a matter of fact the staff at the front desk was overly helpful. During our 3rd day my wife and I decided to make it a special relaxation day with spa treatment followed by a night of fine dinning and dancing afterwards. We asked the front area staff for any recommendations on a fine restaurant nearby. They pointed us to an Argentine restaurant nearby that normally requires reservations. We followed their recomendations and showed up taking the chance of not being able to be served. Well, the head chef whom we learned later has the custom of greeting customers at the door received us with open arms and inquired if we were such and such (our last name) and told us that he had been expecting us!!! Somebody at the front desk called ahead of time for us!!! THAT IS SERVICE!!!GREAT dinner!!! Awesome time dancing!!! Come back to the hotel, and day staff was of course gone. Next day I try and tip ($50) the front desk gentleman for his efforts, he refused was only interested to know if we had a good time. No question about it they have our business if we vacation in FL again!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Concerned about bad reviews? Read this! We have stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort for the past several years and found it to be a totally positive experience. This is an outstanding hotel on any standard, and a great value. The rooms are large, well appointed, and very functional. The marble bathroom has jacuzzi jets in the tub, hairdryer, etc. The housekeeping is excellent, and the staff of the hotel are friendly, courteous, and helpful.So it was with amazement that we read some of the bad reviews of this hotel. We thought it couldn't possibly be the same place! Then we found the answer...Those who had problems were going as time-share guests, and the problems started with the administrators of their program, NOT the hotel. For example, they have always had our reservation honored even with very late arrival. The problems were because their time-share administrators never notified the hotel. Also, there is excellent daily maid service when you come as a hotel guest. But, some time-share contracts don't have that included. Then these disappointed guests blow up at the hotel staff and call them unfriendly. You're blaming the wrong party, folks! Check with your time-share people for the problems. Meanwhile, all of us who go as hotel guests will enjoy an excellent hotel on a beautiful Atlantic beach.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better I have just come back from a stay at the newport, when I got to the hotel I found the hotel staff miserable! When I entered my room I nearly broke down in tears, the room was dingy, dark and hadn't been cleaned, there was no balcony and the bathroom was disgusting, after a 9 hour flight I wasn't impressed, after marching down to reception for an upgrade, the reception staff didn't seem at all bothered, but did give us a 2 bedroom suite which was nice, but again no balcony.We found the food very nice but a tad expensive. As for the resort fee, a rip off, as I'm not sure what you actually get for it!Overall we enjoyed our holiday, but were disappointed with the room we were first given.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It sucked!!!! I have traveled to several destinations around the world and the US. But I have never seen such unprofessional, money-hungry, dishonorable business as when I stayed at Newport Beachside Resort. First off, they false advertise on the rooms when booking over the internet. The room in the advertisement is very bright, open and clean. NOT anywhere near the dingy accomodations we received. And we won't even discuss the smell. Secondly, I specificly requested a non-smoking room which you can request when booking the reservations on the website. They do NOT have any non-smoking rooms. Every room in the hotel is smoking. For people who have respiratory ailments, this may be a problem. When I discovered that our room was a smoking room and asked to be moved. I was told they could bring an air purifier machine to my room but I would have to leave for an 1-2 hours or move to another room of the same quality on a floor below - directly below. (I am still trying to figure out how that was going to help) I declined and decided to make the best of it. But after a night of wheezing, coughing and hacking, I decided to complain again and/or move to another hotel. The manager upgraded us and moved us to an oceanview room thinking that the fresh air would help. Well, it was better but the room smelled also. I had to buy and burn incents to relieve us of the funk. Now, you will also find that anything recreational including sitting on the beach under the huts is an extra cost. - $10 - 35/day to be exact. Then they charge you $5-10/day to park. And if that isn't bad enough..they conveniently tag on a $5 resort fee charge. FOR WHAT! Still haven't figured that one out since you have to pay for everything else. Last but not least... there is a sign in the bathroom asking you to use your towels and wash clothes more than once - very tacky! Upon departure, they ask you to strip your own bed linens and place them w/ all used towels in the bathtub. Very Odd. I guess if you don't do this the resort fee would be alot higher. Heaven knows they are paying housekeeping minimum wage. The SPA/Hottub closes at dusk or 7pm whichever comes first. In the spirit of fairness, I will say the one thing that was good about this accomodation was the free full american breakfast w/ omlets made-to-order was a plus. All in all - give me a decent room with out all the incidental charges and you can keep the tired breakfast. If you are booking this hotel, proceed with caution. As a matter of fact, just don't do it!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible hotel We have just returned from Miami having spent 14 days travelling florida, the Newport Beach hotel was our last out of 6 hotels. This Hotel is horrible, old, dirty and unclean and would not send my dog to stay here. Unhelpful staff down right rude to children.I complained about our room after seeing ants in the bed and other things only to be told I neeeded photograhic evidence to be moved and where else. Never seen a ant stand still for a photo when you want one. Horrible Horrible Horrible  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canadabound
<Content>Okay for the money This is not the most Plush hotel but is good value for money[unless of course you want to take part in the timeshare!]For a family of 4 there was plenty of space.Our room did not have a balcony but it did have a separate bedroom for parents with their own TV.This left the kids with the sofa bed and the other TV in the living room.Parents will understand the advantages of that!They are in the middle of construction work-namely demolishing the lighthouse that features in photos of the hotel-presumably to create more hotel space.We weren't inconvenienced by this -possibly because no one seemed to be at work on the site for at least half the week !The lifts do smell a bit mouldy as a previous reviewer noted but the rooms are fine.The main criticism of the place is the resort tax of $5 per day which covers pool use ,car parking etc-it's compulsory so why not add it upfront to the cost per night rather than having to pay extra at the end of a pre paid stay?On the other hand we did find it worthwhile to pay $10 extra per day for valet parking-the free parking over the road was awkward to get to and involves crossing a busy road as a pedestrian-no wonder everyone seems to drive even the shortest distances-you take your life in your hands if you set out on foot!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutley Positivly Horrible! It was absolutly horrible from the moment we arrived. My new husband and I went to Newport for our honeymoon. Staff were rude and unhelpful. Our room which we had to wait 3 hours for was gross. We asked for a king bed and got a double and thier definition of a jaccuzi is a dirty bathtub with jets. Room service walked in on us without knocking and did not appologize. We received provocative and disrupting phone calls the entire two days of our stay until we transfered motels because the staff was very rude and didn't even apologize for all of our troubles. Also, the pool was dirty and always full and the beach chairs and umbrella's were never available. Our honeymoon was ruined because of this sorry excuse for a resort.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Steer Clear! Reservations not kept!!!!!!! I traveled 3400 miles on the airplane and then they turned us away... after taking a full price reservation for over two months.We spent the first day of our Caribbean vacation at a dump because they couldn't honor our reservation.They OVERBOOK and the honor only time-share guests. Then they take your money and put you up in a lesser motel off the beach at your inconvenience.Wanna feel second class? GO here.Worst place to do business I've ever stayed. And now I'm getting the hassle of the year getting it resolved. The hotel blames Travelocity and Travelocity blames the hotel...RUN, Don't walk!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of family fun in a beautiful place and affordable My husband and I arrived with 5 kids ranging from age 11 to 17. Doing alot of research I wanted this trip to be awesome for all of us plus affordable. It was both. This place has the best atmosphere, as soon as you walk in you're happy to be there. The pool and beach area were perfect. Very well managed. The room accomodations were very nice. Service was very good and friendly. The food was good. Although we had plans to do other things while in Miami we could've easily just stayed at this resort the whole trip and had a great time! I highly reccommend this place to anyone traveling with kids. Very family oriented.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WORST PLACE I'VE EVER STAYED This was an absolute night mare from the start. I reserved a room through Premier Vacation Rentals (BIG MISTAKE). She charged me $145.00 for a room that they should of payed me to stay in. I didn't realize the price until I got back and looked on the internet and found rooms for $85.00. She gave me the wrong name of the resort so I couldn't look it up until I got back with the correct name but by then it was too late. When we first arrived there they did not have us in the computer so they had to get a manager to find it, he finally found it and they gave us a room. I payed for a 1 bedroom suite what they gave me was a 1 room with one bed (We had 5 people in our party) I told them no way then they give me a room that was so dirty with stains all over the couch with cigarette burns and I once again said no way they finally gave us a room which was a little better but by far not clean. I was afraid to use the bathroom it was so dirty. They even had mold on the shower curtain. We were lucky to get 2 washclothes a day (we stayed there 3 days too many). The people were very rude. The pool looked brown and there was always a ton of people in it. The only thing I enjoyed about this whole place was the pier and the beach. I don't know what pictures they have on the internet but it sure wasn't of this place. I would definitly not recommend this place to anyone. I was very disappointed. I brought my kids there thinking we were going to stay in this nice resort but instead was very embarressed. I would not ever stay at this resort again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel.. On our arrival, the desk clerk was not polite. The room was old, need re-decorating up to modern decor. I would not stay at this hotel by choice again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good time We just returned from an 8 night stay at this hotel and had a pleasant experience. The hotel itself is just OK, the staff OK, and the rooms OK. But for the price, it's a good bargain. The beach is terrific though. We stayed away from the pool area as the water didn't look very clear and it was packed with kids. The hotel restaurants are also just OK, but the prices are very reasonable. There are many restaurants around that are better, even some you can walk to. Parking across the street was also no big deal. The only real problem I saw was the elevators. They have only 3 and they were usually very crowded. We often had to let an elevator go by since it would already be full. But overall for the money this is a good hotel and good location.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and staff My wife and I recently stayed at the Newport Beachside hotel. It is a great hotel and has what we consider a phenomenal staff team. We have been very fortunate to have done alot of travelling around the world and thus consider ourselves knowledgeable on the subject. We are not very picky, but do require above average service when we do travel. This hotel trully is great for the price and the staff is a good example of great hospitable service.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bevisbf
<Content>above average for the price! We stayed at the Newport last week and had a very good experience. After reading some of the reviews I was a little concerned but we went any way and found the place rather nice. It was clean. The staff was friendly and the room was spacious. The beach was clean and the water beautiful. The pier was nice to stroll and look down on the fish. There was cigarette odor in the halls which I can't stand but my room was fresh smelling. My kids had a blast in the pool area on this big blow up slide they have there. All in all it was great for our family but I probably would not stay there if it was just my wife and I. It is more of a family place.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>well worth the money My friends and I recently stayed at the Newport Beachside resort for 5 nights. Our room itself did not have a ocean view which was a downside but was spacious and accomadating. However, the couches, beds, windows looked a little worn out and could have used some cleaning. The staff was very pleasant and maid service provided us with things whenever needed. The best part of this hotel would have to be the beach which is beautiful with clear sparkling water and the complimentary breakfast buffet. The hotel happens to be about 30 mins away from south beach which is a tiresome ride on the bus that stops every few seconds making the trip much longer than a half hour. Also there was not a lot of things to do for young adults because there was only one small bar across the street. All in all i would definitely recomend this hotel for rest and relaxation because the beach and pool are beautiful but think twice if you are looking for a wild time.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give this place a try! We arrived and our reserved room type was not available, but to our pleasant surprise, we were upgraded to one of the south facing rooms with a balcony so we had a georgeous beach view while sitting on the two chairs and table that were provided. The room had a vanity, small sitting area with a couch and coffee table, a refrigerator, microwave, a table for two, lots of mirrors and appeared to have been updated recently. There was a whirlpool tub but it was very narrow - not near big enough to hold two people but nice for one to relax.The staff was nice and helpful and the grounds were very clean. Very nice beach and pool area.We did not eat on premises, but did not notice the tiki hut or cafe open during our stay.This hotel is very convenient (.6 miles, I believe) to Haulover Beach. Haulover is very nice and has concessions, life guards, restrooms, etc.Self- parking (valet is $10 per day extra) is across the street. We did not find it difficult to cross the street - even with our luggage and the walk was no further than if the parking lot was next to the hotel.But, be aware! If you park in the lot across the street do not leave anything in your trunk and especially do not leave any packages, boxes, bags, etc. in the passenger area. Our first morning there, we woke up to find that approximately 12 cars on that lot had had windows bashed out of them or had the convertible tops slashed. Items and stereos were stolen. Luckily our vehicle was undisturbed.I understand the lot has 24 hour security but the attendant reportedly was in his air conditioned booth doing paperwork and didn't hear anything.In spite of the breakins, I would recommend this hotel and would definitely go back.   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Borderline at best Me and my wife stayed here for a week. I knew we were in trouble when the Complimentry Self Parking suddenly cost $5 per day (even though literature in the room still said it was complimentary). The $10 per day valet parking (plus tips) was the only staff members who were truly helpful at all during the stay. Except when a friend of mine came to pick me up, they harassed him considerably.Then the room ... the decor was nice, nothing special, nothing bad, but the bathroom was a science experiment gone wrong with the amount of mold on the ceiling and in the toilet (which to me showed a lack of cleaning).The beach was nice, and there are wooden cabannas or unbrellas you can sit under, again at an additional cost. The pier is a nice place to sit and eat ... pricey but nice. My wife had a facial at their spa, which she paid for with her credit card, and theyt also tried to bill to the hotel room, basically double charging us, which took a WHILE to straighten out.They also advertise they have a dive shop on premise for us scuba divers. And it's true, I did see a dive shop there, unfortunately it was NEVER open. And when you ask about it, all you're told is to find Ted, who despite my best efforts, I never did find.In all, the entire experience was borderline at best. Put it this way, I'm glad I did it once, becuase I sure wouldn't want to do it again.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible! Read all the reviews! I was excited about our trip to Miami and checked around for a great place to stay. I thought I read most of the reviews and picked this as our first stop. We got in late, no one spoke English or if they did it was hard to understand. They couldn't tell us where to find something to eat and none of their food services were available and it was only 11pm! ALL the rooms are smoking, don't let that fool you - the rooms STINK! I asked to change my room and they just laughed and said there was nothing they could do. The room was dirty and old, worn out! I cried and felt sick due to the stench. We had planned on staying several nights and I had to leave first thing in the morning. Breakfast was not that great and the pool area was not like the pictures! It was very upsetting and I tried hard to get my money back but they were not accomodating. I was misled by their photos and promises of a nice stay. I am a penny pincher and thought I got a great deal and in the end it cost me more money to find somewhere else to stay w/o a refund but I physically couldn't stay a minute longer. PLEASE read the reviews before you book!  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal, and had a Wonderful Time My friends and I just came back from a trip to Miami Beach and we stayed at the Newport Beachside Resort. We had four adults in the 2 bdrm room comfortably, and one more adult was able to joined us for two evenings. The beach was clean and comfortable. The view we had was amazing, though their is construction next door. The food was okay, not really worth the price, but there are some nice places to eat nearby. We were even allowed to check out at 1:00 without a fee, check our bags for a dollar a bag and use the changing room to freshen up before leaving for the airport. The only downside to this hotel is the maid service. While I appreciated the fresh towels everyday, the maid did not exchange our used coffee cups or water cups and we had to ask her for new ones. Also, on the day we checked out she knocked on our door before 9 am.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value!!!! We spent a 5 days at the Newport Beachside Resort (combination business/pleasure). We got a great deal thru Orbitz ($85/night + tax/$5 surcharge). I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this resort. We had a small 1 bedroom unit that had a small refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, 2 TVs, marble bath with jacuzzi tub. It was great for 2 and would probably work for a small family. The decor was very nice and the room looked like it had recently been redone. We had a north-facing room and had a partial view of the beautiful beach. Note: there are only a couple of balconies on the north side of the hotel. We did not have one.The pool and beach areas were very nice and well maintained. We had lunch in the pool side restaurant and it was fine.There are a few noteworthy restaurants in the strip malls across from the hotel. We ate at the Cuban El Tropico and at the Argentine Cambalache. Both were EXCELLENT and very reasonably priced. There is also a Starbucks for fellow coffee snobs.The free parking across the street was convenient.Our only complaints were that the room was not supplied with many utensils/dishes. In fact, we didn't have any spoons. We didn't report this and made due with what we had. In general, this was a great place for the money and highly recommended.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BEWARE !!! After staying here before and as a return guest, we were told on arrival  our time share owners changed their mind and your room is not availableThey aren't held to a schedule ????????? If a hotel will not honor a confirmed reservation OR at LEAST e-mail you ahead of time to tell you they are bumping you, they have a serious management problem in my view. By the way I booked this over a month in advance! We were sent to a Ramada that had closed all resturants and the beach bar for Passover. Translated all meals and drinks had be purchased off site and no drinks at the pool, we left as did many others only they were much more vocal as they were not told that this would be the case. I have no problem with the holiday or the closing only no one was apparently told and of course we were just sent there. By the way I had free nights with Trip Rewards for Ramada IF I had wanted to stay there. I can tell you of the multiple problems with Ramda if anyones wants to e-mail me. Broken locks, no food or drinks, etc. Bottom line I spent over $1,500 on air fare and car to get to Miami only to be told at CHECK IN that I have no room. I will NEVER stay at Newport again or reccomend it to other people ( like I had before ) to book this hotel. Final insult, I was told my credit card would be credited in 48 hours, 7 days later NOT ! By the way, very few balcony's at Newport and a staff at the front desk that could care less about bumping you!!!! Basically , too bad that is the way it is, go to the Ramada or find your own hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>1	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant The facilities are superb in the Newport Beach Resort Hotel. The hotel in general has a great atmosphere and the service is 5*. The location of the hotel is perfect for visiting South Beach on the Bus (15 minutes) or the Mall (north 10 minutes on the bus.) The food in the hotel is sublime especially the steak. The Beach is beautiful and a trip to the pier just off the hotel is essential. However if you are considering staying in this hotel, be sure to ask for a south facing room as a high-rise hotel is located to the north. Do not let this put you off the hotel is perfect in every way. Well worth the money.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Newport beachside resort My husband,daughter and a friend stayed for a week at the Newport hotel. We booked from one of the internet site from the 5th to the 12th of March for a 2bed one bath suite, including breakfast. When we got to reception we were told we have been upgraded to a suite overlooking the pool, beach and a balcony, which was breathtaking. Every morning we woke up to such stunning views, the layout of the pool next to the beach is very beautiful. We all enjoyed the daily breakfast(buffet). The staff were friendly and polite. Compare to others down Collins Avenue Newport is very good value for money. Every time we drove past the other hotel We could have paid double the price we paid for NP, I was pleased we didn't , but spent it on the car hire which added more enjoyment to our holiday.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at this hotel and we it was great, the service the amenities, everything... The rooms were spotless, they were very large and if you have a balcony looking at the Ocean than it is even better. This resort is in a very good location it was very safe and it reminded me of the suburbs of any large city. The food at the Hotel was amazing and so was this Hotel. We were there for Spring Break from College and it still wasn't very loud. The Staff was great and we had a wonderful time. I would highly recommend this Hotel to anyone. I am a Hospatality Major in college so i would consider myself a critic and would automatically look for flaws and i couldn't find any.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good hotel Hotel is very nice ....If you have children between the ages of say 5-15....they will be very happy..Lots to do for children..game room,pools,ect .the only thing that could have been better was to keep the hottub...open longer  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get a Lot for Your Money   showReview(1660768, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Resort.. Good Price.. No Complaints   showReview(1614690, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay Review   showReview(1482435, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not get our money's worth.   showReview(1434460, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Newport Resort   showReview(1372276, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed here twice and enjoyed it, but...   showReview(1153426, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time!   showReview(1144297, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO Not Stay Here!   showReview(1142748, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was nice, but..   showReview(1071061, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love this place   showReview(838112, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>supernaine
<Content>Merveilleux hotel   showReview(23291600, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pontan555
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(23144119, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>vanessachloe
<Content>Hotel NewPort BeachSide ....       piscina esterna  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	5	

<Author>mickie65
<Content>es gibt bessere Unterknfte!   showReview(20256849, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Woanders wrs schner gewesen!   showReview(20550313, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rien a faire pendant l'ouragan   showReview(20550312, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rossonero
<Content>perfetto con famiglia   showReview(19606989, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>arnouck
<Content>Hotel sympa, bon rapport qualit-prix   showReview(19256561, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>maribaptiste
<Content>a viter!   showReview(19182850, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Usine  touristes mais de qualit   showReview(19641709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel per famiglie   showReview(19641710, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel assez bruyant...   showReview(18530734, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>veramente comodo per un soggiorno a Miami   showReview(18530733, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a recommander   showReview(17430991, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr Empfehlenswert!   showReview(17430990, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>2MMENDES
<Content>TOP!!       la plage  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel spiaggia attrezzata ci tornerei   showReview(16585900, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avis gnral   showReview(15567089, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bruit   showReview(15567087, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel dmod   showReview(14729177, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Newport Beachside, excellente hotel de Miami Beach south   showReview(14729176, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nandaargentina
<Content>me sorprendio para bien, pero....   showReview(13737991, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Na ja...   showReview(13976084, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent rapport qualit /prix   showReview(13976083, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LAPOGIANNI
<Content>Sconsiglio vivamente   showReview(12961309, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un htel *** o les prestations sont de trs bonnes qualits   showReview(13195394, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nat_marseille
<Content>bon rapport/qualit prix       vu de la chambre  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19162523, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>prostmaster
<Content>Preis/Leistung absolut in Ordnung       Blick nach Norden  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Newport Miami   showReview(11396720, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Aitor
<Content>Mucho mejor de lo esperado!!!       Blick vom Hotelzimmer  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>huguette21
<Content>super   showReview(5625099, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>htel familial   showReview(11329610, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

