<Author>MD84
<Content>Great location!, Decent Hotel First of all amsterdam is very expensive, for example a standard pint of beer is 5 euros (not so bad back in the day, but now when the pound is roughly equal the euro, this is very expensive!). So for the cost of 160 euros each for 4 nights (mid week) was good. The hotel is located within 5 mins from central station (just across the street - just watch out for the crazy cyclists!!!). Clean and modern outside and reception (maybe updated from previous reviews?) Close (well within actually!) the heart of amsterdam. Room was clean, tidy, and spacious (absolutely no rats or bed bugs! - again maybe cleansed since prev reviews). Since the smoking ban ther hotel is no smoking (however next to my room 125, there was a door to a kind of unofficial pattio ,which was left open, where we smoked!) Staff were ok (sometimes a bit cold, but maybe thats the dutch for you?). A few points to mention, the mini bar is moderately expensive (2.50 euro for a mars or soft drink, 3 euro for beer - about a 200-300% mark up from local shops, although some shops were just as expensive for the drinks!), i ended up spending 80 euros on the minibar over a 4 night stay so not that bad - its holiday! Another thing is we wewre only given 1 key for a 3 person bedroom, however we stayed as a group anyway! Just to mention amsterdam in general i found very safe, Lots of police about, even the red light distrit is pleaseantly safe (you WILL be approached by drug dealers - just say no!), i was often by myself at night while i waited for my friends - had no problems wat soever! Overall good hotel, but amsterdam is very expensive, alot worse that london and other major capitals i have visited (madrid is very good!) so start savibg and saty at multatuli!!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>bkktripper
<Content>not bad, but not that great either I stayed here for one night as I was in transit to London, and wanted a room near Centraal Station. It's a 3 minute walk. Seems like a good 2 star hotel. Don't know why it gets a 3 star rating. Single room was tiny, even for Amsterdam standardsPrice seemed a little high. $198.Asked for a front room facing the train station, non smoking, got a back room, smoking. As I had just taken an 11 hour flight, I accepted, and got the room a full half hour before check in time of 1 PM. Staff was courteous. Room service food was average and a bit pricey.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>chick1709
<Content>Pleasantly surprised We were pleasantly surprised by the Multatuli Hotel in Amsterdam.We had booked it on account of it's central location and the Multatuli was the cheapest hotel in the area that didn't have completely shocking reviews.There were 3 of us travelling and we were put in the quad room which we felt was spacious enough for our requirements. The room was clean and well kept. The air conditioning was very efficient, if too efficient at times! But on the hot weekend when we visited, it was very welcome.The only downside was don't try and do too many electrical things at once, we had the TV, hair straighteners and hair dryer on and we blew a fuse twice in one night which was rather embarrassing having to go up a second time to explain that we had no power again.We found the receptionist to be helpful and our bags were put in lockers as we arrived before check in so we could have a look around and return to check in.The breakfast was adequate, generally a continental breakfast with some hot scrambled eggs if you were in time. It was a sufficient way to start the day.All in all, we felt that we had a lovely stay in the Multatuli and we would recommend it to friends and we would stay there again  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>bobbyv75
<Content>Absolutely HORRIBLE.. avoid like the plague!!! Absolutely lousy hotel...the room was small and dingy and the A/C was giving off such a bad smell that I had to turn it off!! The bed was horrible and it gave a backache after a couple of nights! Bathroom was smelling too, especially the WC. Light was blown in the entrance and did not get repaired throughout our 4-night stay in spite of repeated complaints. Breakfast was just about average with poor and repetitive choice. Service was lousy too.., the receptionist was cold and unhelpful. They never voluntarily give any useful information. Avoid this lousy hotel like the plague!! I paid over 拢90 (Euros 109) per night for a supposedly 3-star hotel that was worse than an average 2-star hotel!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Harrovian
<Content>A wise choice I chose to stay at the Multatuli Hotel partly on account of its convenient location ( just across the road from the station ) and also for the range of facilities on offer. The cost per night, including buffet breakfast and tax, amounted to 93 euros (拢76). I had booked a single non-smoking room, but since none was available on arrival I was upgraded to a triple room instead. There was a wardrobe with shelves and a safe, a minibar, tea and coffee tray, table and chairs, a TV with BBC1 and BBC 2 included, air-conditioning and best of all an immaculate bathroom with both bath and shower, Sheets and towels were changed daily and the room kept spotlessly clean. Although my room overlooked the main street opposite the station, there was no disturbance from traffic noise throughout my stay. Security is excellent too, since the main outer door automatically locks on exit and you press the buzzer to gain entry. The staff on the front desk were always available, welcoming and friendly and happy to temporarily store all my luggage on the day of departure when I checked out.Another nice touch is the offer of free tea/coffee and a piece of cake in the afternoon or evening. The breakfast room is comfortable and equpped with a plasma TV and aquarium.All in all I could not fault this hotel and would certainly return on a future stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>thechowder
<Content>BIG disappointment - ruined holiday. Just got back after four incredibly uncomfortable nights in the Multatuli. The big problem was the room, which in my experience would be lucky to be considered two star, not the three star advertised. First of all it was tiny. The room was long and narrow - about six feet wide by about 18 feet max, and it this narrowness that made it less than comfortable (see my comments about the bed further down which will hopefully explain what I mean by this). Into that was crammed a wardrobe with safe, a minibar fridge with a TV and radio alarm clock on top, a small round table and two chairs, and something that I can only call an excuse for a bed. It was no more than about four foot wide - we actually thought it was a large single bed. It was shoved against the wall at one side, with just enough room to walk past at the other (no bedside shelves/cabinets - just a shelf above your head). If you needed to go to the loo in the night you had to climb over your partner, and then try to climb back in and get comfortable enough to sleep. The tea and coffee making facilities were right at the bottom of the bed so that during the night the duvet would rattle cups, saucers and teaspoons if they weren't shifted out of the way, though finding somewhere to put them was a challenge.What's worse, the bed sagged at the edges, so you were either cramped up against your partner or sliding off the edge of the bed. It also had a tendency to slide away from the wall, which left you falling into a hole. And if that wasn't bad enough the wall is coated in some sharply textured white paint. I was left with a bleeding elbow after banging against it while trying, in vain, to get comfortable in the middle of the night. We had stayed in the Multatuli twice before and went back because it was clean, tidy, and very easily accessible (opposite the Central Station). But never again - it's still clean, tidy and of course accessible, but the rooms haven't been refurbished in years, it's very, very tired decor wise, and the room was atrocious for the money and star rating.Admittedly we opted for a smoking room and I suspect their smoking rooms are probably the worst in the hotel - it's the only reason I can think of for this room being so poor. It's no excuse though, we paid the going rate for a three star smoking room and feel totally ripped off.The breakfast was adequate, with the usual array of cheese, cereals and rolls. The coffee was in stay warm pots that didn't seem to do their job that well (lukewarm coffee was all you needed after a night in that bed). The scrambled egg was never the same two days in a row (ranged from cold and watery to fairly tasty, or on one occasion not there at all for about ten minutes, by which time I'd made do with a roll and cheese). There were also mini sausages which were nice and spicy and boiled eggs still in their shell. So overall, the breakfast was little more than something handy, so that you could go down get a bite to eat and then go back to bed to try to catch up on some of the sleep lost due to the bed. We never did though, which impacted on the rest of the holiday as we were constantly tired and not able to properly enjoy the sights and entertainment this fantastic city has to offer.The staff are friendly, and we were allowed to stay in the room until noon on checkout day as our flight wasn't until late that night. The bathroom was small and allowed just enough room for your knees when sitting, but it was spotlessly clean and if combined with a better room would not have been cause for comment either positive or negative - just OK. Wifi broadband can be purchased at about 10 euro a day, or just under 40 for a week.You may be wondering why we stayed in the room and didn't complain. We should have, but by the time we'd tried to sleep in the bed our stuff was already all unpacked and it seemed easier just to put up with it. I'm sorry now we did - never again. I'm also sorry I didn't take any pictures of the room but by the time we'd packed I just wanted to get out.Bottom line, if you're considering staying here I would advise you to make sure you get one of their better rooms. To say we were bitterly disappointed with the one we got is an understatement.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>sunnydaysEssex
<Content>great location! The Hotel Multatuli is directly accross the road from the central station.We took the train from the airport which took about 15mins. The hotel is old inside but the rooms are clean with a modernised bathroom.The foyer and dining room are lovely with fresh tulips on the tables every day. A complimentary cooked or cereal, toast, friut etc every day and free tea coffee and cake early afternoon and early evening!A great location for seeing the city and for walking along the canals. Shopping good and restaurants and cafes great.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ASyed
<Content>Great location and attentive front desk Stayed in a triple room with 3 mates facing the front of the hotel. Stay was for 2 nights mid-week. We were on a tight budget so decided to opt for the triple room with three single beds. There arent many hotels which offer a triple with 3 single beds. There was just enough room between the beds to shuffle through the gap to get into bed but that was OK as we only used the room to crash out in. The rooms were clean and bathroom was clean.A buffet breakfast was included in the price and included hot items such as scrambled eggs, bacon and bolied eggs. There was also the other items you would expect such as toast, cereals, cold meats etc. You could go up as often as you liked so that was a bonus.Staff were attentive and helpful and we found everything was clean. The hotel was bookedThere is a mini bar and safe which you have to pay a 20 Euro deposit for (refundable on return of the safe key). Nothing extra was charged to leave the baggage behind when we checked out. Maybe because it is off season or maybe because they dropped the charge?Downside: Room doestnt have tea and coffee making facilities. Us UK people know how important tea is!Upside: Hotel was fully booked during our midweek off peak stay so they must be doing something right.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mr_willis
<Content>Multatuli is wonderful! I booked this hotel a week or so before arriving. It was easy to book, the rooms were very clean and comfortable. Very close to the Central Station. Good walking distance to lots of things. I extended my stay from 1 to 4 nights. The guy at the front desk was really nice and we intend to stay again when we go for our honeymoon! Also, the rooms (stayed in 2 different rooms- a dbl and a triple) were definitely a good size.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJY
<Content>Overpriced The Multatuli is ideally placed for exploring central Amsterdam, and very convenient for the railway station.Having read other reviews here (after booking), I was a little worried that I might find the place crawling with rats - but fortunately, that wasn't the case. It did feel a bit grubby though with marks and stains on the walls and carpets. My room (a single) was small, but had had decent en-suite facilities and a comfortable bed. The breakfast also deserves mention as being very nice (although it is an extra cost on top of the room).For 拢20-30 (US$40-60) a night, I might have recommended this place - but the price I paid, 拢80 (US$160), felt extortionate. To be fair, though, I was staying for only a single, Friday, night, so may have suffered a weekend surcharge. (I note that it appears to be cheaper mid-week).If you can get a room for a budget price, and you're not looking for luxury, then you'll probably be happy. Otherwise, try elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Sapphoxxx
<Content>Great location We booked this hotel through hotels.nl after searching reviews both on here and their website and having had some dubious experience with hotels in Amsterdam before.Location-wise this hotel is fantastic, it's right opposite Centraal Station so no taxi's required from the station and it's right in the heart of Amsterdam, within walking distance to Dam Square, the Red Light District and all the great bars and restaurants.This hotel is clean and fairly comfortable and believe me, I have stayed in a lot worse in Amsterdam. I think the price you pay possibly reflects the location rather than the hotels amenities but in general I thought this hotel was fine for the price.The hotel reception is open, clean and welcoming, the front door is locked and opened only by the hotel staff which makes it really safe once you are inside. There are a few steep steps up the reception area which may pose a problem for those less able as the staff do not have a concierge service, although we did not have a problem.The corridors are narrow which is pretty much the same in every hotel I have stayed in this city and sometimes the corridors smelt of cannabis smoke and although this did not pose a problem for us it may for others. I would suggest though that you will find this in most hotels unless you go to the really expensive upmarket hotels.The bedroom was a little cramped, we had a double on the second floor and there wasnt much room to walk around after the case was put on the floor, the wardrobe was a good size, one half was shelving and the other half was hanging space although there were only 4 hangers so there is a limit to what you can hang up unless you take your own.The bathroom was lovely, very clean and a good size, the shower was excellent and there were clean towels every day. The room was cleaned and the bed remade every day, I could not fault the cleaning staff at all.We never used the breakfast option when we booked as I knew there were loads of nice cafes for breakfast nearby.On the down side, the hotel charge for storing luggage on the day of departure which I think is a bit of a rip-off. It's a standard rate of 5 euros which I think is steep considering we were only leaving our case for 1 hour. On check-out they don't print you out a receipt and I think they may have over-charged us for the mini-bar, their card machine was not working either when we checked out which meant we had to go to find an ATM to get cash before we were able to leave. Luckily we had plenty time before our flight or this may have become a problem.I thought 10 euros for internet access per day was a little steep, although the wireless connection was perfect and we never had any problems at all.We had a room at the back of the hotel (room 243) which was fantastic as there was no noise issues at all. The room was always nice and warm too, but not stuffy.All in all, I think I would go back to this hotel which is a first for me in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gnasherwood
<Content>Good hotel Hotel was in very good condition and very clean, no rats or bedbugs! We found the staff polite and helpful. No problems with the room at all. Breakfast was fine and plenty of it. Overall great value for money and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>LeaXJac
<Content>Better than expected!!! Glad we stayed!! My friend and I have just returned today after a 3 night stay at the Multatuli, and after reading some of the reviews on this website It really freaked me out!! I was so worried after talk of Bedbugs and Rats, and really was dreading it! but as I looked on this website only the night before we went it was too late to do anything about it, but I was worried about nothing and was pleasantly surprised, we had a twin room (125) which was a good size; Two beds, a wardrobe dressing table, a corner table with chair and a sofa chair, plently of room!! The bathroom was great, brilliant shower!! ok so it's not massive but there's usually only one in at a time so I don't really see this as a problem, the room was clean and the beds were made everyday and we always had fresh towels, the TV channels were great, as most things were in english with Dutch subtitles and the Mini Bar was handy, ok so it's not really cheap but you're on holiday!!! And at no point did we see any Rats or Bedbugs, we checked!!! There are steps up to the reception, but only about 6 or 7!! It's a central location and I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone!! Glad we stayed!!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>thumbelinadream
<Content>perfect hotel I don't understand some of the fussy reviews on this site, who cares if the bread was a bit dry or the room smells of cannabis (it's Amsterdam what do you expect!). This hotel is in a great location for central station and the staff are friendly (although we didnt need to speak to them throughout our stay anyway). Breakfast is not included in the price unlike most of the other hotels which is a bonus because we knew we would never be up in time. The double room we had was a decent size and had everything you would expect (the power shower was amazing) and it also had air con and an opening window. There's also a good size cable tv with loads of channels that we watched into the early hours.Taking food, drink and weed into the room is not allowed but its easy to sneak in and they didnt say anything to us about it. Theres also a good minibar with snacks if you get the munchies. I would definitely stay here again, you do pay a bit more than other hotels but its a three star and its worth it not to have a hot and stuffy room. Obviously some other guests may have had problems here but our stay here was excellent  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>avid_indy_travelers
<Content>Great Location, price and room We are a couple who stayed here with our teenage daughter for 3 nights. The hotel is a stone's throw from the Centraal station and Dam and within easy walk from several organic / vegeterian restaurants. They did not have a non-smoking room available with a double bed, so we had to take a triple room with 3 single beds and join 2 of them. The room was clean with everything you would expect including an alarm clock. We ran into at least 4 front desk staff and all of them were very friendly. (Note, we did overhear someone saying that their room did not have a safe - ours did). Although the wash basin sink was slow to drain, it was no biggie. We would definitely stay here again as it was much cheaper than some other hotels in the area, but had the same facilities. Wish they would offer a rate with breakfast included, but that seems to be an exception rather than the norm in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>sparklymonkeys
<Content>Frankly, a bit odd. This hotel, be warned, bares no resemblance whatsoever to the photos on the website. Me and 2 mates went for a girly weekend in a triple room with 3 single beds. We essentially got a cupboard with a double (which I have to say was the smallest double I've ever seen) and a single. The ceilings were bizarre which actually gave it quite a lot of charm and character, unlike the suspicious stains on the carpet. The hotel staff were surly and unhelpful and the stairs were perilous (but so are all the stairs in Amsterdam so we won't hold that against them). We didn't eat at the hotel at all so can't comment but breakfast was very expensive when there are so many nice cafes close by. BUT on the plus side, it was reasonably prices, the bathroom was nice with a good shower and the location is fab. 5 mins walk from the train station.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Cloughd
<Content>Does exactly what it says on the tin Thought it only fair to write a review after using other people's to book a hotel in Dam. You are not going to get any bargains in Amsterdam.Therefore go for Value for money which I think this hotel is. Decent price, few mins walk from Central Station, and about the right distance from where everything goes on at night.The room (124) we stayed in (3 beds) was a good size, no other rooms around it etc. The view wasn't great but you don't go to Dam to sit in your room drinking tea looking out the window.Very clean room, good beds, decent TV but the best feature was the bathroom and shower. Best shower I've had in a hotel, and after a couple of mins you could create your own steam room (great for gettting creases out of shirts!!)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>koodos2123
<Content>Great Hotel, A+ location and helpful staff... Wow, some of the people really nag on this place, but from my experience at this hotel all those negative reviews seemed untrue. Our room had an awesome view of central station and was pretty big and very clean for a european hotel. We found the staff to be very helpful and the 24 hour room service is GREAT for those late nite cravings or even for ordering breakfast to your room, the food is very moderately priced. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable. No complaints other than I found the 10 euro a day for wifi a bit steep when you can just go around the block for affordable internet access. All in all a great hotel, we definately be staying there again on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>roofer32
<Content>good price for decent hotel after reading some reviews after i'd booked i was a little concerned, but with 3 late 30's guys from lancs heading over who were veterans of eastern europe hotels, i just couldnt see it being a problem. the hotel is about 300yds to the right as you emerge from central station and on arrival is clean and what your looking for. the room was clean, modern and the beds very comfertable. the en-suite was defo upto 3 star so no complaints from me. the whole stay was good and apart from 3 beds squeezed in a 2 bed room, i have no complaints at all. staff were friendly and helpfull and it was just a short stroll from the sights and bars. the reports on here about rats and dirty rooms are totally wrong in my oppinion and im 100% sure we didnt stay at the same hotel. i was on the first floor at the front and can only give it a thumbs up as a 3 star.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ElCoburno
<Content>Average Hotel... We decided to stay an extra night in Amsterdam having stayed in the Golden tulip which was then booked out. We booked online and were pleasantly surprised, the lobby looked very well and the staff were helpful although a bit slow (all of them!). When you open the door into the hotel it soon becomes an older style hotel that could pass for a BB the lift is up a few steps which might not be good for those travelling with kids or people with disabilities. We asked for a smoking room but were not given one, no big deal. The room was small and dark and vbery old fashioned. The fittings were made of that old style plastic / wood that reminds me of my grannies house, also fine but not exactly cutting edge design! Bathrooms looked refurbished which was good. The air con in the room is a box in the wall. The hotel is fine, it is basic just do not expect much. It also costs 鈧? to put your bags / cases into a locker after you have checked out, I thought this was a bit odd. Location is great though, would recommend for young singles not really a romantic getaway destination.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>KevinKeegan
<Content>"Laid back, Dude" Four of us ( two couples) stayed at the Muultatuli in early November, after booking it some months before as we couldnt get in the Bulldog and went for it as last resort as we expect to be out most of the time cruising the street man! I read the reviews just before we wre due to go and it frightened the life out of the wives, what with talk of giant rats  bed buds! As we left it late to change we just went for it and found it spot-on. No rats or bed bugs (as far as i could see for any of us) the rooms were ok and as for the steep steps in the reception, hows about not bringing kids to Amsterdem any way (unless getting your kids stoned is your thing). Again do not worry about going here, its OK!Have fun dudes  dudettes!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sox12
<Content>I would recommend this hotel no problem I am just back from my 2 night stay in Multatuli Hotel. I read all the reviews before my stay and was very sceptical about it. It's amazing what some people complain about!! The hotel is dead central -I went for 2 nights on my hen with 10 other people. Not one of us had any problems whatsoever. Reception is open 24 hours so you can come and go as you please. The owner of this hotel was very pleasant and went out of his way for us. He is there every night. Not once did I see any mice, there was no smell off any carpet. It was pretty cold in Amsterdam but the hotel was warm and the showers were piping hot.Its basic the accommodation but its comfortable and warm. It's ideal for a short city break and across the road from the Central Station. I would have no problems recommending this hotel to anyone who is considering a trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Arjan#2
<Content>Multatuli - Mashed Stayed at the Hotel Multatuli at Beginning of November. After reading the other reviews on this website I would like to make the following points; The Hotel is basic, i.e No swimming pools, e.t.c. The rooms are small but clean and tidy.  The hotel is in a good location. I did not see or hear any Rats - however I stayed on the first  floor and would say that if there is a rat problem it would be in those rooms located in the basement of the building. Maybe the people who saw the rats where under the influence? There is a very slight whiff of Cannabis in the reception,  however there is a Koffee shop next door so what do you expect? If you don't like this then I sugguest you dont go to Amsterdam???? I personnaly like this touch as it adds a  certain ambience to the place. All in all the hotel is not over priced for Amsterdam, however I was annoyed to be charged 5 euros to leave my cases for a couple of hours on my departure day.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>eatingchocolate
<Content>One of my top 5 worst hotel experience Just as I'm trying to book a hotel in Amsterdam again, Multatuli Hotel comes up in searches, and the awful experience re-emerges in my head. It was really really awful, the experience is still fresh in my mind after almost 2 years. i'm determined that I won't be back. Never ever.I stayed in a very small single room. Once you entered the room there is a small desk and a wardrobe on your right, the bed is right in front of you (you'll be facing the length of the bed, pillow side on your left), and if you turn left there is the bathroom. At the end of your bed there is a window. The air con is right above the bed.The bathroom smelled of urine. The air con made me cold but there is no way to turn it down, and if you turn it off... it gets worse... there is so much dust in the room that if you turn off the air con, the dust instead of kept on being blown about in the room it settles on you. I could feel dust coming down on my face, my arms, all over me. In the end I couldn't bear it anymore and turn the air con back on.The alternative is to open the window - but being a single female staying - I kept it locked and suffer the cold air con and i could not sleep all night. Because of the small room size, the noise in the corridor is clearly audible. What is the point of renting a room if I couldn't sleep in it?  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissLister
<Content>Never Again! We have just got back from the Multatuli and I wish I had read this website before I booked the hotel. Firstly the room was tiny, nothing like the photograph on the website. The bed was uncomfortably small and there was a tiny window with shabby curtains. A 'cell' would be a more appropriate title. The coffee shop smell was also lingering in the main entrance.My main gripe is Rats or Rat. I don't know how many because I didn't see one but I most definitely heard one. At 5.30 a.m. my husband and I awoke to an extremely loud rustling noise. I whacked the light on and the noise stopped instantly. There was a paper bag on the floor that had a tiny amount of food in. We looked around the room and saw nothing. Actually I was quite convinced it was a ghost to begin with and I stayed awake in the darkness. About an hour later I heard the noise again. I wanted to book another room as I couldn't bear the thought of another night locked in this rustling cell but my husband refused to pay out more money. As I said, we didn't actually see a rat and I was pretty convinced the room was haunted so we did not say anything to the management. It did cross our minds that it could have been a rat though. I did think it was a little strange paying up front for a hotel?After reading the other comments on here I definitely think the Multatuli has a rodent problem and I for one would never return to it.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trekka
<Content>Much better than expected! I initially booked this hotel through Hotels.NL and my friend then recommended I check it out on this website, and I was absolutely devastated when I read the other reviews!Bed bugs and rats! If I could have cancelled there and then I would, but we were past the cancel date so we decided to brave it, and just leave if it was bad. Thank goodness it wasn't!!!We arrived in Amsterdam and found the hotel straight away, perfect location! The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, and the reception area is lovely. There are some steep steps to get into the reception, which might be a problem if you are travelling with children, etc, but fine for us.The room (123) was ok in size and was very clean. There were one or two minor touches that had been overlooked, eg, the bathroom had obviously been recently refurbished and needed an extra coat of paint on the ceiling, one of the lampshades needed replacing and the curtains had come down at the edge, but otherwise a very nice room! Beds were very comfy! lovely matress! And absolutely NO signs of rats or bed bugs (trust me, I checked!!!)I would stay here again if I came back to Amsterdam. I think for the price we paid (100 euros for twin room for 1 night) it was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>KingCanute
<Content>Perfect base The Multatuli's location makes it an ideal base for a weekend trip like we had in Amsterdam. It's just across the road from Centraal Station and is within a couple of minutes walk of tram-stops and the like.The hotel is basic but very clean (could do with a lick of paint here and there though) and when you look around the city I think you could easily pay a similar price and end up with a much poorer quality hotel. Breakfast not included and the 鈧?.50 charge put us off as there are lots of cafes around which are a lot cheaper.We were a group of six and on the whole we were more than satisfied with Multatuli. Would stay there again without hesitation.And if you fancy a night-cap the Cafe Kobalt across the canal is the perfect spot.........we should know  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marvellous Multatuli! Great location with a short walk from Centraal Station where most people probably first arrive in Amsterdam, quite expensive but then most Amsterdam hotels seem to be. My room (122) was very quiet and clean and the breakfast was fine - lovely crusty bread! I will stay there again if I return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rats in the rooms I should have read these reviews before deciding to stay at this hotel. I found a good rate over the internet and decided since it was so close to Centrum I'd book it for my wife, one year old son, and I to stay for three nights. The first thing I noticed was that although they advertise an elevator, you have to walk up nearly a flight of stairs to get to to it. Not real baby friendly. Also, you have to pay for your stay in advance, which normally wouldn't bother me, but it turned out to be a problem later...read on. When we got to the room I realized that the rooms looked deceivingly larger on the website I made the booking through. The first night went without much incident, but the floor above us creaked and woke the baby a few times. On the second night we were awakened to the sound of rustling in our trash can at about 2am. When I threw on the light I discovered a rat scurrying away. We wated up for a while to see if it came back and after about an hour we tried to go back to bed. But after about 30 minutes of darkness, the rat came back. My wife couldn't take it and we requested to move rooms. The man on duty was nice enough to give us a larger room on the second floor and appologized for the inconvenience. We moved up to the other room only to discover either the rat had followed us and brought a friend, or that the hotel had a rodent problem. Needless to say, we weren't real interested in spending the third night there and asked to check out later that morning. Unfortunately the manager was not there and the person on duty wasn't trained on making a refund to a credit card, so I had to go back once again to ensure my thrid night was properly refunded. My advice, don't stay at this hotel, or if you're still thinking about it after reading this, at least ask if they've got their rodent problem under control before you do.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so bad I had booked this hotel via the web. I decided to read some reviews the night before i went for my break. I was horrified to read what i did as we have gone to amsterdam for 6 years now and thought i had booked a bit more expensive and better facilities than we were used to i.e. roomservice and ensuite.The reviews were all negative. We decided not to bother just make our minds up oursleves. I am glad we did and I can say our stay was great the rooms were adequate the shower was powerful and clean, lots of hot water. room service was good. No-one bothered us which was good because we were away for a quiet break. We rated this an average hotel for the price and not near as bad as some of the reviews.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bedbugs! Stayed here in September of 2003. I'm used to small rooms in Amsterdam hotels, so I wasn't bothered bythat too much. However, the bedbugs were a different story. I had never seen a bedbug before until I stayed here. I noticed a couple of bugs on the wallafter my first night. After checking on the Internet, I confirmed that they were in fact bedbugs. Foundsome more under my mattress and got the heck out of there. The hotel had a sign saying no food wasallowed in the rooms. Likely assuming the bugs were drawn by food and not understanding that they wereif fact bedbugs whose food is human blood! Yuck.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go elsewhere!!! I struggled between rating this as 'Terrible' and 'Okay, but some problems' because neither seemed to fit! Still, it'd have to be pretty awful to be 'Terrible' -- yet I wouldn't say it was 'Okay' either. My boyfriend and I stayed for 3 nights over the New Year's holiday 2003-2004  I'm sure we paid the price considering that time frame in Amsterdam. I can't see how this place would rate any stars at all? The rooms are tiny, you DO have to pay a deposit to even have a remote control for the TV (how weird is that?!)--I guess on the assumption that you want to steal the remote control(?), and every night we slept there--I felt itchy like tiny things biting me from the duvet or bedclothes. While I enjoy a good 'coffeeshop' along with many other tourists while in Amsterdam, I don't expect my hotel to SMELL like a coffeeshop throughout--there's a lot to be said for clean, fresh air!! And I'm talking the lobby, the corridors, the stairs, the elevator, etc. The convenient location  mostly friendly staff that we experienced still did not warrant these major cons for our pricey stay. We will definitely go elsewhere next time!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid the Multatuli! We were quoted 590 Euros for a twin room (without breakfast). This was increased to 620 on arrival. We were told this was tax. They demanded payment up front although it is normal practice to settle up on the last day. There were hidden charges eg for the room safe; for the mini bar and even for using the TV remote control! The staff weren't very friendly. The room was clean enough but sometimes they didn't change the bedclothes or the towels and we had to remind them! It is in a nice, central area but this place claims to be a three star hotel? I've stopped in another three star in Amsterdam and the service was better without all these sneaky hidden charges! Next time we'll go to a two star hotel and get a better service!   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carolinus
<Content>Great for a short break! We are a group of 4 girls and we stayed here for 3 nights in March 2004. The location was great, couple of mins walk from the station, so easy access to/from the airport plus the trams around town. Easy walking distance to all the 'sights' of Amsterdam and safe to walk at night. We had the only 2 rooms on the top floor which were ideal as we could leave the doors open to chat and drink wine as we got ready to hit the town without bieng disturbed! The hotel was basic but it was clean and the staff were friendly. For a cheap and cheerful short break in an ideal location I would highly recommend it, but if you want 2 rooms ask for the top (3rd) floor....  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go elsewhere if possible I've stayed in worse hotels, but there really is nothing about the Multatuli that would make me recommend it for anyone else. Amsterdam is a very expensive city as far as accomodation goes but if you can find another hotel at the same price I'm sure it'd be better. The rooms were very small with paper thin walls. Amsterdam has a great night life so whenever someone would arrive back at the hotel at 2am above us, below us or in any room near to us we'd be woken up and eventually have to go and ask them to talk quitely. Also our room had windows facing the street so there was traffic noise all day long, the owners need to invest in some decent windowframes to minimise the noise, they were dated and wooden. There is no tea/coffee facilities in any of the rooms, I believe you have to pay to use the safe, and if you want to change the channel on your TV you need to go and purchase a remote for ?20 (you get this back but I think it's a bit rude). They also charged us ?2 for each calls that we RECEIVED! The cleaners would burst into our room at least once a day (usually while we were asleep or in a state of undress) even though there was a 'do not disturb' sign on the door EVERY single time! But the worst factor was the staff at the front desk who actually yelled at me and my girlfriend; to enter the hotel you have to ring a bell, be VERY careful that you only ring it once, ring it twice within a 60 second period and you too well get a stern telling off from these extremely rude dutchmen and women. Other than that, lovely, a bargain at ?100 a night. No breakfast included.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oscargo
<Content>que mal   showReview(6026611, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	2	3	2	-1	

