<Author>ev94114
<Content>Nice McResort This was a nice place to stay. Not a lot of character, but the rooms were relatively clean. The floor was somewhat covered in sand, but for the most part, the beach stayed outdoors. The grounds are gorgeous and the Las Palmas cafe was pretty good, not great but good. The service and live guitar player made it a very pleasant dining experience. There's no beach to speak of so you'll be heading down the coast for that.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	3	4	5	

<Author>SunseekerNewYork
<Content>Rotten, Lying Management       Looking at ocean view rooms behind and right of dive shop  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>13chiefs
<Content>Liked it a little Beautiful place, very little to do here during the day, nothing to do at night, and bugs day and night. It is overpriced.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>sindoria
<Content>Not worth the money We stayed at the resort the week between christmas and New Years. We had mixed feelings about our stay at the resort.On the one hand the resort is away from it all and is a good place to relax and unwind, on the other hand the facilities at the resort especailly the accomodations could use some face lifting.Focusing on the good things, the pools are great, there are enough activities to keep kids busy for a few days. The resort is close to some of the nicer beaches we have seen in Puerto Rico.On the flip side the accomodations are just bad compared to the money being charged. A Super 8 motel would have better accomodations than these guys. If your idea of accomodations is a squeaky iron bed on wheels with a really old uncomfortable matterss then this is the place for you. The TV's are the small RCA TV's from I dont even know when. I also dont see any reason for paying more for ocean view rooms as opposed to garden view...I dont really see the difference since there are only two floors in the buildings. The resort is away from it all so be prepared to pay top dollar for the two on site restaurants.Summing it up we think that the resort is really not worth the money , if you really want to explore the beautiful beaches in this section of puerto rico there might be better places to stay.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>udalum
<Content>A Pretty Good Stay Location: This hotel was located in Guanica, and was surrounded by a large park with a lot of hiking. The beach was pretty good. There was not much visibility to snorkel from the beach. Since the water was clalm, it was quite easy to swim in the ocean. There was lots of seaweed on the bottom, so sand shoes are recommended. The people at the hotel speak English, but many of the surrounding areas do not. We speak passable Spanish, so we did not have a problem.The rooms: The rooms were fairly big, and allow room to spread out. The beds were uncomfortable for me and my spouse, because anytime one of us moved, the other felt it, and woke up. The rooms were quite quiet. I saw a cockroach once in the room, which grossed me out. I would expect this to happen, though. The restaurant: We ate at the cheaper restaurant just one night. The food was just o.k., and was quite overpriced for the quality. Gilligan's Island: The island was just a short boat ride away. The visibility for snorkeling was just fair. I was able to see a needlenose fish, a puffer fish, and some other fish. We did not like hanging out here too long, because we like to lay on a beach and get some sun. There was not a lot of room for that. I was unimpressed with this island.The Hiking: It was interesting, but very similar to what we have seen in Arizona. Day Trips: We went to Arecibo, and tried to see the caves. It was unclear whether the caves would be open or not, and they ended up not being open. To get there, we took the mountain route through the center of the country. It was nice for the first few minutes, but after that time it was long an repetitive. We drove back to the hotel by using the route that circled the west part of the island. That route was full of strip shopping malls. I would not recommend making the trip to see just Arecibo, unless someone was really interested in space. We also visited Ponce and El German. Ponce was a little dumpy for us. El German was much more quaint. Who would be happy here?: I would say don't make the trip to the southwest of the island unless you are an avid hiker who would explore the park at Guanica, and other hiking areas close by. Also, it is important to know some passable Spanish.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	4	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JackieElla
<Content>Copamarina Soothed the Cranky Traveler I will start this review by saying that my daughter and I call my husband The cranky traveler. He pretty much hates the process of travel and it takes him days to get in the groove of the vacation. That was not the case at Copamarina. He instantly fell in love with the casual, peaceful atmosphere and the beautiful grounds and pools. I had to literally drag him out of the jacuzzi when it was time for dinner. We both truly enjoyed the food and the ambience. Our room was clean and comfortable (we had a Deluxe Ocean View room), and management was very responsive with the few requests that we had (extra pillows, etc.)We tend to be pool people, not beach people, so we didn't have an issue with the beach as some people seem to have. However, during our stay, there were people on the beach having a great time.We are avid golfers and took two days to play at the new 18 hole course in Ponce - Costa Caribe. Heaven!We will go back in 09 as this may well be our new favorite escape.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NancyAdam
<Content>Have been there many times, I love it and will keep going back       On the pier  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>olde_tyme_style
<Content>Paradise Found It has been quite a while since I stayed at the Copamarina, but the memories are so vibrant that it seems like it was just yesterday...If you are looking for a secluded tropical atmosphere, than this is the resort for you. On the southwestern side of the island, you are almost a 3 hour car ride from the hustle and bustle of San Juan. The property grounds are expansive and quiet and the property is on a white sand beachfront that is very clean. What I really loved is that scattered about the property are aviaries with beautiful parrots inside. Some of the aviaries are larger than others. The parrots did not make any noises that would disturb guests. Matter of fact, they were much quieter than the guests. I would have liked to see the parrots have more activities in their cages because some looked bored and some looked like they were in too small of cages and like they existed solely for their beauty and not their comfort.The room I stayed in was nice. It was on the ground floor of a two story building. There was a nice door that opened to the gardens with tropical flowers that I enjoyed. The garden door had a top and a bottom that can be opened in two different pieces for a nice ocean breeze if you choose. The decor was nice too. It was not top of the line, but in good condition, tropical and pretty. The bathroom had a few small rogue ants on the counter that most likely came in through an open window near the ceiling. I really dislike bugs, but the ants did not bother me at all and I was able to quickly get rid of them and I don't remember them coming back after that. There was a fantastic ocean view from the room when the garden door was open. The grounds were well maintained.The housekeeping staff did a nice job at maintaining the room during my stay and the public areas were kept clean too. The cleaning staff mops the terra cotta tile in the common area outside the front of the room early in the morning so be careful, I slipped and fell on the wet floor, but was ok so just laughed it off. I needed to use the laundry machine and I don't recomend it for delicate garments because it ripped an item, but overall no biggie - I didn't have a garmet bag for the wash as I would at home.The beach was amazing and I did many watersports. I took an aqua cycle, kayak and a water scooter and had a great time. I didn't think these were included in the price of my stay since I didn't go all-inclusive, but didn't get charged extra for these when I checked out. There were great lounge chairs sunk partially into the ocean that were so memorable to me. It was such a greta experience to be lounging in the late afternoon sun and have gentle waves washing up on the seat of the lounger to cool me down. The water was so blue and was never rough surf.The restaurant was tasty. Breakfast had a variety of hot and cold items and was included because I booked using the Puerto Rico Is Fun package. I don't know if the country's tourism department still promotes tourism with this package. I did dinner at least one night and remember having a tender fillet with baked plantain chips garnished with caribbean fruits-yum! If you are looking for a relaxing vacation or a vacation where you can be in touch with nature in the ocean or at the dry forest nearby than this is for you. I am not a surfer, but nearby in Rincon there is great surfing and beaches, although becoming increasingly popular since my stay. If you would like to leave the resort to explore I recomend a car rental since you are in a secluded area of the island. There was also a bioluminescent bay in Llajas where you can take a boatride to see. It was threatened by boat pollution 6 years ago so I don;t know if you can still see it. Llajas is a very small town with friendly people. If you are not comfortable with this type of environment than the boatride might not be for you.I didn't want to leave and tried to extend my stay on the day I checked out, but the resort was booked solid. Locals sometimes come to stay at the resort to enjoy themselves because it is so beautiful and offers many fun amenities.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>ManoloJuncosPR
<Content>great place to stay.       Jacuzzy area  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cathy47
<Content>Nice property, poor beach. The grounds of the resort are very beautiful and very well maintained. The room was also clean. There are two pools which were nice. The beach, however, was terrible. We usually go to a beach every summer and spend most of the day lounging on the beach. This beach was so unattractive, we didn't even want to look at it. This was the first time we ever vacationed at the beach that we stayed away from it. Really missed hearing ocean waves. Having said that, everything else was nice. So, if you are looking for a beautiful beach vacation...stay away from here. If you are the type that loves to lounge at the pool, this is a great place as the pool area is very relaxing with many beautiful flowers.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NatureDude
<Content>Copamarina good value but skip the beach Since this resort has a lot of mixed reviews I thought I'd add our experience. First, the staff was great and upgraded us without asking to a suite at the end of a building so it had views on 3 sides. The room was great with nice if a bit cheap furniture, comfortable bed, sitting area, etc. The resort grounds are very nice with typical tropical resort landscaping and a nice newer pool at one end. The restaurant and bar are also quite nice. The resort is well patronized by Puerto Ricans as we were possibly the only gringos there at the time but we still felt very welcome. Now for the negative part: the beach is not conducive to laying out or swimming. It is a very biologically-active beach so we're talking muck that smells like raw sewage making it rather unpleasant to try to lay out within 30 feet of it let alone swim near shore. The owners claim it is a bioreserve and so the intact sea grass beds create this situation. That is fine but it is not a pleasant beach atmosphere. The swimming beach a short walk away is a public park beach that we found littered with garbage and excrement and it has an extremely steep profile so waves break right on it making it unsuitable for swimming especially for children. The cove however is really nice and we rented a hobie cat and had a great sail. While we were there a sunken boat was blocking the way to Giligan's Island so we could not get there, perhaps that has been cleared by now. I would still recommend this resort as a good value with nice amenities but I'd drive somewhere else for beaches.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Justine77
<Content>Peaceful, Idyllic, Serene My husband and I stayed at Copamarina for my birthday - and what a perfect gift it was. The grounds are beautiful, and the whole resort is filled with a peaceful, tranquil ambience. It was the best getaway for our busy lives. We booked the All-inclusive package, and it is really a great value. The spa treatments were heavenly, and we took a day trip to hike in the Dry Forest. Copamarina is the perfect place to be active or to relax, whatever you want to be each day. For the record, we thought the food was awesome (to contradict what some posters have stated). But, to each his/her own I guess. We loved our stay and will be back, soon I hope!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Coqui55
<Content>Not Worth the Money Since the Hilton at Ponce was booked we opted to stay at the Copamarina because of the proximity to Ponce and that the resort listed beach front. Although the room rates were somewhat high I figured that the hotel/resort would be worth the stay. Was I wrong! The room is old and in need of renovation. The beds are hard and horrible. Not comfortable at all. The A/C unit did not work properly, it was barely 75 degrees in the room. The TV did not have a good reception. I informed the front desk of these problems and none were corrected. I was offered another room, however when I checked the other room the A/C had the same problem, and the room wasn't any better. The beach was horrible! A public beach is a few hundred yards away and the swimming there is awesome, the water is clean. Yet, at the Copamarina the water and sand is disgusting. The resort nickles and dimes you for everything, even a short trip to a nearby island. (The Conquistador in Fajordo has a private island and they don't charge you to take you there). When you go check out the beach towels you are immediatley told that there is a $15.00 dollar fee per towel if you don't return them. If you want to take a kayak there is a fee. There is nothing for free!!! And the resort charges too much to stay there!. The restaurant, The Alexandra, is rated five stars. However, when we ate there the food was horrible. My sister-in-law and my husband ordered the same dish, the shrimps were hard. My sister-in-law's husband ordered a New York Strip and was brought another type of meat that was hard and dry. The food took forever to reach the table. While we made reservations for 8:30pm, ordered crab cakes (which were horrible), it an hour to get our food. And the restuarant was not full. The waitress was less than pleasing. In addition, when I got my credit card bill the Copamarina charged me additonal for unknown reason, which I am disputing. I would not recommed this hotel to anyone. If you can't find somthing in Ponce keep going. Save your money. And I agree with the last entry, the reception desk was less than friendly when I told them the problems that we had experienced. Even thought I had spoken to the same person on the phone about the room's A/C and TV problems he asked me upon check out if I had reported these problems.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>nut4cars
<Content>Great Family Vacation We had a wonderful time. We thought the hotel grounds were beautiful. The rooms were very nice,clean and comfortable. The food at the restraunt was very good. We felt the breakfast buffet was excellent but a little too pricey for breakfast. This was a very kid friendly resort. We had a 3 year old with us and there was plenty to do to keep him occupied. We would very much like to return and stay longer. This time we only stayed 3 nights next time we would like to stay at least 5 nights. We recommend going to Gilligans Island good snorkling and swimming.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pathfinders51
<Content>One of a Kind       gorgeous surroundings  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ThalassaPR
<Content>Arrogant receptionist - and supervisor Arrogant and unaccommodating receptionist and supervisor during check-in (air-conditioner malfunction in room - refused to change room). Other hotel staff were pleasant. Overpriced accommodations (dismal, old-fashioned room decor) and loud music from neighboring bar between 4:00 and 8:00 pm. The beach is attractive but has sea grass everywhere. Redeeming features: access to Gilligan's Island ($7.32 per person), clean pools, exceptional landscaping.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>yctorres
<Content>Relaxing I visited Copamarina with my family in April. I needed sometime to just relax, tan and be with my family. I definitely had the experience I was aiming for. I love the employees and the food. Thanks to Omar Figueroa and Congrats to William Mancia. I will definitely come back.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UnhappyBayamon
<Content>Beautiful View/Needs service updates I stayed at Copamarina for a girlfriends wedding. I have to say I was very disappointed. As soon as I arrived to my room, I discovered there was a roach in the ceiling. I was immidiately moved to another room only to find the bathroom sink leaking. There was no room service which I was expecting considering the amount of money I spent . I had to drive out to McDonald's late in the night just to get a snack. The breakfast was ok. The pools and pool bars were great and the canopy beds were amazing. The food at the wedding was not so great. The bar ran out of the most popular liquor in the middle of the reception. For the ceremony, they put out white plastic chairs for the guests to sit and a table with a vase of flowers which was were the bride and groom stood in front of to exchange their vows. I beleive for the amount of money the resort made on at least 40 guests for this weddig; they could have and should have done alot better for them.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>snorkeltime
<Content>Both good and bad We stayed at the Copamarina for spring break along with another family in April of this year. Our kids ranged form ages 9 to 18. When we got back I sat down and wrote a long and negative review and then accidentally erased it. Now that some time has passed my thoughts are less negative. Hopefully this review will be helpful.I'll start with the good:  1)The grounds are emmaculate - reminded me of Hawaii. These grounds are definitely the pride and joy of the owner. 2) Alexanders was wonderful dining. However fast service does not exist - expect your dinner there to last at least 2 hours. 3) The dive shop was very helpful. We went to Gilligan's island on a ferry and we snorkeled on a sand key off shore from the Copamarina. Both fun excursions that we booked through the dive shop.4) The wait staff and bar tenders were all delightful. very attentive even when busy. Try the Mojita's--the best I've ever had!Now the bad:1)Housekeeping in the rooms was minimal. The bathroom floor and shower walls had many hairs and other ick on it from previous guests. I finally just wiped the walls down myself.2)Our toilet overflowed all over one afternoon. I called the front desk and requested engineering followed by housekeeping. We then left and returned to our room in the evening. Engineering had come and fixed the toilet. They also used all of our towels to mop up the floor, leaving them in a heap in the middle of the bathroom. I called the front desk to enquire about housekeeping. I was told housekeeping was told to come and now they were gone for the night so nothing more could be done. I asked for new towels so I could line the dirty floor with clean towels. I was told that only housekeeping had a key to the lilinen room and again they were gone. After much insisting the evening manager finally agreed to get clean towles out of an empty room if I would come pick them up. When I picked up the towels he also gave me a bottle of disinfectant so I could clean the floor myself!! I spoke with the main manager the next day and was given an apology and that was it.3)Two in our party got food poisoning from the outdoor restaraunt. 4)The beach is pretty at high tide but not very nice to walk or play in. It basically was made of areas of clay and sea grass. Luckily the island is full of many other beautiful beaches.Would I go back to the Copamarina?? Definitely not.Would I go back to Puerto Rico? Most definitely. The countryside was beautiful with lots to do and the local people were very nice. We felt very safe driving around and exploring!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>miiaoww
<Content>Wonderful Stay for Relaxing or Being Active My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and we absolutely loved it. We did the all-inclusive, which covered all our meals and drinks, and non-motorized water sports. I do think that whether it's a good fit for you really depends on what you expect. We loved the fact that this is not in a high-traffic, highly-touristy area. We chose to go here because we could stay longer and do what we liked more easily than at other more expensive resorts. We don't golf (there's no golf course). We don't gamble (there's no casino). We don't go clubbing (there are no clubs - there's not much of anything else nearby, really). We swim, sail, kayak, snorkle, eat, sleep, and read. If you want a pool boy to put a drink in your hand, you should look somewhere else, but we are very independent and found this to be a perfect fit, from the beach to the restaurant to the room. Our room was not fancy but it was very comfortable. For those of you who don't want to make a complete break with the outside world, there is cable TV and wireless internet access. (We were pleased to find this when it rained one afternoon.) It is really a pretty place. The view from our balcony was amazing. We loved the water. There is some sort of sea grass growing right around the dock in front of the resort, but we pulled lounge chairs into the warm sea - ahhh. For a swim, we walked a ways towards the public beach, where the sandy bottom extended quite a distance. My husband was a big fan of both swimming pools and the hot tub. We also spent an entire afternoon lounging in one of the beachside beds, under the canvas canopy, reading.But what excited us most of all were the active options. Two days, we took out the little sail boat and skirted all around the bay. We paddled the kayak one afternoon. Towards the end of the trip we went snorkeling at Gilligan's Island. You do have to hit the dive shop early to get snorkeling gear - there's a limited amount and it gets checked out pretty fast. Take a few dollars - you'll need to pay the ferry boat guy who stops at the resort dock. Gilligan's Island is a small, uninhabited park. Its main lagoon gets crowded on the weekend, but we went off to a secluded spot on the side and saw some beautiful fish.We put on nice clothes and ate at the Alexandra restaurant every night. Our waiters were really pleasant and attentive. We tried just about everything on the menu, and thought every dish was nice and some were superb. (The steak with red wine sauce and the lobster risotto were tops.) The breakfast was extensive and changed throughout the week: yummy crepes one day, waffles the next. Lunches and appetizers at the bar were just fine but nothing exceptional, although the guitarist playing live music in the evening was a nice touch. I love cheese, and the local Puerto Rican cheese was a delicious discovery. True, there's no room service, but they will give you box lunches or pack up whatever you like.It was very quiet during the week, and there were families and locals on the weekend. It seemed very friendly to children. There's even a nice playground sliding-board set under some palm trees. An exceptional example: Our last night, we ate very late when the restaurant was almost completely empty. We watched a young, frazzled couple drop into the Alexandra and ask for to-go meals, because they feared their little girl was fussy. One of the waitresses offered to babysit in the empty side dining area, and spent the next hour nearby singing softly, dancing gently to the music, and showing off the fish in the fishtank. That waitress truly went far beyond what was expected, and the parents got to have what must have been their first romantic dinner alone in two years.What else should I add? There's no passport required for US citizens to go to Puerto Rico, they use the US dollar, and most people speak English but life will be even easier if you speak a little Spanish. I don't think there is any laundry service, but we were very happy to discover a coin-operated washer and dryer. We went into La Parguera to see the bioluminescent bay one evening - it was cool, and I'm glad we did it, but it's an expensive cab fare and that's the only thing worth doing there (the town is rather rundown, there was nothing to see, and the food at the resort was better than anything there). Our bathroom had a huge tiled shower but no bathtub - not a problem for us at all, but I imagine some people would find that a turn-off...All in all, we had a great stay and would return any time.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>marypixa
<Content>Heaven on earth I have stayed in different hotels and Inns and by far this place is the best. The place has a special vibe that can be only be described as relax. The place makes you relax, sleep a while or make you just rewind from all the stress you carry. I can gladly say that at last somebody could unplug my kids from any electronic device and made them normal again. They became curious about their natural surroundings and we all got connected as a family. Time moves different in this place, it's like being in another country. We played all day in the pool and the food at the cafeteria was enormous. The hotel wasn't so crowded because we went during the week. We could visit Guilligan island directly from the hotel, no need to go out. The staff is friendly and they gave us all the information we needed. As some portoricans say we got married with this place. Just Loved it!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TENN_Beach_Bum
<Content>Loved Copamarinia We loved our stay at Copamarina. The grounds are impeccably kept and there are numerous varieties of plants, trees and gorgeous flowers. We had a Garden View room and it was most impressive. The property has several very large pools and several hot tubs. The onsite restaurants are both very good.The beach is beautiful but not really meant for swimming. It鈥檚 very shallow but still the area is scenic. The pools definitely make up for the lack of beach swimming.We鈥檇 stay at Copamarina again and I hope we do.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>vegalegarreta
<Content>Family friendly hotel.       Picture from port  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gburger
<Content>Very Nice Setting My wife and I stayed at the Copamarina in April of 2008, for our 25th wedding anniversary. We had read all the reviews and it is funny how there are such conflicting opinions. In general we agreed that the resort is a beautiful setting, but the food leaves much to be desired.One of our main complaints was that even though the resort was almost empty, we were assigned to a room right by the noisy ice machines and maid closet, plus we were directly adjacent (with a shared connecting door) to a large group of young people who obvioulsy went out partying each night (not at the resort) until 3:00am and came home very boisterous. The walls are very thin, so it felt like they were in our room. It made no senss to us that we were not 'spread out'. After the 2nd night, we asked to be moved, and we were accommodated immediately, with no questions asked (we should have asked earlier).Back to the food, we don't consider ourselves food snobs by any means, but we rated the resturants as mediocre. Also, the first night at Alexandra's, we mentioned casually to the matre'd that we had not yet been visited by the waiter, after about 10-15 minutes (we just wanted to place a drink order since it was so nice sitting outside by the pool). Th waiter then showed up, obviously perturbed at our impatience, and rudely asked what we wanted to order, since he assumed we were in a hurry. We explained that we were not in a hurry, just wanted a drink. By the end of the evening we were on chummy terms with him, so it turned out OK.The drive from San Juan took longer than expected, but it is very scenic, and that was the only 'sightseeing' that we did, since we generally did not want to leave the resort, since it is so pleasant and restful.We did the Gilligan's Island trip - definetly over-rated, I'm sad to say. It is very small and very few areas to sit on the beach.We found the service at the resort to be very good, with everyone very friendly (we opted for the all-inclusive plan, so we got to know the wait staff well by the end of our stay). Not sure if the all-inclusive is worth it - you have to eat/drink a lot to justify it. Plus, tips are not included, which adds to the overall cost and makes it harder to justify. I definetly disagree with that policy - I think most all-inclusives include tips. But honestly, we did have a good time and would recommend this resort for a relaxing get-away.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>osa_maravillosa
<Content>the canopy bed!--Loved it!       yessss--the canopy bed  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>russell1985
<Content>Great getaway, needs a little more service I went to the Copamarina for my honeymoon. This is a great estate, situated on a really remote portion of Puerto Rico (a 2 1/2 hour drive from San Juan International Airport). The landscaping and scenery are second to none, my new wife and I loved all of the beautiful scenery and the laid back atmosphere. However, we did feel a few crucial pieces were missing to give this resort a better grade. First there is NO room service, so do not plan on taking a morning off and just relaxing in the room. You must go down to one of the two restaurants to get your meals. Another drawback was there is no honor bar or wet bar. So, you cannot continue a party back in your room or enjoy a nightcap before bed without going down to the bar and grabbing another drink, which is quite a walk I might add, especially if you're on the second floor of building three. These are minor drawbacks, but when you pay that much money for an all - inclusive package, I expect some of these extras to be there, and when they are not it is disappointing. All in all we had a good time. We had a set back with the snorkeling trip to Gilligan鈥檚 island. We went into the surf shop to book a trip for the morning, and we were told that, the boat was being worked on, so there are no trips. This was fine, what are you going to do? The man also added, It wouldn鈥檛 have mattered anyway, you need a minimum of 6 passengers for them to make the trip. It just so happened that the resort was VERY secluded this particular week, (which I enjoyed). So we cut our losses woke up and rented a double kayak and paddled around all morning instead. When we returned we went up to our room, changed, and then went down to eat at the Las Palmas Cafe. While we were sitting there enjoying our lunch and drinking pina colada's we saw a couple walking out on the dock with snorkel gear. Then, a snorkel boat floated over from the other docks, picked up the TWO passengers and headed off, all this while we sat and watched infuriated at the scene, and of course we weren鈥檛 in our swimming gear so running out and stopping them wasn't an option. So they did take as little as two people on the boat, and obviously it wasn't broken. I went in the shop to figure out how this miscommunication could have happened, and of course the guy that fed us the line of B.S. wasn't working that day, and we were leaving the following morning.  So all in all the service is sub-par. A lot of the staff is friendly and a handful of them tend to look at you as a pain more than a customer. The resort is unbelievably beautiful. I have been to the Bahamas and Cancun, and this is as good or better in terms of quality landscaping. Nobody had written about the lack of services for the prices you pay to stay here, and that would have been a factor in my decision to stay here if I would have read that prior to booking this trip. Great getaway location, but the service needs an update.-RAJ, NH  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>ricknsue1983
<Content>Very RELAXING! We loved the tranquillity of this property. I would say that it is definately worth it to get the all inclusive package. We didn't realize how secluded it was and found out that there was really no other place to go out to eat or shop near by. We loved snorkling and being at the beach and pool though, and enjoyed it so much.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RNY
<Content>Beautiful Setting We rented a car in San Juan and drove to Copamarina. Just before Ponce we detoured to Tibes to see the very interesting native museum and reconstructed village. The guide was very knowledgeable. It's a challenge to find with few road signs but it's worth the effort and a visit. The resort is down a very narrow, twisty, hilly road. Once you finally get to the hotel the grounds are beautiful with manicured lawns and lots of flowers and Palm trees. The parking lot was full but the resort never felt crowded. There was enough room for everyone to spread out and find a quiet spot. The many beautiful pictures people have posted of the grounds are accurate. On the other hand, there are few pictures posted of the rooms which tend to be dark, small and rustic. We had an ocean front room in building three on the second floor with a balcony. Being an old resort the walls are not very thick so it's possible to hear conversations in the rooms on either side of you. There are vent windows over the shower in the bathroom that open onto the walkway and people should know their conversations in the bathroom can be heard by people passing by. Since we were on the second floor we didn't hear anyone walking above us but that might be a problem in the first floor rooms. The bathroom had obviously recently been renovated and was nicer than the one we had in San Juan with a big tiled shower. The room furniture could stand an updating. And as someone previously said the pillows were small, foam and not very comfortable. We used a back cushion from the chair as a pillow and that worked better.The balcony fan didn't work and two requests to have it fixed were ignored. The balcony furniture was stained and the privacy dividers were lattice so they gave little privacy. However, the view from the balcony was lovely. We ate dinner both nights at the Alexandra Restaurant. Usually we'd go off site after the first night but the resort is fairly isolated and the thought of driving the twisty road in the dark to return to the resort after dinner discouraged us. On the other hand, we had excellent meals both nights at the Alexandra. We ate one of the chef's seafood specials each night and each was delicious. They were of equal or better quality to the dinners we had in San Juan and of comparable cost. The buffet breakfast at Las Palmas was good with a cook making omelots and waffles but at $16 per person it was expensive for what each of us was able to eat. The pools were clean and beautiful and it was great that there were two adult pools, two kids pools, two whirlpools, as well as the beach. The water in the pools and at the beach was very warm which I really liked. The beach was very shallow which was fine for me but swimmers walked to the end of the long dock to find deeper water to swim in. We took the ferry to Gilligan's Island Saturday morning. The ferry and the island were very crowded. Even though only 200 people are allowed on the island each day it's a small island and it fills up quickly. It's a favorite daytrip for local extended families and they know the best places to go early to set up their grills, chairs. etc. There are no services on the island so you need to bring everything you'll need. The resort doesn't rent folding chairs but that would be very helpful since many of the areas have roots and stones which are not particularly comfortable for sitting. We snorkeled along some mangrove island roots and saw lots of Yellow Jacks. The current was very strong but we drifted with it so it worked out okay. All in all, the resort was pretty much what we expected as far as the rooms but the views, landscaping, and Alexandra's were better than we expected. Copamarina was a restful, quiet break from the hubbub of San Juan. I'm glad we decided to explore the south side of the island. It's a beautiful and peaceful area.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Beantowntrekker
<Content>Relaxing and off the beaten path...       the view out from our room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>BanannaDC
<Content>Great Resort - Wonderful Villa We spent a week in one of the villas at Copamarina, and really enjoyed it.The resort is small, but had everything we needed - a sandy beach, plenty of chairs and shady areas, several pools, water sports (kayaks, catamarans, snorkeling equipment, dive trips), and a beautiful setting for relaxing. The kids especially enjoyed the large grassy areas, the playground, and the inter tidal zone where they found many sea creatures. Outside of the resort we enjoyed hikes in the Guanica Dry Forest - the Copamarina offers a good trail guide.The spacious villa was great for us (6 adults  2 kids). There were 3 bedrooms and we set up 2 cots in one of the bedrooms to accommodate everyone. There was a complete kitchen, dining room, living room, 2 bathrooms, a wrap-around porch with ceiling fans, plus a washer and dryer. Being in the first floor villa, we were able to use the expansive grassy area as our own front yard. And to add my opinion to a couple previously addressed issues:1. Gilligan's Island - It was a nice boat ride and the snorkeling was fun. I would say it's good for first time or infrequent snorkelers, but if you've done nice reef snorkeling then you might find this disappointing. If you do go, be sure to snorkel all the way to where the river almost reaches the ocean, as that is where we saw most of the fish hiding among the mangrove roots. And that way you can swim back on the other fork of the river.2. Grassy Water - The water directly in front of the resort did have a lot of sea grass in it, but I didn't find that a problem. (It's just grass, right?) If you think you might be uncomfortable stepping in it, a pair of water shoes would be a good idea.The only small problems we had are listed below. They're quite minor, and would not stop us from returning.1. Ice machine in freezer not working, and no ice trays. We went to the ice machine in another building for ice.2. Bottom shelf on fridge door was missing, which limited storage space.3. Oven broiler tray missing, so we couldn't use the broiler.4. Not enough of some kitchen items (knives, small bowls, coffee cups).A wonderful trip, and we're all ready to go back!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rascott65
<Content>beautiful very nice resort. beautifil location. nice pools -- never crowded. all-inclusive package was a bargin for our family of four. $552 a day, including all taxes, meals, drinks, snacks, etc. room was a little small, but we did not spend much time in it. dinners at alexandra's were excellent. breakfast/lunch food at las palmas was mediocre. overall, we were pleased.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>aswarren
<Content>A high price for fun       The resort from the dock  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	2	5	3	3	5	

<Author>swimmom2mg
<Content>Overrated and overpriced We're at Copamarina now, and I must admit we're a bit disappointed. For the price, the service is less than what I would expect. In fact, the service (front desk, waiters in the restaurant) is quite impersonal. We arrived late last night, and even though our room is quite a ways from the restaurant, we could still hear the live music blaring in our room past 11. We had gone there for a drink right after arriving and the music was so loud, you could not even have a conversation. When I asked politely when the music would stop for the night, I was told 11pm (even though it was past 11 at the time) and there was nothing they could do. (How about asking them to turn down the volume a tad??!)Our kids are 14 and 12, and while they are finding ways to entertain themselves, there aren't a lot of other kids here their ages. Most of the kids are quite a bit younger.So far, the food (have just had one meal - the breakfast buffet - is just ok. Cost of the buffet was $16/each and they charge our 14 year old as an adult. Again, not worth it for the quality.We're going to eat in and around Guanica the rest of the trip, as much as possible. And while none of us are saying it, we are wishing we were back in Playa del Carmen at Shangri-La Caribe (where we went two years ago...they SO spoiled us!).I hope things turn around for the better, but right now I would not recommend Copamarina to my friends, especially for the price. It is a beautiful place though, just don't expect top notch service or a great beach (we knew about the beach before arriving).I am so hoping things get better. If they do, I will definitely post an update.P.S. Also, if you have any issues with pillows, be sure to bring your own. The ones here are very flat and foam...seem kind of old.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>LotsaTraveling
<Content>Great Place to Relax and Escape Life's Hub bub We wanted to spend a week away and get some sun and relaxation without a lot of cost or multiple plane changes. Coming from NY, Puerto Rico seemed like a good option. So we checked out the Trip Advisor reviews, looked at the hotel prices and decided on the Copamarina Beach Resort. We were not disappointed. We flew from Newark into Aguadilla arriving after midnight and the drive to the resort was straightforward -- though you absolutely need a rental car. From the town of Guanica to the resort, you do have to drive along a narrow, windy road, so drive slowly and carefully especially at night. The resort was quiet, with excellent facilities. The pools and hot tubs were perfect for relaxation. And it was an easy drive to towns such as Ponce. We also spent a day going to El Yunque -- a fascinating spot but not an easy drive at all from Guanica -- I'd suggest saving it for a different trip (e.g., from San Juan or the Eastern shores of Puerto Rico).The hotel's restaurant is excellent, but we wanted to try other places as well. We enjoyed Rinc贸n Argentina in Ponce and Pito's Seafood, on Route 2, East of Ponce -- the service and food was excellent at both. The Blue Marlin in Guanica was fun and provided local color. There are plenty of fast food places around as well if you prefer that. The hotel staff were friendly and polite. The grounds were immaculately kept. They have a computer set up in a lounge for checking email. When it was down on one of the days, they let us use their office computer to print out our boarding passes.Some of the other reviews have commented on the beach. My step-daughter complained about sand flies at the beach but was quite content to sun herself by the pool. I went to Gilligan's Island and enjoyed the water, but didn't find it as impressive as the reviews would suggest. And the snorkeling was also unimpressive (lots of fish, but most were fairly drab). Apparently, they had to dock the boat in a different location because of hurricane damage so this may have accounted for the discrepancy in the reviews. The dry forest was interesting. The hotel distributes an excellent, illustrated brochure for those interested in hiking through it and seeing the botanical and animal life. The rooms were clean, comfortable and in typical Caribbean style. One night there was a family with multiple loud children in the adjoining room but they left the following day. We couldn't tell if the walls were thin or the sound was traveling through the door that connected our room to theirs. Or whether they were just extremely loud children. (But we think it was the latter.) I suspect they were less elegant than the rooms in the hotels on the East Coast; they were definitely less elegant that the rooms in the beach hotels where I've stayed in San Juan such as the Caribe Hilton. But our week's stay cost us about 1/3 of the price that we would have spent at any of those places for 3 travelers/2 rooms. Overall, the Copamarina was just what we wanted: a quiet, friendly, laid-back, relaxing spot to catch some rays and get a flavor for the area. We'd be quite happy to return at any time!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>seatofthepants
<Content>Beautiful grounds, terrible food The Copamarina grounds are beautiful, but the food at the cafe, which is the only restaurant within miles that serves breakfast or lunch, was horrific and expensive--especially considering the poor quality. Our main complaints were lack of freshness and low quality, which we found unforgiveable from such a luxurious ($$$) property . While our family of 4 (mom, dad, 22 year old and 12 year old) hails from the S.F. Bay Area and has high standards when it comes to food, we travel frequently and try to eat simple local food because it's the freshest and usually the most tasty. Unfortunately, nothing seemed fresh at the cafe. The warm fruit salad looked like it had been stewing in its own juice for quite a while and the shrimp in the casa dia had a decidedly over-the-hill odor. Even just a basic turkey sandwich was made with gelatinous pressed meat and served on squishy bread--hardly what one would expect at a high-end resort where most guests are at least somewhat health conscious. As much as we loved the property, we left after just two nights although we were scheduled to stay for five. Our stomachs was rumbling and our 12 year old was bouncing off the walls since she was pigging out on the only food she could stand: chips and ice cream from the snack shop.NOTE: We must add that the food at the Alexandra Restaurant, which only serves dinner, is very good. This establishment is formal and not appropriate for small children. It is also quite pricey. Plan on spending at least $200 for a family of 4.One last thing: there is grass growing in this bay and it is very shallow so unless you just want to get your feet wet in the ocean, plan on swimming in the pools.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycdannyboy
<Content>Perfect with a toddler       desert hike  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>John_Ice
<Content>Beyond Excellent ! Honestly I loved my stay in the Copamarina beach resort  spa ... it was beautiful and lovely! ... We loved everything in the resort. Especially the pools, the beach, the food, the rooms, the service. We we're a little sad because we really wanted to go to Guilligans Island, but they said it was under repair and waiting to get the island to it's natural habitat ( that was fine with me ) ... but we did go to Whale Beach ( do not remeber the exact name in spanish ) and was really good, not that deep but good .... The staff was more than helpfull especially Lisbeth and Miguel ( from the dive center and water equipment store ) .. they we're reallty great, always laughing .. making us feel like we we're part of the family and made us feel very comfortable, ( My wife loved Miguel, like Lisbeth said He's a fashion guru ). They we're always they're if we needed help or assistance. Staff like them made our entire stay very joyfull and fun for the whole family. ( all the staff was great ) .. Also Ruben 'bellman' he was very helpful.We can't wait to go back next year, and to see everybody again !!!!!!!!!!!!!Bradsonwil Family  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlliJo1980
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel in PR Of all the resorts we booked for our stay in Puerto Rico this was our favorite. We booked it to be semi-close to the bioluminescent bay in La Parguera (about 20 min) and were very impressed with the resort. Even though it is a little off the beaten path, I think that is part of what gives it its charm. We had a great room with a private terrace overlooking the water. The beach area was great with plenty of chairs, straw huts, etc. and a waiter circulating regularly for drinks, food, etc. We ate lunch at the outside bar/restaurant and found the food great and reasonably priced. We ate dinner at Alexandra's (the resort restaurant) after reading good reveiws about it. It was definitely good food, but of course higher prices than their outside restaurant/bar b/c it was finer dining - well worth it though! They also have a shop where they set up snorkeling/dive trips. We took a snorkeling trip from the hotel and had a great time! I would definitely recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mweez
<Content>Relaxation at its best When we viewed the pictures of the CopaMarina on their website it looked very relaxing. The pictures did not disappoint. The property is very well maintained and beautiful. My wife and I stayed at the resort for five nights and four days and enjoyed every minute of it. We did not find one cross or rude employee all of the resort staff was nice and eager to help (especially Raoul at the bar and Kris at the front desk). Raoul, my friend, always had a smile and would go out of his way to help you, also Kris at the front desk was helpful with all of our questions and offered many suggestions. Also the housekeepers did a fantastic job our room was spotless the whole stay.This is not a resort for travelers looking for nightlife and shopping. It is isolated and very relaxing, just what we wanted.The only negative is the isolation (as mentioned before in other reviews), it takes two hours from San Juan and at least 45 mins to get anywhere else. To sum it up, it was worth the 2 hr drive from San Juan. The food is great and the resort is wonderful. If you want a nice resort to relax to the waves, this is the one.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IanRB
<Content>Great Family Vacation       Sunset from the beach at the Copamarina  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nova654
<Content>Hidden Jewel in Southwest Puerto Rico We have been to Puerto Rico many times since we have family there. We previously stayed in either Condado or Dorada area and wanted to stay on the southern side of the island for a change as we had never visited that part of the island.After doing some research on TripAdvisor, we decided to go try Guanica and the CopaMarina. There are not many resorts in the south. I originally wanted to stay in Ponce, but none of the hotels appealed to us (and after visiting the town, I am glad we did not stay there, although the city center is very charming).We did get a room far away from the restaurants in building 5, but once we were in the room, the walk to anything on the property took less than 2 minutes.The resort does not have that many rooms, but with 2 story buildings, it has quite a bit of property. It has 2 hot tubs, 2 children's pools and 2 big pools, although one is not deeper than 3 1/2 ft. Very family friendly although teenagers may get bored. Many families with babies through early teens.The beach was not ideal, although folks went to the end of the dock and were swimming past the seaweed. Although the public beach was a short walk, it had a yellow flag (no swimming) for the 6 days we were there. The one main area for improvement is the beach toys. There are a few non-motorized toys and they were broken for most of our stay.We had the all inclusive and while it was pricey for the area, it was a bargain if you are used to San Juan prices. (We spent almost $200 for dinner for 2 at Pikayo in San Juan, and while it was better quality, not sure it was $100 better). We found the service to be a little slow but we weren't in a rush. We did find the staff to be very friendly and any time we asked for something a little special, it was no problem...both in the outdoor cafe and Alexandra's. No request was denied.The resort was probably less than half full except for the weekend. It was one of the few resorts in PR that had a good number of locals staying there and many of them came only for the weekend. However, when we thought we would stay one extra night, the first person we asked at the desk said no problem and we could stay in the same room. We then had to be sure we could change our Condado reservation. Once we did, different people were at the front desk and they told us we couldn't stay in our room and no room of our category was available. Once we said the other person said we could, they just said ok. Not sure if they were trying to upsell us or what.Even with that front desk experience, we liked the relaxing atmosphere so much we stayed one extra night and will definitely go back!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>TravelHungry
<Content>Fabulous - Highly Recommend! Copamarina Resort is an amazingly beautiful, well-run resort in Southern Puerto Rico. It's in a protected sub-tropical desert. the rooms are lovely, the food is excellent. There are lots of activities on-site (scuba, kayaking, volleyball, badminton...), and the folks there are incredibly nice and helpful in facilitating anything you'd like to do in Puerto Rico. Everything was perfect. The Sat. night guitarist in the outside restaurant was a memorable night.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>zendar
<Content>Scuba Divers Read This About Copamarina In Guanica Normally I don't make a habit of writing negative reviews. I simply felt obligated to put something on the internet to discourage other more experienced divers from making the same mistake that I unfortunately did.I do wreck diving in the deep and cold waters of New England year round and have gone diving all over the world. After reading about the amazing wall diving in Puerto Rico I decided to go there with my family on vacation. After 3 or 4 phone calls I booked a week long series of dives at Copamarina. I even called there the day before our trip to check if things were still OK.On the morning of our arrival I called the dive shop to see if the boat was going out that afternoon as planned. I was then told that the dive boat was broken and that there would be no diving all week. Suffice to say, I was devastated. I asked if they could help me to find another boat. They were extremely unhelpful and hung up the phone on me even though I was not being rude or impolite about the situation ( I would prefer to think that we were disconnected by accident, but I am not sure that was true). I explained that I had spent a lot of money to come to Copamarina and that I had made all my vacation plans on the assumption that they were a world class diving resort with regularly scheduled boat trips. I was then told that the real reason the boat was broken was that they didn't have a minimum of 3 people to go, and that this was true for the entire week.. Base on other people's similar accounts on this web site, it seems like the boat is broken with astonishing regularity. Is there some reason why they couldn't be honest and tell me this ahead of time so I could have made plans to go elsewhere in Puerto Rico?? Instead I found myself trapped in a less than optimal situation.I called the manager 3 times and spoke to people who said that he/she would call me right back, but no one ever did. Funny how the management seem so fastidious about replying to negative feedback on the internet, but they don't want to deal with customers who are genuinely upset.Ultimately I went to Parguera 20 miles away and dove with Paradise Dive Shop and West Divers both of whom were excellent. The wall diving was extremely impressive and worth the trip. Just for the record, Parguera divers is no longer operating even though they are still listed on the internet as a dive charter in the same area.The real problem is that the management of the Copamarina should stop falsely advertising that they are a world class dive resort comparable to other such resorts. Its simply not true. It is sad that no one in the hotel administration seems to have any sense of vision. They are sitting on one of the best places to dive in the Carribean, but they do not seem to support the dive shop adequately enough to truly make it a world class diving destination like the Caymans or Aruba. They easily could attract many more divers if they simply got their act togetherAs far as the Copamarina resort itself , I have no complaints. The grounds were beautiful, the service was excellent and the food was well prepared.The local economy would greatly benefit if they really tried to develop their natural diving resources. This would also have a trickle down effect on the amount of business in the other dive shops in the area. Maybe they should talk to each other and get better organized. It would be a win/ win situation for all.SO BEWARE. UNTIL THEY GET THEIR ACT TOGETHER I WOULD GO ELSEWHERE TO DIVE OR BE PREPARED FOR A GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zeul
<Content>too quiet for our taste The hotel was nice, the room was nice, etc. Our only problem with the resort itself was that the beach was actually really gross  overgrown with seaweed. But, you can just walk down a few hundred yards to the public beach and it's fine. The only other problem was that the staff at the casual dining restaurant was slow.The main issue for us was really the location. There is NOTHING else close by except for one restaurant with average food, and it closes at 6pm except on the weekends, and it isn't exactly cheap either. The best thing about the location is that you can take a $6 boat ride out to Guilligan's Island or Gallega and go snorkeling.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	4	2	3	

<Author>VancouverIslanders41
<Content>A True Paradise       Quiet sunset  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mexicanmulatto1
<Content>Always Relaxing This is my fourth stay at the Copa in two years. Heretofore, I've always stayed in oceanfront accomodations. Through a misunderstanding, when I arrived in the evening, I was booked into a gardenview room(402), far, far away from the restaurant, bar, front desk,beach, and I think, the better swimming pool. I recommend to all prospective guests, that you avoid any thing higher than the 200's, as it is too inconvenient. However, all the rooms I ever stayed at were great.As to dining; It is VERY expensive. A car is recommended, as there are many inexpensive places to eat or buy groceries within 30 minutes of the property. On property, the service can be slow, but everyone is nice. I've always found, if you reach out to the staff , compliment them, be appreciative of them, you'll find that when a mistake is made, or something is not right, they'll bend over backwards to please you. Too many guests come in with an attitude, and they always seem to be walking around unhappy, never enjoying their vacation.The Front Desk Manager, Wilmer Feliciano, is always cordial and most helpul.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>coach_vegas
<Content>Fantastic, Can't wait to go back!       dessert  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rodrir0
<Content>Your Average Hotel       very pretty property  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>janbsn
<Content>Copamarina just okay My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in an ocean view room for $285/nt. The room wasn't anything special, and the lighting is terrible, but it was clean. I agree with a previous review where they stated this is a 3-star trying to be a 5-star. I would definitely not take their all-inclusive (we didn't) as the food is not that good and there are places you can drive to, if you like to search out local restaurants. Most everyone in the area speaks some English - and with our very limited Spanish we never had a problem in this part of PR. We found a breakfast place (panderia) down the hill from here (on the main st in Guanica village area - which is behind McDonald's off Rte 116) and had either fried eggs or an omelet with coffee and toast for about $7 for the two of us, compared to the Copamarina's breakfast buffet for about $40 and their $42 lunch for a sandwich/soft drink each. If you're squeamish about driving windy, hilly roads, don't go to the Copamarina - it's a very steep, narrow, curvy road for about 3 miles. The beach is full of sea grass - you can wade out to about mid-calf, and then you're in that slimy grass. We did go off the end of the boat pier where there is a ladder into the water, but it's only sandy just at the bottom of the ladder - the sea grass and muck is out there too. We weren't able to go over to Gilligan's Island because of previous storm damage, but they did take us out to another beach around a point via boat for $6 each. The people who went on the diving boat had to be towed back 6-7 mi, so I get the feeling that everything is not taken care of as it should be. I would look for another place before returning to the Copamarina.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>doramia
<Content>A green resort It should be noted that this property is working hard to become a full-fledged eco-friendly resort. I noticed the compact fluorescent light bulbs in the rooms and the signs asking to conserve water by holding on to the same towels and sheets for more than one day. I asked around and, sure enough, they also have an extensive recycling program for their waste. This type of commitment matters to many travelers.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>heart&sole
<Content>Didn't want to leave My wife 3 yo daugther and I spent 5 blissful days at Copamarina starting on January 5th. We booked a deluxe ocean front room. Which was clean. Many of the other rooms on the property have partial ocean views so those wishing to save some money can book garden view rooms without missing out. We took the all inclusive meal plan based on the online menu and the fact that the hotel would happily provide box lunches. This way we could take our lunch and explore the puerta del sol. We had dinner each night in their restaurant Alexandra which was very good most nights and fantastic on 2 occasions! Service was always professional and the staff was only too happy to accommodate special requests. Lunch was usually a nice fresh grilled piece of fish with veggies at Las Palmas. The grounds are immaculate, the beach cleaned every morning and we found the staff helpful and quite friendly. We purposely traveled the week after Christmas break and were rewarded to find the resort uncrowded. Local families and others from the States made up the majority of visitors. Most local families were curious to know how we found out about this place since its off the beaten path which adds to the specialness of Copamarina. Yes the resort is about 2 hours from San Juan but thats the reward. For those with long flights into San Juan, you may want to consider spending a night or two in San Juan before heading South. The resort has 5 pools, two infant and 3 regular. BTW lunch can be delivered poolside!! We spent a good deal of time in the pools so the issues of sea grass in the ocean didn't bother us. There is a staircase into the water at the end of the dock so if you want to swim beyond the seagrass, you can. We played on the beach and took the hobie cat out sailing everyday. The price of which is included in the all inclusive package.One highlight was the day 5 dolphins swam with us as we sailed to guiligans Island. Overall, we had a wonderful time and Copamarina is the type of resort that you can actively travel the local area or just hang out on the beach. Our only disappointment was the bedroom pillows. For the price, we would have expected plush pillows. Instead, the ones in our room were hard and lumpy. Would we go back? We didn't want to leave. Next time maybe we'll bring our own pillows!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AksNYC
<Content>Good resort, could do with better service       Copamarina Beach  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>grimmts
<Content>3rd time, and this place is still a charm!       Seafood banquet for New Year's Eve  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RBandJB
<Content>Very relaxing resort Copamarina Beach ResortDecember 25, 2007-January 1, 2008Trip Advisor member from NE ColoradoThis is a very quiet place for families and those wanting a relaxing vacation. The food was very good and the staff very professional and helpful. Rooms were clean and maid service was excellent.We did rent a car, so we left the resort and went to some nearby beaches and sites. These were spots the people from Puerto Rico enjoyed and all were clean and quiet. Everything was closed down around sundown in the fenced parks. We enjoyed the local eateries and the local towns. The people in the towns were friendly and helpful. We attended a softball game and looked forward to seeing the young boys of the towns ride their horses in the evenings. Our trips to the nearby lighthouses, salt flats, and surfing areas were interesting also. Our journeys into the mountains were on winding and narrow roads, but a good picture of the lifestyle of the citizens of the island. I would recommend this resort to anyone. It was a good vacation and even though we do not speak Spanish, we could understand the road signs and take care of the basics.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Richard2Phila
<Content>Great place to relax Recent stay with two teenage boys at CopaMarina was a pleasure. Beautiful view from all hotel rooms.Gilligans Island for snorkeling was closed due to dock being out from recent storm--so went to alternate site--just 10 minute boat ride. Previous Trip Advisor reviews discussed the fact that CopaMarina's on site dive shop was not well run--but our experience was very good -- the divemaster appeared to be in his late 30's and he has been there for two years. Alternate dive shops are located in Paraquera-about 30 minutes away. They include Paradise Scuba [--], Parquera Divers and Boqueron Dive shop.In order to avoid any cabin fever we did use our car to drive to Parquera for excellent meal at La Casita--highly recommend it.Very popular with those that know the area.Also drove 30 minutes back towards Ponce to eat on the ocean at Pitos reataurant--right on Rt 712. Very scenic setting but some noise from highway.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BORIRN
<Content>Wonderful Getaway We just got back from a wonderful getaway at Copamarina. It was an opportunity to recharge our batteries and we took full advantage of the peace and quiet! It was lovely to be in a part of the Island that has not been highly commercialized. The staff was wonderful, the food excellent, and the scenery breathtaking. We plan to return next year and take our grand daughter.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>86hoya
<Content>Good choice, from a parent's perspective Spent five days at Copamarina the week after Thanksgiving, with a two year old and a four year old. Property was only 1/3rd full, so if you go during the busy season (Christmas-Easter, and then again June and July), you may have a different experience. The resort is a 2 1/2 hour drive from the San Juan airport - all highway (toll roads) with plenty of places to stop along the way for pitstops, snacks. Unlike the US you dont get much notice about upcoming exits/food/fuel, so be ready to get off the highway at a moments notice. From the town of Guanica, the resort is 10 minutes on a narrow road that follows the coast. Guanica has a McDonalds, Burger King, mid sized grocery store, health clinical/pharmacy, but not much else - if you run out of diapers etc, you can easily get it there.Food - we were on the all inclusive plan, but you ordered off the same menu as the non AI guests. Breakfast service started at 7am...dinner at the out-door cafe started at 630, and the more formal indoor restaurant at 6pm. Menus were varied and large enough that you wouldnt have to re-order if you stayed less than a week. Children's menu was available - pizza, hot dogs, grilled cheese, smaller portions of other entries as well. The staff was very flexible on allowing substitutes - could take french fries off and add brocoli, fruit etc to any menu item. Activities - five pools, two of which were knee deep and just for little kids, and a 3rd pool (main) that had a shallow area/section. Jungle gym/play area was located right off the outdoor cafe. Beach area wasnt very big, but water was very calm. As others mention, water was grassy and not that clear, but very child friendly in terms of access and safety. They had a tennis court but didnt see anybody using it, a spa and an indoor workout facility, plus a game room.TV - roughly 20 channels, most in English, including multiple HBO and Disney options, but strangely enough no ABC, CBS or NBC. Evening activity - not much. Aside from the solo-guitarist who played each night in the cafe, this was a very quiet hotel. If you are looking for dancing, gambling etc, you are in the wrong spot. If you are looking for a calm quiet family place - go for it.Computer - only downside to the hotel was that it offered wireless in the room, but we werent able to connect - we were in building 5, the furthest from the main building. There was one desktop with internet acess (free) and we never had a problem getting on...but again, the hotel was lightly booked.Overall a good place to go with small children as long as you want a laid back vacation.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AZkim
<Content>The highlight of our Puerto Rico vacation I typically only write reviews when something happens on a vacation that left me feeling extremely dissatisfied. This time, I am writing a review for the exact OPPOSITE reason. I have never had a MORE satisfying experience.First of all, I would like to thank the staff of the Copamarina Resort for making sure my family and I had an incredble stay. Immediately, upon check in, I could tell this resort was there to please it's customers. We arrived a few hours before check in and I was feeling car sick. I was feeling quite cranky and unhappy......for about 30 seconds after arriving at the Copamarina. The staff could tell I was not feeling well and allowed us to check in early. They even allowed us to preview our suite and pick out which one suited us. We chose to upgrade to a very nice two room suite so my husband and I could enjoy some privacy. After being there a day, we realized that it would have been a better financial move for us if we would have purchased the all inclusive package. After having a casual conversation with one of the staff members about types of drinks she suggested, I jokingly mentioned to her about drinking away my kids' college fund. She suggested that we go all inclusive and promptly returned with the manager. He reviewed our charges and said that it would be to our benefit if we converted......even allowed it to be retroactive....which saved us a substantial amount of money. It cost our family of four 150.00 per day for the all inclusive plan. That's typically what we would spend on just dinner and drinks. I was so impressed that they allowed us to do that!! That they would consider our wallet before their own.The grounds were beautiful. The pools were very clean with a spectacular carribean view. The food was great.....and the drinks were even better!! I tried everything they suggested....the bartenders were superb!We stayed at 3 resorts all over the island. We had a good experience at all the resorts we stayed at, but Copamarina was the best. The reason being because of the incredibly attentive staff seeing to it that we had a GREAT stay. We are planning on returning next year.....this time, all 10 days will be spent at this resort!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DreamEagle
<Content>Paradise Reclaimed We were blessed to find this resort after a rather unpleasant stay the night before at the Fusion. It was off season and so the Copamarina was not crowded. The staff was so welcoming and caring. They really took care of all of our needs. The grounds are clean and well maintained. The pools and hot tub were phenomenal. We had fun on the beach, enjoyed Gilligans island and drove to the end of the road to hike out to even more secluded beaches. We spent 5 nights and 6 days relaxing and enjoying our vacation. My husband worked out in their club every morning (we're in our 50's) and the food at the restaurant was fantastic. They even had a special vegetarian menu for someone like me!!! I was ecstatic. We had only intended on staying 2 nights, but then we realized it had everything we wanted and needed, so why look elsewhere. Thank you, Copamarina for making our vacation the best.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Robert90
<Content>Very pleasant stay at the Copamarina My wife, teenage son  I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Copamarina and were very please with our experience. The resort is very well maintained and staffed by pleasant and helpful people. We arrived well before check in time due to our flight and were given a room to relax in until our scheduled room was ready.  I recommend this location to people who wish a more quiet and peaceful vacation in a great location. There are plenty of things to do such as diving, fishing  boating to a local mangrove island with a small beach. The resort is located next to the dry forest reserve and there are great walking trails along the ocean with hidden beaches and great views. In addition, this part of Puerto Rico receives little rain annually, so you can count on excellent weather.  Swimming is not great as the water is shallow at the resort beach, but this is not a problem as there are many opportunities for good swimming and snorkeling nearby.  This is not the spot for fans of loud mega resorts and casinos. If you go ask Ruben to take you in the boat to snorkeling spots. He works hard to make sure you have a good time.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>edepoix
<Content>Beautiful and relaxing honeymoon We just got back from our honeymoon in Puerto Rico. We stayed 3 nights at the Copamarina, and 3 nights in Old San Juan. We absolutely LOVED the Copamarina. There were a few downsides, but I think the reason we loved it was because those downsides weren't particularly disturbing to us. Our first impression was the open-air lobby, which is very pretty, with orchids planted in the palm trees. The staff at the front desk was very nice, professional, and helpful. They upgraded our room when they heard we were on our honeymoon. Our room was very nice...large and clean. It wasn't overly luxurious, but definitely nice. The first night, we spent several hours enjoying the open-air bar/cafe (there are two restaurants: the cafe/bar, which is a casual menu, and Alexandra, which is fancier. ) The bartender was awesome (all the bartenders who served us during our stay were super attentive and friendly.) The drinks were great. We ordered some food off the cafe menu, and it was mediocre. We were so happy to be relaxing with drinks with a view of the Caribbean Sea, that we didn't care too much. Breakfast was great - the menu is pretty good: eggs benedict, etc. We took a sea kayak to Gilligan's Island, which is absolutely gorgeous (the highlight of the entire trip). I guess October is right in the middle of the off season, so there was no one there (very few people at the resort in general, which was great). Anyway, we kayaked around a cluster of islands, and swam on another deserted beach called Bellena Beach. Dinner at Alexandra that night was great. It wasn't the best thing I'd ever eaten in my life, but definitely better than the cafe. I liked the food. I thought the filet mignon was good. My husband got the Mofongo, which he liked. The second day we hiked in the Dry Forest, which is slightly overrated, but still interesting and a good little workout. Each night we relaxed in the hot tub, which was nice. We also enjoyed the pool nearest our room, and a few hours on the beach in recliners.As I mentioned in the beginning, there were a few possible downsides:- other posters are right - as far as night time entertainment. It's basically a guy playing guitar at the bar. We loved it. We weren't there to go clubbing, we were there to have some drinks, and enjoy each other's company. - Cafe food isn't great. But we liked the other restaurant.- other posters are right, the beach isn't good. We didn't care, though, because we live near the beach in the States, so we didn't feel disappointed. If you're looking for a really beachy time, you shouldn't go there. Their beach is short, and the bottom is mucky and there are lots of underwater plants. Gilligans Island is great though. That's all the bad parts. What we loved: the beautifully maintained grounds, deserted pools and hot tubs, Gilligan's Island, GREAT service without exception, awesome outside bar, nice room. We hope to go back.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skw3
<Content>beautiful grounds, hospitality lacking I have to admit I had high expectations after reading all the glowing reviews but the Copamarina is not all that. You have to pay in advance to stay here and it is billed as a resort so I expected wait staff to be of good quality and speak english well.We stayed immediately after hurricane Dean passed by the island with essentially no damage to PR. As we drove up we noted a very strong dead fish odor. When I asked the staff it it was due to the hurricane I got no answer. The front desk staff was efficient but not welcoming at all. We had already stayed at the Melia in Ponce and the Hilton Caribe in San Juan and had been warmly greetedat both of those hotels. The beach was full of seaweed and tons of debris washed in by the tide and they were literally bulldozing it away. This process went on the entire 3 days we were there and the beach was completely unuseable the entire time. I know this could not be helped but it would have made us feel a lot better if one staff member had acknowledged it. The room was very clean and well maintained as was all the grounds. They were constantly busy cutting bushes, grass, etc. It seemed that everything was spotless except our patio which was covered with leaves and twigs. Also, the children's waiting pools were full of leaves. I called the front desk and asked if someone would sweep as wewere tracking a lot of dirt inside but noone ever came. I finally asked the maid who was cleaning the room (she was the only employee who talked to us personally our entire stay and was quite pleasant). If you stay here you are not near other hotels or a town with restaurants so be prepared to eat at their 2 restaurants. The first evening we went to Las Palmas and the service was impersonal but efficient and everything was fine. We planned on eating in the Alexandra the next. We spent the next morning swimming at the pool (skipped breakfast-we're not big eaters) and opted for lunch at Las Palmas. This ended up being the worst service I think I can ever remember at a restaurant. We have traveled through the states and europe so I am well aware of levels of service. Let me explain, this is an open air restaurant, you walk up and pick where you want to sit. A male waiter acknowledged us and we sat down. From this point on I had to flag him for everything. First for menus which he brings 2 of and there are 3 of us. I politely ask for a third.I flag for water, he brings bottles. I say thanks but tap water is fine. The glasses of tap water sit on the bar forever and I think maybe I should just go get them but he is standing near the bar disinterested in anything through all of this. Flag to order. He says your waitress is Maria. OK so I guess I'm supposed to know this somehow? Apparently we were imposing on him because he clearly did not want to do anything. Maria shows up with the food! I am still calm at this point, and she asks do I want condiments with my ($10) hamburger? Yes, please. Well, the hamburger is pretty dry and so I figure I'll wait until they come- and wait, and wait. They come-the tough parts of a few pieces of some iceberg lettuce and a slice of hard,yellow tomato. Could I have some mustard or mayonaise? Here she looks at me like she has never heard of these. These come-in large gravy pitchers! At this point she wants to know if everything is ok. At tell her no but only zero in on the no service earlier. She says that some people here do not do teamwork. Do I want to speak to the manger? Sure, maybe they can fix things. No manager shows up, no waitress after that, and no ticket. I finally just got up and left with my son, 20 and daughter, 15. Believe me they would have let me know if mom was being rude. There were 4 table eating and more wait staff than that was just standing around. I got the distinct feeling they were in their off season and really didn't care. That night wewent into Yauco several miles east and had some some delicious Subway sandwiches, excellent service, the man behind the counter pleasantly joked with us and it cost $15. The front desk receptionist never asked me how our stay was when we checked out.. In fact he was busy answering phone calls even though there was another clerk behind the desk. Lastly, there are two nice but shallow pools. There was no pool service, if you want food or drink you will need to hoof it to the bar across the grounds.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>MaishChicago
<Content>Great Place to Relax We took our family for a week for our first time in Puerto Rico. The resort is clean and well-equipped, the rooms comfortable although not luxurious, and the staff genuine and friendly. The pools areas and grounds are especially nice. We really enjoyed Irving's (the activities coordinator) Cave Hike. We recommend it for anyone reasonably fit - wear tennis/hiking shoes and consider taking a bandanna or damp rag as it can get a little messy inside the cave. Look for the GIANT Toad! The bar and live music was far above average - the Pina Coladas the Best! The food in the cafe/bar is alright, though much better in the restaurant Alexanders. Buffet Breakfast was more than generous - buy it with your package if possible.Be prepared to need a little patience on excursions - the public ferry may not be on time, as it fills up and may need to come back for you on another trip. The snorkeling was worth the money - good reef and helpful guides.Overall, it was a good value for your money, especially so in off season(summer months).  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>theasmo
<Content>Quiet and Relaxing Like many others here I first read many of these reviews prior to booking my vacation. The quantity of positive reviews here was actually pretty amazing, I almost wondered if this was too good to be true. Perhaps lots of relatives of employees were posting away!Well, I am happy to report that every positive review here is dead on. This resort is wonderful to stay at and is staffed with individuals of the highest caliber. I was amazed by the common concern that all staff members shared for the comfort of their guests. The maintenance and gardening crew, front desk, waiters and bartenders, cooks, pool and beach crew, store staff, etc... Everyone was so polite and helpful, and when needed were always willing to go above and beyond to ensure your visit was perfect.The resort was very clean and the grounds crew was out every day ensuring it stayed that way. The pool was cleaned every morning, I woke up early enough every day to see them doing so. The rooms were spacious, clean, and most certainly set the mood for relaxation.I booked a 4 night all inclusive. This was well worth the cost for me as I am a bit of a drinker and I love to eat! We were here for the first week of August, just after the local children were back in school. So the resort was very quiet, although it was still fully staffed! This time is considered part of their off season, however it was still a wonderful experience.The food was good at the outside cafe and very good for the inside fine dining. I was so conerned about the bar closing around 11:30pm and thought I would be left wanting a drink after, however I was so busy during the day that I never made it past 10:30pm any given night! This is good as there is no local night life. So if you're looking to have a busy day, a few drinks by the pool, and a good dinner and some relaxing music, then this is a place for you. If you're looking to go clubbing at night, then you need to look elsewhere. My only disappointment with the resort, and this is just personal preference, would be the beach. I enjoy a rough surf and diving into waves. The sea here is like a bathtub, very little movement and pretty warm. Obviously this will appeal to many, but may not for those used to a little action in the water.I am already planning my next trip back, and so I recommend this resort to anyone looking to get away for relaxation. From others I have met there I understand that it is much busier and less quiet during their regular season, so I plan on doing another offseason trip. I want to end by thanking the Copamarina staff for ensuring our vacation was wonderful, they really are great people there!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LightSpeedMatt
<Content>We Had a Nice Stay....BUT, Not for Divers!       View of Copamarina  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MrGelhs204
<Content>Hidden Gem Copamarina was exactly what our family was looking for: a relaxed, well maintained, comfortable, out of the way resort with outstanding service. We booked the package with breakfast buffet included - it was outstanding. We went out for lunch and dinner at various local places in the area and I recommend you do the same. We did not use the resort restaurants for lunch/dinner, but generally heard positive comments. It seemed some of the service issues that folks have mentioned here had been corrected. Rooms are spacious, clean, and well appointed. There is live music every night at the bar, but don't go there expecting any kind of nightlife. This is a place to rest and relax. Don't miss the trip to Gilligan's Island. You are picked up right at Copamarina's dock - very short ride to Gilligans. We swam in the mangrove all the way to the ocean - safe - no point is more than 5 feet deep. Copamarina offers dive tours but we did not take advantage of it. Car is a must if you want to see other great beaches in the area - the one at copamarina is not exactly the best. All of the pools at Copa, the gym, and tennis courts are quality. The staff is attentive and nice in a natural way. Lots of families, excellent service (sometimes a tough find in PR),  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lucayan
<Content>Nice time.Lovely resort. Copamarina is a lovely resort. The staff were friendly and helpful. The sea was warm. The breakfasts at the Las Palmas restaurant were plentiful and well planned. The room was clean and spacious. Alexandre's (indoor and classy) is a fine but pricey restaurant. We (myself, wife and 14-year-old son) really enjoyed our time here. He did his first scuba dive. Great fun, and very professional service. We saw some nice reef fish, though not quite in the profusion of some Caribbean destinations. The vast majority of guests are local, and this is reflected in the atmosphere, which is lively and gregarious. If you want to eat outside the resort, be aware that Puerto Rican cuisine does not sit at the top of Latin American culinary style, and that the local offerings are sparse. Gilligan's Island is often crowded, but the snorkelling is good. You really need a rental car to see anything else...do drive to San Juan (a couple of hours, but worth it) for the architecture and history. Just up the road from the resort are some outstanding beaches. Guanica (the nearest town) is not tourist oriented, but the dockfront really rocks for locals on weekends. This end of the island isn't really built for tourists, but in many ways that's OK. Oh, and last but not least, if you're noise sensitive, some of the rooms may keep you awake. Overall, I'm happy we went. So too will you be, I think.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>corsmitch
<Content>TRANQUILITY / CHARMING       grounds at the resort  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Amelia7386
<Content>We loved it I don't have enough words to say how beautiful Copamarina is We stood there for a week, and my kids didn't even want to leave. They had so much fun at the pools, beach, game rooms, gym, etc. The activities at the resort are excellent. Irving is a great teacher and knows how to plan the activities for all ages. The spa is excellent, thank you Jennifer and Ana for treating me like your family, love to both. Omar, Raul, Juanito and Edgardo thank you for your attentions at the Palmas Cafe. Katherine, Maria and the other girls, magnificent human beings, God bless you all. Eric and Jose (chef) thank you for your delicious meals, extraordinary taste, and Eric wonderful person. If you want to relax with your family and kids, visit Copamarina you won't regret every penny. I also recomend to take the package of all-inclusive it's worth it. To the whole staff of Copamarina our sincerely appreciations and hope to see you again next year.Olivieri-Colon FamilyBarranquitas, Puerto Rico  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cpuhog
<Content>Liked the place ...but Alexandra's service was BAD and beach is no good I am from PR but have lived in the states for 10+ years. This summer we decided to visit my island and stay in a local resort. CopaMarina looked great ... loved the room and the overall presence of care takers. The pools were clean and in great great shape. The beach is not good for anything but to walk and walk. It is toooooo shallow and coverd with marine plants almost in its entirety. So, the highlights are the pool and the room. There is no room service and the food in the Palma's Cafe is not that great with the exception of the breakfast buffet. However, their service at the Cafe is great...too bad the food is not as described in the menu (e.g. teriyaki wings with little to NO teriyaki sauce, fish fillets that actually fish sticks, the Parcha sauce with little to NO Parcha (passion fruit) flavor) ... Now in our last night we decided to eat dinner at Alexandra's (their good restaurant). We understand that service has ups and downs but we were lucky enough to receive the WORST service ever during our dinner. We made reservations for 8pm as requested by their staff. We arrived and were taken to our table then we were told that Jonathan was our waiter ... no no it is Lorenzo ... but Lorenzo did NOT stopped at our table ever during the night. Around 20 minutes passed and the head-waiter noticed our long faces (I know we could have said something but for some time we were engaged in conversation) .. he stopped asking for our order...but we had not even been asked for our drinks ... ok, he took our drinks (no alcohol that night) and our dinner order...... waited ... waited.... people came in .. got to their tables ..ordered ..got their food.... 45minutes later we got ours. I noticed Lorenzo dancing around the tables serving others but never stopped by. Other waiters topped water glasses around ... not in our table ...my son ran out of soda .. nobody asked to get a new one until we stopped one of them ... nobody stopped and checked on our experience ... The food was bland in flavor (little seasoning on the fillet mignon) and in the case of my mofondo-de-camarones (mashed plantains with shrimp inside) the shrimps were not removed entirely from their shell which made eating the mix a stop-n-go affair.We had to stop them and ask for the check ... we left ... NO TIP.I love my island .. but one thing that is true is the spottiness (is that a word?) of the customer service. I hope you have a better experience than I did at CopaMarina. The grounds are beautiful ... the rooms are big and clean ... the pools are very very nice.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>acee53
<Content>Loved Copamarina Our stay in Copamarina was excellent. The place is very neat, beautiful, well kept and very well managed. Food was above my expectations. Rooms are big, very clean. Employees cater to you every whim, well informed, very courteous. You will not get bored, there is a lot to do, even if you do not want to do a thing, it is peaceful and quiet if you just want to read. Beautiful scenery. The all inclusive is a better deal, and it is worth every penny. I will definitely go back any day if I could. We were a family of five adults and stayed an extra day because we loved it !!!! The non motorized water equipment was excellent and we enjoyed it very much.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BfromSC
<Content>Beautiful Resort but Scuba Diving Not Available - DIVERS READ! We just returned from a nice visit to the Copamarina last week. The grounds are beautiful, room was nice, and overall we had a good time. The main issue we had was that scuba diving was not available all week. When we checked in on Tuesday we were told that there would not be any diving available until Saturday, the day we were flying back to the US. The hotel employee was very nice and said that May is a slow month so the scuba employees decided to take a job all week repairing a reef that had been badly damaged. She said that we could go diving through a different dive shop that is 30 minutes away. She did not say anything good about the shop, but simply said they do diving. We would have to drive there or they could call us a cab. My husband and I do not dive very often so we always research dive shops before we go diving with them. We had already researched the Copamarina and felt very confident that this is a solid dive shop with a good reputation, however we did not know anything about the dive shop that is 30 minutes away. We did not bring our laptop and the Copamarnia does not have any available computers, so we did not have a way to do any online research. Therefore we decided not to go diving. I guess we could have driven the 30 minutes and tried to find out more about the dive shop, but we had been stuck in horrible traffic in San Juan for 3 hours and simply did not want to get back in the car. We came there expecting to dive onsite, not have to drive 30 minutes to a dive shop that may or may not be reputable. If you are not a diver, I would recommend you stay at the Copamarina because it is very nice and peaceful. We did not do the all inclusive meal plan, but I might consider it if we go back because there are not too many places nearby to eat. I thought the food was good and we enjoyed the open air cafe and the music at night. The only other issue we had is that you can hear everything in the room next door through the connecting locked door. The first night we woke up at midnight because the people were talking and when they sneezed at 6:00 am it was so loud I thought someone was in our room. I complained and was moved to a room that had a vacant room next door. However, during high season this might not be possible. The doors are very thin and need some insulation. I guess the bottom line is that if you are a diver and plan to dive, I would not stay there. Our experience is not isolated if you read the other reviews it happened to another reviewer in March of this year. However, if you are simply wanting a nice vacation in relaxing area then the Copamarina is a good choice. Feel free to email me with questions.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>dylaud
<Content>We still love it here!         
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JQ_Citizen
<Content>Well above average Private beach which was surprisingly uncrowded considering the number of rooms at this resort. Staff unfailingly courteous with, at a minimum, a working knowledge of English. Rooms clean, modern, comfortable, with a small patio. Guanica is a very dry area but the resort grounds had plenty of greenery and large palm trees. Wireless internet access extended to rooms. 2 pools, 2 hot tubs, Hobie, kayak, and other water rentals available.Breakfast at Las Palmas Cafe is buffet style and excellent, with made-to-order egg ishes and a wide selection of food. Lunch and dinner menu limited and nothing special; all meals at the cafe are reasonably priced. The onsite dinner restaurant was very good with a good wine selection, and a bit expensive.Not a whole lot to do in this section of the country, but PR is a small island so it's easy to drive to Ponce or other towns for some history  culture. If you intend to stay resort-bound, you'll be very happy with the Copamarina.Overall, good value for the money and very positive experience.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>chester
<Content>March 2007 Visit       Room  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>BigDog67
<Content>Great Family Vacation! My family just returned from a week at the Copamarina. This is the first time I am writing a review on trip advisor, largely because I chose the property based on trip advisor reviews. I hope this is helpful. Also, I travel a lot for business and have stayed at many outstanding resorts, so I think I'm a pretty good judge of things.The Copamarina was a great choice for us -- my wife, 10 year-old son, and 6 year-old daughter. It is a beautiful property with grounds that are immaculately maintained and located in a visually stunning part of Puerto Rico. We have stayed on more exotic islands and this area in SW PR rivaled many of those places. We are an active family. My kids are outstanding swimmers and athletes, and we were active the entire time with great activities. Obviously, with young children, their enjoyment largely dictates the quality of the vacation. They never wanted to leave the resort! We did not do the all-inclusive, though next time we will. The area around the hotel, after the beautiful forest ends, is largely poor and there are not many good restaurants. The food at the property restaurants was good, and sometimes very good, but not great. But certainly much better than anything else around. How good? One night, the former Governor of PR sat at the table next to us. I assume that means its OK!Part of what makes this place great are the people that work there. The staff( Wilmer, Irving, JJ, Lisbeth, Rosa, etc.) are amazing and made us and our kids feel totally at home. Meet these people and befreind them -- they added so much to our experience! The activities are something off of the Discovery Channel. The pools are beautiful and inviting. Also, of major importance to us, the beach stays very shallow for like 50 yards out, which is a total stress releiver when traveling with a 6 year old. A lot of how much you like a vacation is about expectations. So to level set yours about the Copamarina -- it is not a super luxury hotel in any sense of the word. It's funny -- I almost don't want to say too much and make this place too popular! But I want to be honest, because trip advisor helped us out. If you're looking for a Four Seasons experience, you will be disappointed. There was a couple there who were bemoaning that it wasn't nearly as nice as Fiji or Hawaii. Duh, it's Puerto Rico! But if you are an easy going family looking for a fun week in a beautiful caribean resort, you'll dig this place.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>LauraPh
<Content>perfect! My teenage daughter and i just returned from our annual spring break trip. We Stayed 7 days at the Copamarina and loved every minute of it. It is wonderfully relaxing and we felt safe the entire time.We rented a car in San Juan and drove to the resort. There were no troubles at all. It was easy to get there and we used the car to go to hiking excursions in the Guanica Rain Forest and to the town of Yuaco.The staff was really good. After the second day we felt like they knew us and remembered what we liked. They actually seemed happy to see us. The attendants on the beach were wonderful - when we went to the pool we would see them brushing the sand off our chairs and adjusting our towels. The bartenders were great... they knew how to make all kinds of drinks and made them really well. Food was fantastic. We tried something different each night and were never disappointed. The breakfast and lunch menus were really good, too. The whole resort was very clean - there were constantly people picking up things and just tending to the grounds. I cannot say enough good things!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ChiGirly
<Content>Please read if you have concerns about this resort We just got back from spending 8 days at the Copamarina and we had a wonderful time. We booked the trip through our Royal Holiday Club membership and I read everything there was on the web to read before our trip. I had some concerns about some of the things I read and I am happy to report that none of them were issues for my family. I have a 9 year old son and a 7 year old son and they had a blast. We flew into San Juan from Washington DC on a Tuesday night and practically had the whole plane to ourselves. We arrived at the San Juan airport around 10:30 p.m. and made the short walk with our luggage to the airport hotel and stayed the night (they have a small casino there if you like to gamble). The next morning we took the airport shuttle to Hertz and picked up our rental car. If you rent a car, I strongly suggest spending the extra money and getting the GPS system. The Hertz system took us right to the resort without any difficulty. I spoke to others at the resort who got lost with poor directions they had obtained. We had a very pleasant drive to the resort even though I was a little concerned about everything I had read about Puerto Rican drivers. I will tell you that they do drive fast and they do not use their turn signals and will cut in front of you if you are not going fast enough so you just have to pay attention and move out of the way. Also, if you take the main highways to the resort from San Juan, make sure you have plenty of toll money with you. You will hit a few toll booths going to the resort (some tolls are high like $2.00鈥thers are .50) and you will hit several coming back. The road gets narrow once you get into Guanica and head up the hill towards the resort. There is enough roomfor two cars to pass and the road is paved but you need to go slowly around the corners and don鈥檛 rush. The resort is beautiful and the rooms are very tropical looking and clean. Our room had two queen beds, a mini frige and a very nice balcony overlooking the pool at the end of the resort. They have kid鈥檚 activities during the day (check at the front desk for the activity list and times) and J.J. is awesome with the children. My kids played soccer, twister, baseball, sack races, kayak races鈥nd the dive shop will usually give them prizes. My boys got t-shirts, bags, hats, stickers and tattoos. Unlike what other people said in their posts, I saw the security guards almost everyday we were there. I spoke to the one gentleman a couple of times and he was very good at making sure people weren鈥檛 coming down from the public beach and making sure there were no issues. The food is fantastic and I am very happy we did the all-inclusive. It cost $270 a day for all 4 of us and betweenthe fruity drinks, the kids eating little meals throughout the day, and our big lobster and steak dinners, the all-inclusive was the only way to go. One couple we met did not do the all inclusive and the one dinner they had on the resort was over $200 for the 4 of thembut they raved at how great the food was and that they should have paid for all inclusive and ate there every night instead of leaving the resort. Plus my children were in the kayaks and paddle boats a lot and that was included in the price also. We went to Gilligan鈥檚 Island but found that a little disappointing. The beaches there are not what you would think they would be and it is tuff to find a secluded spot if the island is crowded but we did see some beautiful fish so if you are going there, snorkeling is a must. We also did a hike in the Guanica Dry forest and went on a tour with Copamarina down into a cave that is not advertised to general public. It is a little steep getting in the cave and you will get dirty so make sure not to wear light colored clothes or anything you would not want to get dirty. My boys had a blast in the cave and really enjoyed it. Check at the front desk if you want to do it. It is just a short drive down the road from the resort. In general, the staff were great, the waiters and bar tenders are awesome, food is fantastic, it is very safe (I left my personal belongings at the pool every day and no one ever touched anything), we made a lot of new friends, the boys had a blast and it was just a very wonderful and memorable trip.The resort is quiet and not real rowdy and I could just let my children run the resort and I didn鈥檛 have to worry about them like I did when we were in Jamaica. The sun is very very intense though so if you have fair skin, I suggest getting zinc to keep on noses and ears. Also, the main bar closes around 11p.m. (but they did stay open late one night for us) and the smaller bar near the pool atthe far end of the resort closes at 5:00. Also, many of the local area attractions are closed on Mondays (and some on Tuesdays) so makesure you check before you head out somewhere. If you are lookingfor a nice quiet vacation or quality family time with the children, Copamarina is perfect!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>know_how_travel
<Content>hidden paradise         
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tumbao2
<Content>Fabulous, relaxing vacation! My wife and I were looking for a quiet, yet somewhat elegant andcompletely relaxing place to spend 5 days during spring break.The Copamarina was perfect! Our room was simple, but included everything we wanted. The grounds were beautifully maintained. The restaurants gave us the option of casual, yet deliciously prepared meals in an outside atmosphere, or inside, in an elegant, slightly more formal, setting where the menu was varied and all marvelously prepared. Most important, the people who work there were utterly friendly and went out of their way to make sure that we enjoyed ourselves. If you are looking to party all night, this is not for you. If you are looking to gamble in casinos, this is not for you. If you are looking to enjoy a relaxing vacation in a beautifulpart of the world, this is for you! Enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AidanSineadsMom
<Content>Enjoyed the Copamarina We just returned from a stay in Puerto Rico that included the Copamarina. We found it beautiful and relaxing. I had read the earlier reviews and was not put off by most of the comments about the remoteness or lack of nightlife. We did not use the all-inclusive plan as we just couldn't contemplate eating that much food or using that many water toys. We had the junior suite, which included a refrigerator and microwage, so we usually ate one meal a day in the hotel restaurant and the others in the suite from groceries purchased in nearby Guanica. Staff is friendly and helpful. We took the boat to Gilligan's island and had fun snorkeling there. The hotel's beach is very shallow and calm, more like a wading experience. However, many of the kids were jumping off the pier, where it was deeper. A better swimming experience can be found at Cana Gorda, the public beach which is literally right next door to the hotel property and was almost deserted every day we were there. The pools are nice, with the pool furthest from the lobby tending to be more quiet.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>akersmom
<Content>Terrible experience! My husband and I stayed at this hotel recently. At about midnight we received a phone call. I answered the phone and a man said that it was the front desk, that there was a problem with my husband's credit card. The man said that my husband needed to go to the front desk right then. (The front desk is about a 15 min. walk from the room we were in). Fortuntately, my husband was suspicious and did not go. He called the front desk and they said they had not called us. Earlier that day when I was showering there were men outside our window talking explicitly about women. I think it was the same men who called that night, expecting that my husband would leave me alone in the room. When we reported this to the hotel management, they just shrugged their shoulders and said there was nothing they could do. They didn't offer to call the police, look for the people or anything. This hotel is in a very remote location and there is no concern for safety whatsoever.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>get-out-of-the-cold
<Content>Copamarnia - Clean, Quiet and Relaxing The other reviews of Copamarina tell the story very well. We stayed there in the end of March and it met our expectations based on other reviews I read on Trip Advisor. A couple of points I will add:We did not do the all inclusive package and I was worried that there would be no place for my kids to eat outside of the Copamarnia resort. There really isn't any other place to eat without driving. However within 5 miles, in Guanica, there is both a McDonalds and a Burger King as well as a food store. There are restaurants in Guanica but they didn't look inviting to me. There are a number of typical strip mall businesses (K-mart, Walgreens, KFC, Quiznos, high end food store, etc) about 10 miles away in Yauco.If you ask for directions at the front desk there is an area down the coast a bit (20 min) that has lots of restaurants right on the ocean. It is a bit of an adventure if you are up for it. It is not too hard to find but it is further then their map would lead you to believe.The resort is off of a long (3.5 miles) narrow curvy road which makes driving in an out a bit of a hassle but the road looked freshly paved. Speaking of roads, I was amazed at how nice the roads in general are in Puerto Rico. We did eat once at the resort at and had the steak and Lobster ($35 a plate) and it was very good. Outside you can have more casual food like fajitas hamburgers etc for reasonable prices $8 to $15 a plate.Don't pay extra for a Ocean view. All of the rooms have an Ocean view. There are only a couple of rooms (less then 5) that do not have a good view. The view will be better from the 2nd level but having a walkout room is really nice for going to and from the pool. There are 2 pools, 2 hot tubs, 2 kiddie pools, game room. Both pools are large but one is larger and nicer then the other however, that pool is further from the restaurant.The staff is friendly and they speak english. Although I never saw a security guard, I felt very safe there. Someone wrote a review and complained about too many kids and this not being a good place for a honeymoon. I have to disagree. We were there at spring break and the place was dead. There were other families with kids but you often had the hot tub to yourself and 80% of the chairs by the pool were open.There were organized games for the kids during the day but no action at all for kids or adults in the evening. This is not a good place for singles looking to party with others.On our way home we took a different route. We took route 10 up from Ponce across the island. That was interesting but don't do it if you don't have a lot of time. A large part of the trip was on small mountian roads that weren't well marked. However, you are up in the mountains and the scenery is really tropical and pretty.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YankeeMike
<Content>Beautiful but remote I found Copamarina on the internet, and selected it in part due to previous Tripadvisor reviews. We flew into San Juan, and rented a car. It took about 2 hours to get to Guanica (after a couple minor wrong turns) Unfortunately there were no signs for the resort, and we hadn't thought to get detailed directions. I asked a local cop, and we got a flashing lights escort to the resort! Very nice, even though they spoke no English. Check-in was efficient and friendly. All the staff was very friendly throughout the stay. The grounds were beautiful and constantly being groomed. The rooms were large and comfortable, with a partial view of the Caribbean. There was frequently a nasty low-tide/cesspool smell outside the front door, but it never came into the room. The pools were clean and the perfect temperature, rarely crowded. Some days they had organized pool activities that our kids (12 year-old twins) enjoyed thoroughly. The beach was nice, but there was a lot of seaweed in the shallow water, not great for swimming. We did the all-inclusive, which I would recommend for the meals alone, but it also included use of kayaks and Hobie cat. Lots of good sailing inside the barrier reef with steady breezes. There are 2 restaurants, Las Palmas (outside) and Alexandra (inside) The waitstaff was very friendly, but often it seemed as though they didn't really know how to wait tables. The service at Las Palmas was often intolerably slow. Breakfast buffet was very good. The food at Alexandra was usually very good as well. Guanica is a small town in the middle of nowhere, and there is not much to do outside the resort, We went to the Guanica Dry Forest reserve one day; a unique habitat that was interesting, but that is about it. If you are looking for a comfortable, warm place to enjoy the sun and warm weather, this is it. Overall cost was pretty reasonable, at least for the Caribbean.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Annes'sspringbreak
<Content>A very special place: My college daughter and I vacationed at the Copamarina in early March 2007. It was a very last minute decision to go and we were so fortunate that we made some great decisions. Traveling without my husband was a first, we felt extremely safe. The resort is so inviting and the staff was engaging and pleasant. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. We loved the cozy outside bar, guitar player and the informal atmosphere. We weren't looking for a disco at night so this atmospere worked well for us. We did all inclusive-for us was probably a good idea. I am a wine drinker but their wine selection was limited. Thankfully, I really did enjoy the wine, not a disappointment. Food was above average, most nights outstanding!The people that work at the resort are very special. Not in your face, but attentive. They really seemed happy to see you each day. Very nice perk!If I had to communicate a down side it would be the beach itself . The seaweed really wasn't a big deal, but you really couldn't take a walk beside the water, even if you left the resort. We decided to get our exercise in the pool . If you want a tranquil vacation, choose the Copamarina. I hope to return with my husband to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary.Thanks Guys,Pam  Anne, Indiana, PA.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>NestorMitrea
<Content>So Wonderful Our family just got back from a week long stay at the Copamarina. It is a lovely place. The service is incredible, mostly because everyone is just so nice. The staff is friendly but not over friendly. They are always willing to help out - even with requests that are out of the norm. Wilmer who manages the front desk is incredibly sweet and went out of his way to help us when my 8 year old daughter got sick. Raul is an amazing bartender, an artist. My husband will remember his mojitos for a long time. Maria and Robert in the restaurant are great waiters. The rooms are kept clean and they are comfortable. It looked to us like virtually all of them have some view of the ocean. Next time we will choose our room based on location versus ocean view, etc. The walk from the far rooms is more like a hike and with the kids constantly forgetting something in the room, my husband and I felt like ping pong balls. Those rooms are secluded, private and very quiet though. The closer rooms are probably louder but the convenience, for us would be a huge plus. We preferred the rooms on the ground floor as they have access directly to the beach and main grounds but the view from the second floor was better.The food was good and plentiful. We all put on a bit of weight. Alexandra served a paella one night the was out of this world. The only criticism we would offer of the fine restaurant was that it was inconsistent. The food was always good but the same dish didn't taste the same each time. I ordered flan every night and it was different each time. The lobster risotto was to die for two nights in a row. One night it was filled to overflowing with lobster and light on the saffron and the next night it was light on the lobster and had so much saffron that I couldn't' believe it. It was delicious both times just a bit of a surprise.The trip to Gulligan's Island was fun but it wasn't what we expected. The picture in the brochure and dive shop shows a clear white beach... that just wasn't there. We did run into a few other guests wandering around the island looking for the beach. That piece was disappointing. However, It was a great first snorkeling experience for our kids. There wasn't any great coral but lots of fish and it was very manageable and affordable. You can go over there for just an hour which is nice too.Do take the cave hike. It's unique and Irving is a hoot.We did do the all-inclusive and feel that we got more than our money's worth. The bartenders made slushies for the kids all day and we all ate and drank more than our share. The grounds are beautiful and immaculate.One last thing, It was the most mixed crowd we've ever seen on our travels. There were couples of all ages from the very young to the elderly, there were families with young children and families with older teens, there were Americans, Puerto Ricans, Europeans, even a few college kids on their spring break, just everyone. It seems to be a nice, quiet, fun place with a little something for everyone.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AshNazg
<Content>Beautiful Copamarina I can't say that those who wrote negative reviews didn't genuinely have an awful time here -- but my wife and I definitely had a wonderful stay at the Copamarina. The staff doesn't deserve any of the comments claiming that they were slow and unfriendly. Quite the opposite, I felt that the entire staff was pleasant and everyone we encountered went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. The maintenance staff was especially responsive to a few problems we had, and management offered to upgrade our room even after the trouble had been taken care of. With only a few days of our stay left, we didn't take them up on it -- we were very happy with our original room (Superior Garden View) which was quite large and comfortable.We did not choose the all-inclusive package, which turned out to be the right choice for us. We didn't feel that the food and drinks were sub-par or overpriced, as other reviewers had claimed. We had a great time by the pools, which we almost had to ourselves at times, and also had a lot of fun snorkeling and swimming at 'Gilligan's Island'. It's nicer than the Ca帽a Gorda public beach next to the Copamarina, which we thought was pretty trashy and uninviting. That's hardly the Copamarina's fault, and their own grounds are lovely and well-maintained.The road to the Copamarina isn't 'treacherous' but it is narrow. The edge lines are painted and there is enough room for two vehicles to pass each other, but take your time.In the end, our only real disappointment was that weather changed our plans and cut our stay short by a day. We'd like to close by thanking all the fantastic people who work at the Copamarina for making our visit one of the most relaxing vacations we've ever had.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShutterGo
<Content>A wonderful experience       Our view from the room  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ktjengs
<Content>A romantic getaway? I don't think so. I can't believe this place is recommended as a great honeymoon or a romantic getaway for couples. Children took over the place from about 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. I don't know how anyone can call listening to 12 hours of Marco Polo being played relaxing. Children aside - the resort was beautiful, service was great, and I found the food at Alexandra to be superb. If I had kids, I might go back one day since I know I could just let them run amok and scream their heads off while I soak up some sun by the pool.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SAKANAYA
<Content>Our favorite family vacation spot We stayed at Copamarina for 5 nights after staying 1 night in San Juan (2/20-2/26). We will skip San Juan next time and go to Copamarina straight from the airport as it takes only 2-hour drive. We brought 7 years old and 3 years old, both loved the pool, kiddie pool and play ground. We did not choose All Inclusive package and that was the right choice for us as we saved $1000 over food and activities that we did not do. My husband did scuba diving twice (2 x $90), and I did Bodyderm spa massage ($80), and still saved that much money. We were disappointed that Alexandra restaurant was horrible. I ordered Oriental shrimp and the sauce was totally disgusting - believe me, any Chinese restaurant in your home town can do better. My husband ordered some Italian-like dish with pasta, and we agreed that nothing was fancy. Alexandra was supposed to be fancy with lots of $$$, but food is not worth the money at all. We drove to neighboring town and had much better dinner there. We stayed in Garden View room, but it was a bit small for our family. We looked at the Superior Garden View room and it had more space and looked nicer. Our Garden View room did not have a bath tub (just shower), but we were told that we just needed to ask for it as some rooms have bath tub. The resoft is relaxed and laid back, and stuff were friendly to make us feel comfortable. Overall, we liked this resort and want to go back again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mbrebnor
<Content>Nice Resort Copamarina is a nice resort in Guanica, Puerto Rico. Very friendly staff make for an enjoyable stay. The rooms were very nice for the carribean. They are a decent size. We had a nice balcony overlooking the beach and pool area. The food at the restaurants was ok, but the service was great. Especially if you do the all-inclusive, which I highly recommend if you don't rent a car to go elsewhere. I went to Gilligans Island, which was nice. I would advise wearing beach shoes. There is a lot of sea shells.The beach at the resort has a lot of sea grass. If you walk down the beach to the right past the fence, it gets better. Rent a car if you are looking for entertainment because Copamarina is a resort for relaxing. The guitar player was nice at night after dinner.I think the only thing that I didn't like was the picture Id necklaces for the all-inclusive guests. Arm bands would have worked for me. Even though we wore the Id's, the staff still asked for the room number everytime we went to the restaurant or to the bar.We had an overall nice stay at Copamarina.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>attorneyinmichigan
<Content>Overall, the best resort in Puerto Rico First let me see that the food, service and accomodations were WAY above par. Everything was perfect, except for the beach at that specific location. If you like bats, beautiful cactus, limestone caves and lots of interesting birds, the dessert to the north is beyond words - I could go back just for that aspect. Prior to staying here, I did some research on Tripadvisor. Most people were concerned with the beach, which has its problems, but when you compare the best locations in PR, it's at the top of the list. Take El Conquistador for example - this is a great resort with all of the amenities but you have to take a ferry to go to the beach, and there is no snorkeling location nearby. Or, if you were to compare it to Culebra accomidations, you can find a location on Flamenco beach but you have to buy your own groceries. I could go on and on, but the only drawback to this place is the beach, and it is a short ferry ride away to Gilligan's Island, a mangrove outcropping just southeast of the location.So lets talk about the most castigated aspect of this location - the beach. Copa is at the edge of a bay, approximately three quarters of a mile north of the edge of the reef line. As a result, there is little wave action, and LOTS of sea grass. It's just a normal part of that location. It does not feel good on the feet, and I do not recommend going into it - but that's not Copa's fault. Why do I say that? Well, it's very difficult (and for good reason) to get permits to build resorts on or next to reefs because of the damage they tend to inflict in terms of runoff and traffic. So if you want your reef at your doorstep, you may want to go somewhere else where you don't have everything else Copa offers. That said, getting to reef - well, the FISH, in particular, is not difficult. There are four ways to go - a $6.42 ferry to Gilligan's Island, a $45 two hour snorkeling trip, by kayak or by swimming (only skilled triathalets should attempt this). GILLIGANS ISLAND A lot of folks here have critisized Gilligan's Island. Not worth the time, they say - too trashy - no fish, and no reef. Well here is the low down. I went through the island, around the island and on one of the trails. I went everywhere that one could go by foot or by swimming. There are five sections for exploration. The first is by foot. The foot trail on the northern tier is difficult, often slippery, and you WILL find trash nearby. That is because the college kids from Ponce and Mayaguez use Gilligans as a recreational location and are too drunk to clean up after themselves. You will find some of this trash - mostly pop cans - on the northern side of the island, along with sea grass. Although teeming with minows, its a waste of time for snorkelers. Your best bet is outside on the southern, ocean-facing side and the two rivers that stream down from east to west. On the southern, outer edge of the island you will find some of the most beautiful and numerous fish colonies in the Carribean for snorkling (I should know as I've done most). They are under the mangroves and number in the hundreds. If you swim south towards the breaking water (which is about a half mile out) you will find about 20% reef and occasional fish. Be forewarned, however - the current is VERY strong. You should only attempt to swim out to the reef if you have the stamina and endurance to withstand the flow of water. I recommend going along the outside of the northern edge of the island, using the hanging mangroves to steady you against the current, until you get to the far east end of the island.Once you hit the eastern edge you can stand and walk to the river mouth, and then drift snorkle down back to the west end where you first arrived on the boat. There are two rivers that merge into one - the north and south river. I did both several times and the southern one is the best for fish viewing. The trick here is NOT to look down as you won't see anything - the fish are all under the rocks and mangroves, under the shadows. You should wait until noon as there will be less shadow. Here you will find approximately 20 different species of fish, mostly babies, but some very large adults (who are feeding) hiding under the rock. Brace yourself under a mangrove and watch them peer out to see you. Once you get back to near the dock, where most of the people and children are, you might think there are no fish - but alas! There are hundreds. Minows, baby Sergant majors and in the little alcoves, crabs and shrimp. I also saw two VERY LARGE baricuda cruising through for a quick meal.THE SNORKELING TRIPOne thing you should know is that warm weather and hurricanes have done damage to the Carribean reef system, with some reports showing that almost 90% of reefs are dead or dying. This is true, so don't be surprised if you dont see something from the cover of national geographic. That said, there are reef colonies and fish nearby. The snorkeling trip, which is a bit steep, is good to see coral, but not so much for fish. You are basically ferried straight out ot near the breakwater where the reef begins. I saw more fish in one spot at Gilligans than in the entire reef trip. I did see beautiful brain coral, finger coral and other coral colonies on the trip. If you MUST take it, however, you may be able to convince a local in the town nearby to take you there for less. If fish are you thing, stick to the island. It takes some daring, strength and patience, but you will see amazing biodiversity.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhiTauBill
<Content>A wonderful, relaxing escape at the Copamarina... My wife and I stayed at the Copamarina from Thursday through Monday in late January and had an excellent time there.We flew into San Juan, and took the hotel's shuttle to and from the airport. Both trips took three hours (traffic slowed us on the way there and a pit stop to pick up an additional passenger that never showed up slowed us on the way back). At $120 each way for two, it was a bit pricey, but we concerned about driving from other reviews we read. The drive is scenic, and not really that treacherous in my opinion. We'll definitely rent a car next time.And I think there will certainly be a next time!The staffmembers were very pleasant (with a few exceptions) and helpful, and the service was quite good (a little slower than we're use to in the states, but we were on vacation, so no worries)We loved the food and the beach. If you get up rather early, you can likely get one of the three four-post beach beds that are very comfortable and I would recommend that you try to spend a few hours of your stay in one.We did the All-Inclusive package, and were not dissappointed (although my pregnant wife would have liked to be able to take full advantage of the free drinks, she like the yummy frozen drinks sans alcohol). The breakfast buffet made for a tasty start to each day. The made-to-order omelets were just OK but everything else was right up our alley. For lunches, we loved the fact that the waiters that worked the beach would bring food in additon to beverages. The Chicken Quesadillas were delicious as was the grilled Tuna. We generally had a snack at the beach in the late morning followed by a late lunch at the outdoor restaurant. We both gained a few pounds from this trip!Dinner was also quite tasty, although we stuck with more traditional dishes like Filet Mignon and Sea Bass versus some of the Puerto Rican Nouvelle Cuisine offerings. We sat in the resturant the first two nights, and reserved outside tables for nights three and four. Our servers were courteous and efficient, and the desserts were tasty, too.As for drinks, the frozen drinks were very good, especially the mudslide. The bartenders worked hard to please, and we tipped them accordingly. I drink mostly beer, and the selection was pretty good for an all-inclusive place (selections included Heineken, Presidente, Medalia Light, and others) and it was always ICE cold.As for the room, we stayed in an Oceanview room, and it was nothing special, but it had everything we needed. We did appreciate having access to the pool and the beach right outside our door!I played volleyball everyday (beware, the ground is particularly hard on the court), and it was a fun game. My wife and I took out the big water tricycle, and it was a workout. The catamarans looked fun, but we did not take advantage. We went ona snorkeling trip that was fun, but we've been spoiled by trips to Maui such that we were a little disappointed in the number and variety of the fish that we saw.The beach was clean, and well maintained, and there just wasn't much to distract us from our reading and sunbathing. It was, in a word, paradise.All in all, I'd highly recommend the Copamarina to anyone who wants a relaxing trip. We did not bring our 20 month old son with us, but know that we will next time, as the Copamarina seemed like a great place for kids. We wanted to check out the villas to see if they would be good for a vacation with my wife's sister, her husband and their kids the next time around, but they were all booked up.We'll report back when we visit again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>Zwithapggb
<Content>Relaxation, location, great diving.            
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gunner27
<Content>Nice but not my favorite We just returned from staying at the Copamarina. It was nice but we found the front desk staff to have no personality at all. The hotel was clean and the view is beautiful. but after checking in to our room the connecting room wasn't locked and when we opened the door there was another family in the next room - changing no doubt! Had to wait awhile for this to be fixed since the door had nails keeping the lock from locking?? The safe needed a key that you had to pick up from the front desk (what's the point if the front desk has a key). Dinner at Alexandra was okay but when we asked to sit outside we were told that request couldn't be accomodated. When the couple next to us complained after being seated in the restaurant that they wanted to sit outside and they were told no they wouldn't take no for an answer and got seated outside. When we asked why they were granted outside seating after being seated inside, the staff told us they had reservations. When clearly they did not. They were out of pool towels and when they finally came in after the pool towel truck ran out of gas we were charged a 30.00 deposit for two towels (you do get this back after returning the towels, but let's get real) the towels aren't really that nice. On the whole it's not a bad hotel, it just didn't make us feel welcomed and we usually stay at Ramada's etc. So, we expected to be welcomed when we arrived, paying close to 300.00 a night. There's no vanity in the bathroom only a pedistal sink. The view is beautiful and if you're going to Puerto Rico to read a book then this is the place for you. If you want a friendly atomosphere then I'd go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>buckosorenson
<Content>Beautiful place management could improve We just returned from a twoday two night stay at Copamarina. It is very beautiful and clean, restaurants are great. I was disappointed in the treatment I received upon arrival and with the Spa. Our reservation said Check-in at 3:00, one room was ready by 3 but after we had already waited 45 they said the second room could be another 1-1.5 hrs they have until 5:00 to get it ready, they never know when the room is going to be available (but check out is 12:00?). I pointed out politely that all the internet sites and my confirmation said at 3:00. The Manager kept arguiing that anywhere in the world you can expect to wait a couple of hours. The only other problem with this is that it is set in a desert env. and there are no towns around to explore. We noticed several rooms were empty in our bldg. that night. I also followed the directions of cancelling a manicure 6hrs ahead when we didn't know if the Snorkel trip was going out (water was cloudy these days) the spa wasn't open and the phone never connected to the voice mail. I called again during Bkft and the Spa Personnel was actually rude that I hadn't cancelled 6hrs before. I was also told I'd be given a blanket or bed for my 3rd son (slept on the hard floor) but it never came. I hope no one else has to go through this. We had a very enjoyable stay on the ocean up in Rincon.susanand family from Madison,WI  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrsblake
<Content>Everything we hoped for...       Guanica - outside resort  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mysanibelcondo
<Content>What a great resort! Our family just spent five wonderful days at this resort and all agree it was one of the most beautiful and relaxing places we have stay in the US territories. It is a low-key resort without the hustle and bustle of the large institutions on the East side of the island. Food was very good and everthing needed is right there on the property. It is far from other attractions except the local walks through the Dry Rainforest at Guinica so this is a place to check in and chill out for a few days.Definitely get the all inclusive price that covers all food (three meals daily), drinks, boats, some trips, gratuities plus other perks. The all-inclusive rate is very reasonable for the value it provides.We weren't impressed by the local trip to Gilligans Island but perhaps we missed something.Otherwise, this is definitely a place to go out of your way especially if you are interested in exploring other part of PR outside of the San Juan metro area.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>rhormaza73
<Content>Only visited, but a great experience We went into Copamarina just for a couple of drinks but i left later that afternoon with the desire of booking a weekend soon after. it had great view, very quiet, great people.. best place to go and relax. it is also near Guanica's dry forest which is a nice hike too.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>futurefile
<Content>for refugees of the island life       Gilligan's Island  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>jp_xyx
<Content>Great place to relax       Sunset at the Copa  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NMM1027
<Content>Relaxing Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed at the Copamarina in late October and I had to comment on what a fabulous time we had. We rented a car in San Juan and it took us about 2 hours to drive to the resort in some awful weather. The directions were good and the roads were well kept...try to bring some quarters and singles for the tolls. The drive up 333 to the resort starts in a poor area which was sad to see, but it gets beautiful as you get closer to the resort. Stop to take some pictures of the cliffs if you can.The resort itself is very pretty and well maintained and the staff is friendly and helpful. The pools were numerous and all were kept clean and were virtually empty while we were there. The beach was nice as well with clear, calm and warm shallow water. Throughout our stay we felt as if we had the resort to ourselves, even on the weekends when there were many Puerto Rican families there. That was great for us because we went away to relax in peace and quiet and that's exactly what we got. It's a great place to reconnect with your loved one.We had the all inclusive option and highly recommend it since the food is pricey as it is all over the Caribbean. Both restaurants serve some native dishes which were fun to try. The food is not gourmet, but it is mostly good although the dinner options got a little boring by the last night of our stay. The service and food was off one night, but great the other 3.One thing I would recommend against was Gilligan's Island...don't waste your time. It was nothing more then a dirty picnic area with lots of ants. We snorkeled in the mangroves and didn't see too much activity and we caught the very first ferry back.All in all, if you are looking to really get away from it all to relax with your loved one this place can't be beat.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>nycvegas
<Content>Very nice but This is a very nice resort for families and couples. I went to Puerto Rico to pick up my mom and relax. The trip from Mercedita airport is about 45 minutes .Upon entering Guanica, the road up a mountain to the resort includes 31 turns( I counted) that need to be navigated with extreme caution on edge if Caribbean Sea.Good*Alexandra's restaurant entree are delicious but reservations area must-no exceptions. * the staff is courteous and friendly. *The pool and resort where well maintained and a beautiful beach. * San Jacinto reataurant at end of road immediately after resort that sells seafood empanadas and has live salsa music (Sunday Night) caters to locals. * TV has all new York Channels - go figure and NJ JetsBAD*There was a rainstorm that knocked out the television and the lone computer for internet access. * It's low season and the resort was 20-30% occupied- verified by front desk staff. * the town has few amenities except shacks on the way to resort which sell food and cater to locals.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>PittIndian
<Content>Awesome place, but beware Copamarina is a great resort, with its own lovely beach, and chairs just in the water so that you can just lie there under the hay shade forever, without looking at anything you don't want to. The resort is large and very well maintained and they have these cool trips to GIlligan's island nearby. If you are lucky, you might catch the kayak trip to the island...takes about 25 mins and some good exercise to get there. The island is very nice with its mangrove forests and zero population and streams going through it.Beware the outdoor restaurant. They have ridiculously loong waiting times, even if you are the only customer! We waited for an HOUR for just a sandwich!Otherwise, the resort is awesome, and the price of  $200 is also great.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>peggya111
<Content>Very nice overall... Our stay here was very nice overall. Here are some thoughts for your consideration:1.) We are scuba divers and came here specifically to dive. The operation is run by Sea Ventures and they were great. Tony and Pedro took excellent care of us.2.) The restaurants are not good. The open air daytime cafe is fair, but pricey. It is also dreadfully slow. The man restaurant (reservations only) is VERY EXPENSIVE with terrible service. The food is only fair and NOT worth $80 or more for two people (with no alcohol and the less expensive entrees.) Skip the all inclusive meal plan and spend your money in nearby Yauco for lunches and take one evening and go to Charlie's in Parguera (also known as The Wall or La Pareda). It is EXCELLENT.3.) Overall the room was very nice. We were here in the off season and did have to contend with some construction noise, but otherwise, we had a very pleasant stay.In conclusion we give Copamarina and the associated dive operation a big thumbs up, but the restaurants a big thumbs down. We do recommend it and would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>TLO211
<Content>Copa Marina - - More Than We Expected! My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon at Copa Marina and had to write about our experience! As we walked to the open air lobby to check in we were immediately greeted with warm smiles and friendliness. The staff at the Copa Marina go out of their way to make sure everything is to your liking and are a great resource if you want to go outside of the resort to other points of interest. The room (partial garden view) was absolutely immaculate and had a fabulous view of the garden and pool as well as the sea. If you go, we recommend sailing with Irving and scuba diving with Tony; both were amazing at making sure we had a good time! Our only complaint was that the food was on the expensive side. We had dinner at Alexandra's our first night and both had authentic Puerto Rican food. For the two of us, dinner was over $50 but worth it. If you're going to stay at the resort and don't plan on exploring what's outside of it, go all-inclusive. We are planning on going back next year and so are our friends and family. Thank you Copa Marina!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annajuliette
<Content>I heart Copamarina Mojiotos! All I can say is amazing! We booked the all inclusive package for 7 days and 6 nights and it was worth every penny. Not only is every meal drink and activity included in your purchase price, even tips are included. (Though our last day there we chose to tip our favorite servers, for making our trip so great.) Because of the time we went (late September) the resort was completely empty. There are pluses and minuses to this. On the good side, service was exceptional, our room was upgraded to an ocean view, and never having to wait for anything was amazing. On the bad side, there was a convention of local priests from all over Puerto Rico that were there that took over the bar every night with the druken anctics. (It was a little odd to see the Padres go wild.) I would highly reccomend this place to anyone that is looking to relax, catch up on reading, good conversation and wonderful mojitos! Do not expect crazy nightlife, though the classical guitar playing out on the patio every night is wonderful! I am planning to go back and hope that others will check it out.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dfpgreg
<Content>Amazing "The Best"       View from our room  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MLCTC
<Content>Nice resort in quiet location The Copamarina is a solid 3* resort. It offers plenty of space for enjoying a quiet, relaxing time or active amenities such as tennis, swimming, diving, snorkeling and a boat trip to Gilligan Island, a uninhabited picnic and snorkeling island.There is one upscale restaurant Alexandrias which is very good but not exceptional. The other restaurant offers beachside dining and on the weekends an all-inclusive program serving buffet style for breakfast and lunch. They will pack a picnic lunch for you if you are taking a day trip.Service is good, staff is very friendly and helpful. We had a problem opening our in-room safe and the maid took care of it immediately. The room was kept clean and cool. The resort has 2 pools, a hot tub and a wading pool for small children. This is a family resort with limited children's activities.There is a nice game room for the older children and teens andpeddle boats and ski-doos for an extra charge.There is a $15.00 per person beach towel fee which is refunded when you return the towels.The spa was clean and offered typical spa services of massages, facials, and various therapies. There is also a small exercise room with flat screen T.V., weight machine, bikes, eliptical, etc.They have conference rooms and a 3 bedroom private villa.The beach at the resort is kept clean and raked and there are huts, umbrellas and canopied day beds.They also have an on-site dive shop and mini-general store.All rooms have either balconies or patios, cable T.V., 3 phones, in-room safe and unstocked mini-fridge.We were there in late September for 4 days and it was very quiet, with the majority of guests being local Puerto Ricans.I would highly recommend the sunset snorkel trip from La Parquera with the Paradise Scuba and Snorkeling Center to the remote islands, dinner with the owner and an evening snorkel in the Phosphorescent Bay with the dinoflagelites, or a day trip to the Guanica Dry Forest which gets less than 15 inches of rain a year.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>priyankakedia
<Content>Amazing We visted there for Labor day weekend. Amazing property, great service. Loved everything there. Don't miss going to Giligans island....very good island and very different ..from any other beach islands I have been. Do visit this island....Booth restaurants have good food, and great service.Would love to go back there.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mocha123
<Content>Paradise in Puerto Rico The minute we stepped into the open air lobby, we felt relaxed. We were traveling with a teenage son. We all loved it.The drive from San Juan Airport was not as bad as I thought from other comments. We didn't want to be driving on unfamiliar roads for 3 hours, so we arranged a vacation package with transfers included. Our driver knew the roads well and it took us only 2 hours. The roads were wonderful - large grassy dividers and the most spectacular mountain scenery.The hotel grounds were lush with palm trees, flowers, cacti and succulents. The pictures on the website do not do it justice. My compliments to the landscapers.Our room was not large, but bright and cheerful. Our patio had a ceiling fan with high hedges on each side for a little privacy. Overall, our room was clean, but some attention needs to be given to the baseboards in the bathroom. The bathroom was a nice size with a long counter, but needed brighter lights. These are the only negatives for my entire stay. The shower was wonderful and there was always plenty of hot water. When everything else was so beautiful, I could live with the lighting in the bath. The rooms also had neat shutters which had glass behind them, so you could open the shutters, but not worry about bugs coming in. We did the all inclusive. We were expecting a mediocre restaurant after reading some other reviews, but we loved the food. The breakfasts and lunches were great. Eating these meals outside was pleasant. The made to order omelets were delicious. The chef also made Belgian waffles on request.We looked forward to the dinners. We dressed up a bit and opted for the air-conditioned dining room each night, as we had already been outside all day and we loved the dining room. The staff in the dining room were top notch. They could not have been nicer. Maybe they corrected the problem other reviewers had with dried out food. We ordered our steaks and lamp chops medium rare and they were perfect. The white asparagus with Spanish cheese and ham as an appetizer was delicious. They flavored their little pats of butters with a fruit, I believe it was guava. They were yummy. We had asparagus as a side dish several nights and it was never canned. It was cooked to perfection, with a slight crunch. Don't leave without trying the mango sorbet -- it is to die for! The chocolate sin was also fabulous. We thought this was a fine restaurant. If there was ever a problem, the staff would bend over backwards to remedy it. One waitress even brought out the bag of the type of coffee they used, as I had inquired. I still miss the after dinner Puerto Rican coffees. I enjoyed the house wines, but I don't pretend to be a wine expert. We stayed elsewhere in Puerto Rico after the Copamarina, and I have to say that the Copa's pina coladas were the absolute best. They also made a specialty drink with coconut milk, chocolate and cinnamon that is very good.The beach was great for relaxing. You could pull chaise lounges into the ocean. We wanted to rent a motor boat, but just ran out of time, as we had one day of rain.Gilligan's Island was a lot of fun. We took the ferry. The dive shop employee told us it would take us 20 minutes to kayak there with a group he was taking out. I had seen a woman on the food network (or travel channel) who kayaked to the island and she looked really winded. You are rowing against the current in one direction, so unless you've had some experience, or are in top physical condition, take the ferry. It is further than you think.Gilligan's Island is a mangrove island which has a natural lazy river running through it. I recommend renting fins at the hotel's dive shop to help you swim against the current. You swim all the way to the end, which can take 25 minutes, and then the current carries you back in about 2 minutes. This is the best lazy river you can find. You can also see small colorful fish and tiny crabs on and below the mangrove roots, so take masks. It is not, however, a major snorkeling type area.Security was excellent at the hotel. There were always guards about and they seemed to take their work seriously. The staff was terrific. Everyone was friendly. We had one small glitch where we believe the hotel received incorrect information from the tour company about our transfers. We didn't find out until the night before we were leaving. They had us leaving really early, thinking we had a flight and we did not . We were merely leaving for the Hotel El Convento in Old San Juan and didn't want to leave the Copamarina that early. We did not think they could remedy this situation this late at night, but they did! So we had the entire next morning to enjoy our last breakfast outdoors and take a few more pictures.I want to tell the manager that this is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at and I hope to return.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ivanuyo
<Content>Relaxing We stayed at Copamarina in July for three days. Rooms are nice and clean. Pools are nice and opened 24 hours. I enjoyed most the gardens around the hotel with tropical fruits, the exotic palms and the food at the restaurant (make sure you try the whole red snapper) It is a great place to relax and forget. Special thanks to Jose Gomez and Carlos (Palmas Cafe) for their service and wonderful rum mojitos. We will return.Ivan Martinez.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>egf1960
<Content>Fabulous Resort - Way Better Than Expected       One of the two main pools  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monicacaguas
<Content>Excellent service . The resort is located far from the crowds. Is beautifully beachfront located. You can take a ride to a near Island in where all the beauty of nature is exposed. The resort is not a choice for nightlife,no discotheque,no noise. It is quiet ,is peace is , a stress buster. But most important the service is so good that I rated it EXCELLENT. The food and drinks are simply excellent. Is a good choice for romantic couples or for families with small children.I want to visit it again and again.I loved it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Odin1965
<Content>Best Resort in Puerto Rico HelloMy family and I spen the 4 of July weekend here and beign a local I felt the need to recognize a gem.Copamarina is located about 1 hour drive from Ponce the grounds are well kept, the room was good an very clean , and the ammenities were excelent, but what sets this resort apart from the rest (Conquistador, etc) is the staff.Everyboby treted us like guest-friends, and they did this with all guests, I did not choose the all inclusive but I think is a very good deal if your dont have a car and plan to stay on the hotel grounds , because there is nothing close to the resort.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tampa_traveler63
<Content>Great, low-key All-inclusive secret gem!       Garden View Room  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dansladen
<Content>Good hotel but not cheap! Spent 3-days with the family at the Copa Marina hotel and I have to say that overall it is a very good place to stay. Beware that this is not a cheap hotel. We paid over $50.00 for breakfast for two adults and twwo children. This is a great place for families with kids. There are lots of activities and the area is very quiet. This is not a hotel for people looking for night life. Overall, I would go back but there are a lot more hotels in PR that we want to try before coming back.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice - but be aware Currently in our last day at the resort - we cut it short by a day to stay in San Juan near the airport. Booked it thru Expedia (never again). Copamarina ia a pretty resort with a pleasant staff who were attentive. The service pace is slow - same as everywhere down here.General - The ride in is not a good start - past refineries and a fertilizer plant, down a dangerous 1-1/2 lane road along the coast line, against heavy traffic from the neighboring fenced-in muni-beach. We were pretty wound up before we got to the door. Layout is strange - front desk and bar/restaurant at one end, all of the rooms at the other. Grounds and pools are attractive and well-maintained. Rooms - Just OK - tile floors, but cramped with 2 doubles. Got the Superior room - waste of money-actually furthest from the beach and the desk. Bathroom is a little oversized, but needs some storage for toiletries, etc. Metal doors aren't real attractive, but are freshly painted. TV was out when we arrived - had to call service right away and they responded. Food - One restaurant for b-fast and lunch. Eating outdoors was enjoyable. When that closed at 6, the fancy dinner restaurant opened - but that was all. From 6PM on, no other food (except chips) was available. B-fast was basic, but good. For lunch, had the worst club sandwich ever. Dinner was very good but long. (1-1/2 hrs with no drinks.). No bar with TV - sat in machines in the workout room to see their nice wide screen, but that was locked at 7:00.Services - Wi-Fi internet is available, but we had to sit on the floor near the door to get a good signal. Their hi-speed Internet access itself was down half the time and running on a bad 24K backup telephone line for the whole place. Cell phone service is erratic. Machine wash laundry available - no laundry service. Bell service very liimited. Refrig. in room.Activities - Pools and spas were adequate. Golf 1 hr. away is good enough. Other activities were limited. Scuba, snorkeling and a short excursion to Gilligan's island were available, but some fishing, motorized water sports, diinner cruise or just a boat ride would have been nice. Non-motorized offerings were a little lame. Good tennis courts. BEST FEATURE and high point of trip was hiking in Guanica Dry Forest - just at the end of the road. Our trail went along the rugged coastline and rivals any scenerySummary - I see truths in most of the reviews that I read - good or bad. I can recommend Copamarina - but only as a quiet getaway. Stock up at a local market and hunker down for your stay. But if you like to set up a wide range of things to do - it's just too far from any action (day or nite) to be a good choice.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Paradise...       Copamarina from the beach  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shawnh100
<Content>Great Place to Unwind We spent the first week of March at the Copamarina. After dragging 4 kids (10-17) from Vermont to Boston, spending the night in Boston, flying from Boston to San Juan, picking up the rental van, and driving a couple more hours in an unfamiliar place, the Copamarina was quite a sight for sore eyes! Driving into the resort and checking in at the beautiful outdoor lobby, I knew I had made a great choice. We stayed at the Copamarina through our vacation club, so I didn't have to foot the bill for our rooms. Trying to be economical, I had decided not to do the all-inclusive. But after the short, but winding drive to the resort, I changed my mind at the check-in, and bought the all-inclusive for all six of us on the spot. If you have a family, do yourself a favor and splurge on the all-inclusive. It was so nice not to worry about food or drinks...and the kids love getting all those frozen virgin cocktails any time they please. We really enjoyed the daytime staff, especially Ramon (if you see him, ask him for his special drink, it was delicious). If it was busy, they were on over-drive, but when they weren't too busy, they were happy to answer any questions you might have about the area. Many visitors to Puerto Rico never make it out of San Juan, which is really a shame, as the area surrounding the Copa is absolutely beautiful. All the local Puerto Ricans we encountered at the Airport smiled knowingly and told us how beautiful the area would be, and they were right! There are plenty of activities to keep you busy without ever going to town: tennis, kayaking, hiking the Dry Reserve and exploring the cave, visiting other beaches, and going to Gilligan's Island. There was a really nice public beach next to the resort with fabulous facilities, including basketball courts. If you get the all-inclusive, you can check out tennis equipment, the kayaks, beach towels, all sorts of good stuff. Due to the special climate of the Dry Reserve, it rarely rains at the Copa, even when it's raining all over the rest of the island. My family really enjoyed the evening meal together; it was fun to get a little dressed up and take our time enjoying the food. We especially liked sitting out on the patio. The food and service were usually excellent, however, we did notice that when the resort got busier, the quality of both took a little bit of a nose-dive. On the weekends, the resort gets quite busy, as many Puerto Ricans like to come with their families and enjoy the resort. I've found that when locals like to stay at the resort, it means that you're really getting your money's worth, as they are the experts! While you can get all-inclusive at the resort, it doesn't have that impersonal, cookie-cutter feel to it. By the end of the week, it seemed the entire staff knew my family's preferences and routines. While families are certainly welcome there, rude children don't over-run the place; there were couples and singles of all ages that seemed to love it there.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED it!! Know yourself before you choose to stay here. If you're bored easily by quiet places, or if you require impeccable grounds, four-star dining, and at-your-feet service, go somewhere else! (and don't complain on this site!) The Copamarina is laid-back, but an absolute joy.My boyfriend and I spent four days at the Copamarina, and it was heaven. We are young, but not terribly interested in nightlife -- we're happier to enjoy each other's company in a quiet place. This is the perfect spot for it. We flew in to San Juan from Boston, rented a car and drove to Guanica. The drive was not difficult, but we did run into bad traffic both ways, causing the trip to be around 3 hours -- so be wary of their claim that it's 90 minutes to SJ. It was wonderful to see the PR countryside. After we got there, we only used the car to drive to the entrance of the Guanica Dry Forest.I think the hotel was at or near capacity when we were there, but it never once felt crowded. I was amazed.I grew up in NC and had never been anywhere remotely Carribbean, so when people said the beach was bad I was expecting some kind of dirty black mud. Hardly! It's white sand and clear water. Not much to see in the water, but who cares? Certainly nothing worth complaining about.We had a 2nd-floor gardenview room, which had a nice balcony with a view out over the second (curvier) pool -- nice to sit and read there in the afternoon. It was lovely. I felt no desire to upgrade to an oceanview. We were hardly ever in our room anyway!We did the all-inclusive package based on other reviews on this site, and were happy we did. We enjoyed not having to worry about paying for drinks or finding lunch and dinner. A-i includes all drinks except bottles of wine, for those who are interested -- not to sound like a lush, but hey, these things matter! The restaurant is overpriced and less than stellar. I started to get tired of it after a couple of days. I had one meal that was nearly inedible (rubbery scallops -- a bad choice, in hindsight), but I also had the lamb chops which were really good. The house wine is not so good. I certainly wouldn't be pleased if I were paying full-price for my dinners. Try to get a reservation for a table outside -- it's much more pleasant than sitting inside.My favorite part of the trip was eating breakfast in the open-air cafe every morning. It was sunny and warm and beautiful, and the food was good. It was just the best possible way to start your day. The bacon was perfectly-cooked and plentiful :).The cafe is just a bar at night (no apps available, which would have been nice). It was usually nearly deserted. Sometimes they have live music, which is nice -- but sit far away from it as they turn the speakers up pretty loud so the diners on the restaurant's patio can hear it too.If you have any interest in nature whatsoever, do go to the Guanica Dry forest. There are lots of interesting birds to see early in the morning, and lizards as well. You can get a trail map from the hotel. Be sure to bring water and something to snack on, as it's quite hot when the sun comes up, and the ranger station has no food or drink for sale.Also, if you get the all-inclusive it includes the use of their Hobie Cats, which is a lot of fun. They also have kayaks. We didn't get to go on a snorkeling trip, but I would have liked to.If anyone has questions I would be happy to answer as best I can. I tried emailing the hotel with questions before I went, and I got no response.We will definitely be returning!!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mayla
<Content>Delightful Place Just returned from a week at Copamarina and can highly recommend it. It is a great family-oriented resort. There is no night life, gambling or shopping. It is located in a very undeveloped section of southwestern Puerto Rico and is peacefully quiet and tranquil. We were told the hotel was full throughout our stay, but it never felt crowded. There are two large pools and two baby pools. The beach is less than ideal because the water is shallow and grassy, but there is a better swimming beach adjacent to the property at a public beach park called Cana Gorda. The restaurant choices are severely limited, but we had a rental car so didn't mind venturing out to explore the nearby towns to find dinner. The room was spacious, pretty and clean. We availed ourselves of the kayaks, hobie cats and paddle boats. We also asked the water sports manager to arrange a jet ski rental one day. That was very fun because there is almost zero boat traffic and very smooth water, making it perfect jet ski conditions. Copamarina is a great destination is you're looking to relax and unwind.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice place to recharge the batteries my wife and I spent five days at the Copamarina resort. It fulfilled all of our expectations for a much needed relaxing vacation. The staff were extremenly courteous, solicitous, but happy to be uninvolved if not needed. I liked the fact that we were not hustled in any way for drinks, food, or recreation services. It was all there, but at our initiative. This is different than other places we have been.I enjoyed the other guests, and thought of it as a nice family place. The fact that there is no casino, or organized nightlife attracts a quieter crowd. Depending on your desires, this could be either a benefit or deficit.the rooms could use an upgrade particularly the entrance doors-looks much worse from the outside than it is. As I walked to the room, I expected by the appearance to be disappointed, but was not upon actual entry and use of the room. The shower was great!The beach is a quiet bay beach and if you are interested in waves and surfing this is not the place. I loved the beach for the gentle drop-off , which allowed me to walk a nice distance from the shore.We had a great time,and would like to return again  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sarahlg33
<Content>Wonderful Secret! My husband and I stayed at the hotel during our honeymoon in January and loved it. When we were there it seemed that only 1/3 of the hotel was full - we had great access to beach chairs and the wonderful raised beds with shades on the beach! I will caution that the excellent onsite dinner restaurant is not worth it. It was expensive and we had other meals elsewhere that were much better and half the price. The poolside lunch restaurant is also over priced, but was decent. I will also caution that they do not accept travelers checks. We went up the road to another little town where the grocery store gladly cashed them, but... Our room was great, we paid for a garden view, yet could still completely see the ocean from our room with a balcony. We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and wheelchair accessible My wife and I just returned from Copamarina and it was a relaxing and beautiful resort with friendly staff. I recommend the breakfast package unless you want to eat at McDonalds or Burger King every day. We ate dinner at various locations within 30 minutes of resort and felt like we saved money and were freer to travel around. For wheelchair users, our room had a roll in shower but the space between the bed and dresser was narrow maybe 32 inches at best. You might want to ask for a measurement if you have a wide chair. Everything else was accessible and paved. The trip to Gilligan鈥檚 Island was worth the trip. The boat people lifted my chair into the boat and at the island it was only about 4 or 5 yards to the water. With some assistance, you can enjoy the shallow waters and snorkel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HDA
<Content>Relaxing resort Agree with most of the reviews. A very relaxing resort. Beautiful area, good restaurants, nice, helpful staff. Not glitzy but if you want to relax, snorkel, enjoy, this is an excellent choice.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frunypie
<Content>Loved Copamarina I just returned from Copamarina where I stayed for nine days with my husband and two year old child. To echo previous reviews, the beach at the resort is grassy and yes it's shallow, but it was perfect for my daughter and I didn't have to worry about waves or currents. For those who like to swim, the resort has two pools that were great and very clean. The place was not crowded and is well laid out; even on nights when they were completely booked, it didn't seem crowded. The resort is very low key; the grounds are beautiful. It's true- if you're looking for nightlife, this is not the place for you. It's remote and quiet. The rooms were clean and comfortable; not luxe but spacious and well decorated. I only ate breakfast at the restaurant- which was great- but can't comment on dinners. In general, if you are looking for a five-star dining experience, I don't think this part of the island is for you; you will be better off in San Juan. Overall, it was a great place for a vacation and I would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cambridgesoa
<Content>Nice place, but service issues.. My husband and I enjoyed our time at Copamarina, but I can say that it is unlikely that we will be returning. The main gripe I have was with the service. Some of the staff was excellent and as courteous as could be (in particular Jonathan who was mentioned in another review and Lizbeth in the dive shop) but others were clearly not making any effort. I have to wonder if this is because many of the patrons of the hotel opt for the all-inclusive option and the staff assumes they have nothing to gain by providing outstanding service? Had it not been for the service issues we encountered, I would likely have given the resort an above average rating. The grounds are well kept, the rooms are decent, the food above average, and there are a number of things to do during the day. Overall it was a nice place to spend a week, but there is definitely room for improvement.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Copamarina - A Special Place       CopamarinaTri  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mid tier resort aspires to improve I had stayed at Copamarina over ten years ago and was apprehensive about visiting again. My fears were allayed, as the resort has improved tremendously. If you are looking for a low-key resort with minimal distractions, Copamarina is a promising choice. The hotel restaurant Alexandra was above average, but in particular we had a waiter named Jonathan who was excellent - very attentive and professional.There are still glimpses of sub-par service (the insolent dinner hostess, the less than perfect cleanliness of the bathroom, the lethargic reception desk staff), but overall my husband and I were pleased with Copamarina. That being said, we do not plan to return.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mexicanmulatto
<Content>Best Resort Ever! Wonderful resort. Has an ambience of tranquility that is unmatched. Very nice rooms and friendly helpful staff. The General Manager, Mr. Jose Padin, will do everything to make your stay a great experience.I plan to return at least twice a year.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BeckyandMike
<Content>Lots of fun!!! We had a great time at the Copamarina! We landed in San Juan and drove to the resort that evening. It is a longer drive fron San Juan than you think it will be because of all the traffic getting out of San Juan, so plan accordingly. Once at the resort, though, we couldn't have been happier. The staff was very accommodating. One morning we had a flat tire, and a young man offered to put the spare on for us, then directed us to a shop just down the road to get it fixed. What could have turned into a big problem somewhere else was just a minor inconvenience for us. We never swam at the Copamarina's beach; it looked a little grassy. But we took the boat to Gilligan's island and had a wonderful time. You have to do this! Definitely bring snorkel gear. The grounds are perfectly maintained, the food and service is great, the rooms are not fancy but are perfectly nice and very clean. We would return! (Incidentally, the second half of our stay we spent at the Villa Montana in Isabela. It was HORRIBLE!!! Don't stay at the Villa Montana--stay at the Copamarina!!!)  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baskin
<Content>Five days at Copamarina We stayed for 5 days at Copamarina in February and I should like to only respond to some issues raised by other reviews. First this is not a luxury hotel with swim up bars but a very comfortable, quiet, and friendly resort. We stayed in a superior ocean front room, which is not nearer the water than some others, but is in a one story building in which there are no connecting doors between rooms. We thus did not hear any activities in the adjacent rooms. The facilities and grounds are very beautiful and clean and we found that everyone was friendly and willing to help. Dinner at the restaurant is excellent with very good service. (Try the fried whole Snapper and one of the Asopaos) The prices are similar to those in Boston. The only exception to peace was one evening when a small business meeting produced throbbing very loud music. Some suggestions relative to excursions that we, and I suspect others, take are the following. LA Montserrate, a restaurant on the south side of Rt. 2 5 miles outside Ponce; excellent seafood on a porch suspended over the ocean: LA Pared Restaurnant in the Posada Porlamar in La Paarguera-excellent inovative and expensive food in a lovely setting; finally try, if possible to get to the Buena Vista Coffee plantation tour on route 123 north of Ponce-English tour at 1:30-need reservations  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rata
<Content>enjoyed our second stay as much as first My husband and I just returned from our second trip to Copamarina. It's one of the most relaxing places we've ever been to. The grounds are lovely-beautiful palm trees along the ocean. I love the fact the you could see the water from practically everywhere.Never feels crowded.It's very low key and g friendly. Always plenty of places to sit along the beach-either sun or shade. STretch out on a lounge under the covering in the water. The weather was perfect-perfect temperature and very dry, a nice breeze. It looked like a great place to come with young children. My husband was very happy with the dive staff and experience and enjoyed taking the small sail boat out every day-included in the all inclusive. I had a great massage in the spa. We enjoy good food and were very happy with the restuarant-loved sitting outside every evening having a leisurely meal on the patio with the guitarist playing. We always found plenty of selection, especially with the 2 specials every night. The staff in the restaurants were very friendly  worked very hard. Service is slow and relaxing-we enjoy not hurrying thru a meal-we do enough of that iin our everyday life. The all inclusive is definately the way to go. This is absolutely NOT the place to come if you want ritz and glitz, lots of nonstop activity, fancy shopping, poolside service. The last place we went to on one of the other islands was supposed to be one of the top-lots of fancy landscaping, lots going on-very impersonal, had walk to the beach and water-you weren't sure it was there, indifferent buffet dining that made me feel like we were a bunch of cattle. We were very happy to find the Copamarina. Also enjoy exploring the area-liked Ponce, the Tibes Indian Center, and other sites. Though we found that we almost hated to leave the resort.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place for a Quiet Vacation! My wife and I spent 5 days at this resort earlier this month.Having read the Feb. 17 review by the New Yorkers, I have to wonder if we were at the same resort. For starters, we did not find any of the conditions listed as really bad points or bad points in their review, except that there was no bell hop and no beach side service. BFD!! Our room faced west so we saw a beautiful sunset from our balcony every day. The room had shutters so it was dark-WITH THE SHUTTERS CLOSED- but was light and airy when they were open. The beds (and pillows) were comfortable, and the bathroom was very clean. I belong to two swim clubs and know a clean pool from a dirty pool. I found the pool decks clean and the water gin clear.We ate at the restaurants for five days, and thought the food was excellent, but got a little bored because the printed dinner menu did not change for the five days. We would not recommend this resort for divers as the morning two tank dive left at 7:30am and the afternoon dive only goes down to 20 feet. Also we were told that there wasn't much to see on the reef. So we spent most of our time lounging by the pools, walking the beaches, sailing the Hobies, and ... well, you know.The staff was uniformly friendly and helpful, and fun to get to know.Long story short... we love the Copamarina and would go back again if we wanted a restful, quiet vacation on a secluded part of Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beach_love79
<Content>Barefoot Elegance       Some Water Activities  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Bad We Left! Let me qualify the terrible with if you are used to luxury hotels you will NOT like it.Really Bad Points:NO BELLHOPPRACTICALLY INEDIBLE FOODHARD BED WITH LUMPY PILLOWS AND CHINTZY BLANKETSNO ROOM SERVICEODOR IN AND OUTSIDE ROOMS, EITHER SEWER OR SULPHUR WATERUGLY DOORS IN ROOMS (they look like a door to a janitor closet, not exactly conducive to feeling like your on vacation)SMELL AND FEEL OF MILDEW IN ROOMSBad Points:leaky showerold, ugly bathrooms with flourescent lightsunprofessional staffNo poolside or beachside servicegrounds are kind of sloppyservice is slowdark, kind of depressing roomsour room was very far from lobby and forget about anyone actually offering to bring something to your room, you have to ask yourself, and let me tell you, they will make you WAIT for whatever it is (no such thing as right away, miss here!pools are old and not that clean, stains and spills are everywhereseaweed in beach waterGood Points:beauiful view of oceanwarm watercasual, friendly atmoshphereusually friendly staffa few notes:we arrived at around 9PM for check-in.....nobody was there to greet our car, we waited 30 minutes for them to check us in (while I was holding the baby in my arms) and then we actually had to request help with our bags!the food----I think I could have put up with everything else because it was very serene there, but I was afraid I would end up 10 pounds heavier, with greasy pimples and constipated if we stayed....we're talking major greasola here, their idea of a salad is literally--iceberg lettuce with unripe tomatoes and a few raw onions (dressing on the side of course)....and you're thinking right about now, oh, but the fruit, at least the fruit must have been good.....think again....sour pineapple, whitish watermelon, wilted papaya, scrawny grapes one lonely strawberry that was half-white!no such thing as organic greens or anything that even pretends to be healthy here.and the dirty floors in the outdoor restaurant really take away the apetite too.we left early, they penalized us with one night! never would I go there again and if you have any sort of high standards for cleanliness and fine cuisine you will be wasting your time and money on this place!!too bad because it's a beautiful spot with lots of potential.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Stonescapes
<Content>Wish we could stay much longer!!!!! This is a long review so be prepared. My husband and I stayed one week Feb 4-11 at this lovely spot on the map and came home to a snow storm in New York. I was concerned that we might not be able to go on our scheduled trip due to an unscheduled multiple heart stent proceedure performed on my husband 2 weeks prior. I emailed this concern to the management and before we even arrived Mr.Jose Padin called us to assure us that there was more than adequate health care facilities which he would personally take us to if we had a need. So off we went. To begin with I have many reference points to refer to as I have stayed at many places on the Islands as well as Hawaii. My standards are high and I can assure anyone that this resort is one which is clean and where the people are not intrusive- they care about your comfort, smile, and serve more than most 5 star hotels . We had the mandatory all inclusive plan as we are RCI members. We usually research where we are going to go well in advance. But this pearl of an opportunity came up only one month earlier and we continued to be pleasantly surprised at what we experienced from the moment we were met at the desk by the friendly staff and shown to our room. The room was a little dark due to the shutters, but more than basic in style and all one would need to be comfortable- The bed could have been a little softer but who wants to stay in bed for long anyway while on vacation?? I read the reviews beforehand so we were prepared for a non-typical beach, however typical is not how one would describe the Copamarina! And they make the most with what beach they have. The shoreline is such that sea grass grows, and there is silt from run-off from the beautiful mountains and that is a charachteristic of nature not something the resort can do much about. They keep the grass cleaned up from the sand, have a long dock to walk on or swim from. In addition the cabanas and 4 poster beds on the shore are a lovely touch and oh so nice to lay on after dinner to look at the stars which appear so close or watch a sunset and feel like royalty! There are many water activities at the resort and the $6.00 per. person trip to Gilligans island ended up being magical for us as we snorkled and discovered the newfound strength it took to swim upstream to the ocean and let the current sail us back to the lagoon. One can stay there until 5pm when the last ferry comes. You feel like there are only a few people there even though there are more than a hundred..We went back twice it was so nice and the resort will pack lunch if you ask.. The surrounding beaches on the preserve more than make up for any lacks of a beach at the resort so rent a car to explore this gorgeous picturesque shore line, and do walk the trails. I can still feel the waves at my shins while my feet sink into the sand.. Reuben at the surf shop went out of his way to take us to the cave in the dry forest as it rained on the scheduled day and we were going to leave the next day. He pointed out and remarked about the plant life along the trail on they way there and was so careful of everone's safety as it is a wild cave with no path. He was so friendly and seemed to love his job at the resort. Our stay was all very relaxing and easy to access services as the staff were eager to help.The pools were not crowded and the spa was nice and hot. As pointed out in some reviews, the food at the Alexandra restaurant was not 5 star but was very good, the portions were generous and yes they could expand on the menu for those who stay more than a few days.But it really was all fine for us.Breakfasts and lunches were very good as well with all the variety one could want. The resort grounds were well kept and lovely, and there are many paths to walk. The resort is smack in the middle of a spectacular dry forest and is active in doing their part to concerve,recycle and respect the environment and nature. It is true that even when the resort has many guests one does not feel it. You will find that there are not many people walking around though the place is full! The resort will provide maps if you ask so you can find points of interest to explore.  Commenting on venturing out to see some other parts of the island- We also drove and hiked to the lighthouse at Cabo Rojo and took in breath taking views of the ocean cliffs. While Driving through the towns along the coast one will be struck by the amount of litter the residents leave on the streets of this beautiful island. There are pleanty of garbage bins around, however they don't seem to use them. We also noticed that the local fishermen leave their beer cans as well as assorted nets etc on the shore. We retreaved many clumps of fishing line left on the sea cliffs and even saved a sea turtle from being tangled in it. I am sure if the locals were educated about what effect litter has on the environment and fined if they do it, then maybe it would lessen the amount of bottles, tops etc. left around. I know this goes on in all states, but it is really noticable among such beauty of Puerto Rico as it is such a contrast. It is a sad reminder that our planet is being smothered by plastics and the many conveniences of our modern society. Also there are many roaming dogs on the island. I wish some vets would volunteer their time and spay a few dozen once a month in all the towns until the problem is under control.I don't think we will see any TV shows on Animal control in Puerto Rico anytime soon. It was hard to see the bones of the skinny ones and the tired looking nursing females that roamed in small packs. Perhaps that is why there is not alot of visible wildlife, as the dogs kill and eat what they can find in the forest and on the island. There were also quite a few thin horses left to graze where they can in some towns. Those things were the only sad part of our trip which had nothing to do with the resort.  On a brighter note we also visited the art museaum in Ponce and viewed their magnificent collection of art, but there was not enough time to see much else and there is much to see in Ponce! We also wanted to visit the caves at Camuy Park, and the National forest but could'nt. So much to see so little time, so we will just have to come back! The magestic mountains and valleys on the 100 mile trip back to the airport was truely a visual treat and put more icing on the cake! As for us we would love to return to the Copa Marina it was a trip we will always remember with a smile, no- with many smiles as it is a unique, special place. I wish we were still there and yes we would love to return.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NikiC
<Content>The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly! My husband and I are still here and this is our last day of four. I will start by saying I would have rated it 31/2 if that was an option. Here it goes:The Good: People could not be nicer, more helpful or harder working. So management...compliments to your staff. Good size rooms, clean with pleasant view and good housekeeping. Grounds are pleasant and clean. Restaurants are limited but the service is great. Breakfast and lunch is certainly all you could you want. Dinner in the Alexandra Restaurant is relaxing with nice back round music from a live guitarist. The pools are refreshing, clean and never crowded. The beach is certainly not one of the best but again you can swim out or use their water sports if you choose. The BEST Margaritas! Very quiet and comfortable no one intrudes on your space. You can be very casual no matter where you go on the property.The Bad: Very tired and in need of updating. The rooms are good size but very dark because of the shutters no light gets in. The shower takes for ever to drain, bathroom is small,the amenities are average(that is all related to price). Grounds could be exceptional if they added some color and maintained it better. If you are only going to have one restaurant open for dinner, change the menu. Food is average. Staff not trained right....no reason to wait for drinks from your server while three other's are standing around. The Ugly: There is none. If you are looking for a happening spot with exciting night life, great restaurants and non stop activities...this is not the place for you. Go to San Juan.TIP: The All-Inclusive option is very good. It includes taxes, resort fees, etc.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cal_travel_er066
<Content>Very Relaxing, Great Place The good:lots of activities: tennis courts, beach stuff, (we rented kayaks to go to Gilligan's island-- a nearby deserted mangrove place) pools, hot tubs.the room was quiet, and relatively clean. The bed was ok, but not super comfortable. the room was very spacious. food-- great, and abundant. drinks-- awesome, and flowing non stop. service-- great, the bartenders and waiters are super nice, friendly, really great.someone working at the desk screwed up our bill for the all-inclusive package, but the hotel's manager, Jose, was extremely helpful in resolving the situation.It is great for families or couples who want a quiet, relaxing place to chill and do some activities if you want, or chill by the pool or beach all day.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marketom
<Content>Nice but not perfect Copamarina was a nice resort but not perfect. What we liked: It is located in a secluded dry tropical forest area on a beautiful area of the coast. The grounds were pretty and child-friendly with a wading pool and a playground. It is a nice low-key resort (which is what we were looking for). And we really enjoyed our visits to the village of Guanica, which in our experience was full of friendly people.What could have been better: most of the staff was unusually unfriendly. When we arrived, we were greeted by a very crabby girl at the front desk who looked very annoyed that we had arrived. For our three days there, we did not have one friendly experience at the front desk, even when just asking a simple question. Most of the bartenders were equally unpleasant. During our stay, the only friendly staff was one waitress and housekeeping. The highly acclaimed restaurant, while good, seemed less professional than we would expect for the prices. For one of the finest restaurants in Puerto Rico, we were surprised to find what appeared to be canned asparagus (certainly not fresh) in our food. We had a waitress who was nice but was unable to give us a single recommendation from the wine list to pair with our meal. The restaurant was pretty good, but in light of the prices and acclaim we thought it would be a more refined experience.But overall I have to say that we had a nice time at Copamarina and enjoyed our stay at the resort and in the area -- and it certainly was a nice break from the bustle and noise of San Juan.Tom S.Chicago, IL  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>allmotorchick
<Content>Bette Places in Puerto Rico Over priced. Things I likedGreat large clean rooms. Pool is large but only 3 feet deep all around, which is great for kids.Gilligan's Island is a boat ride away.Water rentals on beachFood is excellent.Guanica is beatuiful. Things I dislikedFar drive from San Juan about 2 1/2 hours.The service was just ok.The beach shouldn't even be called a beach. It's full of seaweed and you can't swim in it, very shallow. The public beach next to it is nice, they charge $2. There are also many nice beaches in the Guanica Dry Forest but the waves are dangerous. Parking was tight. Not too much to do in the area.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Getaway - but have a car My husband and I stayed at the Copamarina Beach Resort from December 19th through the 24th. If you like city life, having multiple choices of restaurants and other recreational activities at your disposal, this is not the place for you. We went right before Christmas and it was fairly quiet. We paid about $170 per night, which was on the border of our budget, but worth the money. The weather was fantastic - in the 80s each day and sunny. While the resort has all of the amenities, unless you like to sit and lounge around all day doing absolutely nothing, you will be bored. We recommend going kayaking out to Gilligan's Island. If you rent the kayak from the resort, it will cost you $20/hour. If you go to the Gilligan's Island ferry dock, which is literally within a 10 minute walking distance, it will cost you $10/hour. The Caribbean is calm, shallow and warm here so kayaking is a pleasure. The room we had was very clean and on the first level with a garden view. We much preferred this room to one with a beach view, not only because it was priced a little less, but because there was much less traffic outside of the room. I agree with the other reviewers' assessments of the sound problem. You can hear everything and it's mainly because of the connecting door between rooms. The management should strongly consider replacing these doors with those that are more soundproof. The bathroom could have been cleaner, but I am a stickler about bathrooms - I check under toilet rims and look carefully at shower drains and shower heads. Management should pay more attention here.We thought the restaurant served wonderful food - particularly the fried red snapper. It is pricey and not something I would recommend doing every day. Don't get the package deal unless you plan to spend the entire day at the resort and drink lots of alcohol. It is a waste of money.The gym was perfectly fine for our needs. Unfortunately, I did not try the spa. Perhaps next time.Go to the Bosque Estatal de Guanica. It is truly for nature lovers and the climate and biome probably one of the most unique in the world. Drive into Ponce and spend an afternoon at the Ponce Art Museum, then eat at El Bohio, if you can find it.My husband and I came here without our children, but it is a great place for kids too. We saw many during our stay. Copamarina is a great resort if you want some peace and quiet, but bring a car. It is fun to explore and drive on the winding, hilly roads. We drove all over the southern and western parts of Puerto Rico during our stay and feel that we got a much better sense of the island and its culture.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dbosullivan
<Content>Don't know where these other reviewers stayed My girlfriend and I just returned from Copamarina- what a letdown. On previous trips to PR we stayed at the Rincon Beach Resort in Anasco, but we thought that we should try something different. So much for variety being the spice of life. The hotel is isolated, with absolutely nothing nearby. We were given a room literally a quarter mile from the front desk (and the only open bar). They had serious issues with their leach field/septic tank, and the odor was very offensive 24/7. The housekeeping service was the only staff that we were happy to deal with. Otherwise, poor service was the norm. If you stay here, expect nothing nearby in terms of amenities, deposits for beach towels, and a disappointing shoreline. If you're planning to go somewhere in Puerto Rico, make it Vieques or Rincon- don't bother with this place.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamakpk
<Content>lovely resort       view from the water  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trapped This is the first time I strongly disagree with other's review on trip advisor about a hotel. We found the Copamarina was not worth the money we paid. (about $850 for 3 nights) In spite of this and the fact that our room was prepaid we left the hotel a day early. I felt trapped on this property and was so relieved when we finally decided to leave in spite of losing money on the room we had paid for.  Yes the property was pretty but there was only one restaurant that served lunch and one that served dinner. The prices were very high. So if you have already decided to go to this property I would take the meal plan. One Restaurant was opened at a time, that is your only food option... unless you have a rental car and wanted to drive up the mountain on a winding road about 15 minutes to the Guanica waterfront where you'll find a place to eat and a couple of local bars. The road is narrow and the curves are sharp. The hotel has one bar, the same outside location where lunch and dinner is served.  There's no room service. The dive shop that hands out the beach towels opens at 9am. (yet the young lady in the dive shop was extremely nice!!) Our television had horrible reception. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 3:45pm.  The property and the rooms were clean. The Beach was nice. Personally I did not think the hotel was worth the price. It is so isolated I could have been on a beach in Florida. It depends on what you are looking for, but I wish I had this advice before I made my reservations.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jwsmd3
<Content>Just terrific ! My 5 night stay must have coincided with the traveller from Boston; their very comprehensive review says it all! I would agree completely and would add....The service in the Alexandra restaurant warrants huge praise. Someone has Ritz-Carlton training and has brought it to Guanica. Politeness, attentiveness and an unintrusive well-paced and leisurely efficiency were on tap nightly no matter how busy. The prices are steep but the all-inclusive (especially from Expedia) was a remarkable bargain (and includes room tax and resort fee to boot). The breakfast and lunch staff were also terrific.The front desk staff was also cooly professional and responsive to every request. A noisey A/C was replaced within an hour with a new and quiet unit !!!A deep tissue massage at the spa was satisfying. The small facility looks carefully planned but I was surprised there was no spontaneous invitation to partake of the steam room and outdoor shower, which I was offered once I inquired. The small gym is nicely equiped and has a 42 Panasonic plasma TV (though I don't think anything was transmitted in HDTV).Having been unimpressed by tepid hot tubs elsewhere the high temperature of the two on the grounds of this facility was wonderfully relaxing.While satellite trouble prevented the use the first night, the free WiFi was pretty fast once up and running.My only minor quibble....the door to the adjoinging room is not much of a sound barrier. It was easy to hear conversation, snorring and their TV. A couple of small towels stuffed the door under helped a bit, and the A/C drowned out the rest.And being an avid TripAdvisor user I must point out that few establishments seem to read and respond to comments. Copamarina apparently does. They care and it shows. Bravo!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Second Time is a Charm       Lovely days  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvzsun
<Content>The Perfect Do-Nothing Vacation My wife and I like 鈥渄o nothing鈥?vacations 鈥?we don鈥檛 want adventure or excitement, just a beach, some shade, plenty of tropical drinks, nearby bathrooms, and time to plow through a stack of paperback novels. Above all, we don鈥檛 want to think or make lots of decisions on vacation (we get enough of that at work).In January 2006 we had a wonderful 8-night stay at Copamarina, and plan to go back next year. We had the all-inclusive package, and felt it was a great value. We did rent a car in San Juan and drove down to Guanica, through once we got there we never left the resort. The drive from San Juan was pretty straightforward and about 2.5 hours in duration (with traffic). There are several toll roads so bring a roll of quarters (the exact change lines are far shorter than the cashier lines). The roads are standard U.S interstate type roads, and the only narrow, twisty part is the last 5 miles from Guanica to the resort (but still well-paved). Our Garden View room was very nice 鈥?the usual amenities and air conditioning. All the room balconies/patios face the ocean, so the difference is really how many palm trees and pools you want between you and the Caribbean. We didn鈥檛 feel like the Ocean View option was a major plus over the Garden View rooms (given how close the beach is). The palm trees and flowers and the entire grounds are well-maintained and beautiful.We were also very pleased with the friendliness of the staff, from the wait staff in restaurants and bar to the water sports staff and the grounds crew. Almost everyone speaks English. All our requests were met promptly and with a smile.Copamarina serves a breakfast buffet from 8-11am, which never varied but was pretty good for resort faire. They had an omelet station, plus scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, fried potatoes, fruit, pancakes, and French toast. We never got tired of it in eight days.Lunch is from 11am-6pm, and the menu is a mix of sandwiches, burgers, salads, and dinner-type entrees like steak, fish, and chicken, all served in their outdoor bar/caf茅. Overall, we were quite happy with the variety and quality of the food and the service 鈥?just enough variety for about a week. Many people got their food 鈥渢o go鈥?to either eat on the beach or their room or take it with them on a trip somewhere.Dinner was from 6-10:30pm or so, and was a white-table-cloth affair, though not necessarily that formal 鈥?people were in everything from dresses to t-shirts and shorts. They had a nice selection of appetizers and about 12 entr茅e items, plus a daily fish or meat special. We tried just about everything on the menu, and the variety was also just about right for a week鈥檚 stay. You had the choice of eating inside or outside, and outside they had an acoustic guitar player providing music nightly.We spent most of our time sitting in beach chairs reading books, and overall were very happy with the general layout. Southern-facing beaches often have little shade, but the Copamarina had enough palm trees, umbrellas, and thatched canopies so that we had no trouble staying out of the sun. They probably have about 40 beach chairs, and we only saw about 1/3 of them in use at any time. As others have written, the only downside to the beach is the water. The beach itself is quite nice (good clean, white sand) but from the edge of the water to about 100 feet offshore the water is only about 1 foot deep and there is quite a bit of silt on the bottom. If you walk more than about 20 feet into the water your feet sink several inches into the silt, so the immediate shoreline is too shallow and mucky for much recreation. However, the resort has a 100 foot dock, and off the dock the water is deep enough for swimming. The resort is in a protected cove, and in January (with prevailing winds from the east) there are only about 1 foot waves at most, so no chance for boogie boarding or playing in the waves. There were a few scattered patches of grass in the shallow water, but since we didn鈥檛 spend any time there (and they weren鈥檛 visible from the beach) the grass didn鈥檛 detract from the view. The shallow water and silt was definitely a detraction, but the rest of the resort made up for it.As far as watersports, Copamarina has two Hobie Cats, a bunch of kayaks, and some pedal-type watercraft. Given we had the all-inclusive package, we went out several times in the Hobie Cat and kayaks. No complaints there 鈥?all the equipment was in great shape and the water staff were quite helpful. They also offer dive instruction and dive tours, but we didn鈥檛 do any of that.The resort has two swimming pool areas, each with a separate hot tub and kiddie pool. Instead of cooling off in the ocean, we took a dip in the pool or hot tub every few hours. The hot tub was quite nice in the early evening. You can鈥檛 beat the proximity from hotel room to beach (and thus a nearby bathroom and air conditioning) plus clean beach towels every day.We loved the all inclusive package, and felt it was a great value. We lost count of how many drinks we ordered from the bar and brought to the beach (during the afternoons the staff would make an occasional trip down the beach to take orders too), and we liked not having to look at prices and calculate tips. Since we didn鈥檛 have to wait for a bill or sign anything, meals and drinks were also more efficient. Our usual vacation strategy has been to eat one or two meals a day in restaurants, and then buy our own breakfast/sandwich stuff and drinks at a local grocery store and eat the rest of our meals on the beach or in our room. Based on our calculations the all inclusive package was pretty much equal to what we鈥檝e paid in the past for hotel, meals, and drinks on other trips, and this time we didn鈥檛 have to hunt for provisions or throw away excess stuff when we returned home. Overall, the all inclusive package just made our lives easier.Again, we never left the resort once in eight days. The southwest part of the island is pretty sparse compared to the northern side, but we heard there were interesting museums and shopping areas in nearby Ponce. Other vacationers reported they did some hiking in the rain forest. There is also a ferry that runs from the Copamarina dock to a nearby island with a better beach and snorkeling opportunities (we didn鈥檛 do that either).Overall, we loved our stay at Copamarina. Though we wish the water at the beach was deeper and the ocean floor was less mucky, the rest of the resort鈥檚 amenities, layout, service, and overall value more than made up for it. For those out there like us who just want to read books and vegetate for a week, Copamarina is a great place.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friend....its the Best kept secret in Puerto Rico! If you have a family or its you and the love of your life. Go here! I probably don't have enough room to write how much I enjoyed the hotel, the staff, the food, the guitar player, the gift shop, the service, the breakfast, the dinner, the restaurants, the drive, the pools, the location, etc.etc.etc.... but I'll try to squeeze it in.My wife (pregnant at the time), myself, my 2 year old and my 9 year old arrived in San Juan in the morning and took the 3 hour drive through the heart of Puerto Rico through Ponce and on into Guanica. Loved it. If you call the hotel the operator will give you precise directions if you care to drive like we did. Precise!Now you know those winding roads that are on the side of mountains in the movies....well once you leave the highway and turn onto the main road leading to the resort that's exactly what you're going to be on....so slow down...and no drinking and driving...because the car coming around the corner head-on is driving in the same lane as you are.That's 98% of the bad stuff I have to report.Beautiful! Gorgeous! Just overwhelmingly nice and pleasant. Our luggage was late by a day...airline's fault. But the staff not only showed empathy but kept me posted with hourly updates on their communication with the airline and the courier.We had an excellent room. Excellent house keepers. Excellent cooks...especially Louis during breakfast hours.The only warning I have...and the resort warns you as well......Do Not Feed The Birds! These creatures are the only birds I have ever seen with pupils and they will swarm you if you offer one of their kindred a morsel...its like they hang out in the trees above and wait for some poor sucker to let down his/her guard....then POW!...they're on you and its too late. They remember to. They will be back...for breakfast, lunch, and dinner...at your door...no one else's....Your Door.Because of the mountain range the area gets very little rain...it literally rained 30 seconds while we were there...and it was more like the sky spitting on you if you can call that rain.This is relaxation at its finest...if you are a city guy or gal and are looking for night life....you're 3 hours away from that. Sorry. But if you want QUIET...Beauty...fresh air...Copamarina is the place.We're going back....and we're bringing others.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just about perfect The hotel and grounds are beautiful. Several very nice swimming pools. We checked out the other reviews and they are on the mark. It IS remote so the all-inclusive plan is by far the best way to go. Alexander's Restaurant has excellent (excellent!) food for dinner. The service was pretty good. La Palma restaurant for breakfast (very ample and varied buffet) and lunch is open air and very nice. The service staff is particularly warm and attentive. The beach is as others have said - somewhat muddy, somewhat with sea grass - but little wave action so it's good for children. 300 yards walk down the beach to the west is a very nice public beach with no grass (but still a little cloudy). We found beaches about 2 or 3 miles drive past the hotel (on 333) to the east. These beaches have more wave action and are clear of turbidity and grass. The road to the resort is nicely paved, with ample guardrails, and very curvy. Just go slow and stay on your side and there's no problem. All-inclusive includes kayaks (one and two man), 2 catarmerans, pedal boats and were readily available.We had a miscommunication with the hotel that could have turned out to be unpleasant but the hotel corrected everything and was most accomodating. Clearly the hotel is well run. Things go very smoothly.Gilligans Island trip was hardly worth it. Just a small shallow, sandy lagoon surrouded by mangroves. The locals seem to gather here. We left on the first boat back.Note: Beware of radar traps throughout Puerto Rico. We got a speeding ticket (65 in a 55 zone) just as the limit went from 65 to 55. Saw many, many police cars and drivers getting tickets during our 5 day stay. It seems to be an income stream for the island. If you rent a car (which most will do), strictly obey the limit.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MercerChow
<Content>Fine place to get away - really away Our family of six spent a week at the Copamarina and had a fine time. I will not repeat what others have said about the facility itself, swimming, etc.; there were no surprises. If you like hiking or birdwatching the adjacent dry forest is terrific, many trails and easily accessible. The Copamarina is also a good base for exploring the entire SW coast of PR, from Ponce around to Mayaguez - each about an hour east or west, respectively. There are several other good PR and US natural reserves within that span, especially Cabo Rojo, Boqueron, and Laguna Cartagena.Because we took many day trips we did not stay on the all-inclusive and therefore the Alexandra restaurant was too pricey for a la carte every night. There are few dining options in Guanica proper but several good ones in Parguera, about 20-25 minutes west. The informal Las Palmas was a better value for breakfast and lunch.As far as day trips go, one word of warning. The Arecibo Observatory and Rio Camuy Caverns are not as accessible from Guanica as they might appear on a map. There are no good roads across the Cordillera, and Route 10 does not go straight through, despite what it says on several maps. Be prepared to spend some considerable time on narrow, winding mountain roads. (They make the 333 road into the Copamarina a piece of cake by comparison.)If you do go to Parguera do not bother with the trip to the Bahia Fosforescente. The lights are gradually going out and I feel sorry for the boat operators who are still trying to squeeze a living from this dwindling resource. But it's underwhelming, believe me.For a bit of culture, the art museum in Ponce is an absolute gem - a world-class collection in a beautiful but modest and manageable space (designed by the same architect who did the MOMA in NYC).Would we go back to the Copamarina? Tomorrow, if we could!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Paradise We went on the recommendation of the majority of reviews on this website, and we were not disappointed. This place is fabulous to just go and get away from it all. The all-inclusive is the only way to go IF you are planing on staying on the grounds your entire trip. Food is excellent and well worth it. Drinks are top shelf, and Raul is the finest bartender we have ever had the pleasure of meeting. It does get a little busy on the weekends because a lot of the locals from San Juan go here on getaways, but once Sunday afternoon rolls around you have the place to yourself. There were families at the resort, but to me it seems to be more for couples looking for a romantic getaway. The beach is not really for swimming, but there is a very nice beach within walking distance right next door. Driving to and from is a little crazy, but just take your time and everything is fine. Staff was excellent, we will be going back!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lauramh
<Content>Nice resort but far away I stayed here in June 2005 to go scuba diving. I had done a lot of research and was glad I purchased the all-inclusive option. Otherwise, there's very few restaurants in the area and the on-site restaurants can be expensive if you pay as you go. My only complaint about the room was that the A/C unit is one of those large noisy units that sits in the corner. I had a hard time falling asleep with it running. But the weather was too hot to turn it off. The food was excellent, sometimes the service was slow but it wasn't a problem. The on-site dive operator was great, they have a very nice boat and the divemaster was really professional. The dive sites are nice and the reefs are healthy. Believe what others tell you about the Copamarina beach. Pretty muddy and some sea grass. The road to get to the Copamarina (route 333) is very treacherous to drive. Very narrow and you hope that cars coming the opposite direction are paying attention. The resort is on the southwest corner of the island, a good 2-3 hours from San Juan by car. This is a resort that is best enjoyed if you either come and stay without leaving, or keep your daytrips to points close by. A trip to El Yunque, for example, is approximately 3 hours by car each way.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carlo45
<Content>Beautiful Resort and great food and facilities We chose Copamarina based on the reviews here and we wanted the carribean side of Puerto Rico since the weather is more reliable. It's a 2 hour scenic drive from San Juan but worth the drive to be in one of the more beautiful areas of the island. The place is absolutely beautiful and not one complaint from my wife and two teenagers. One of our best family vacations. Find a nice lounge chair and let all your tension roll away. The resort offers something for everyone. I think the all-inclusive is the biggest bargain of all vacations considering the quality of the food. When my teenagers heard all-inclusive they immediately thought buffet and cafeteria style. Instead it was two restaurants with excellent menus and food. Dinner is served in a beautiful restaurant called Alexandra with superb quality and service. All drinks, day and night are included too! We have stayed in more expensive places in Puerto Rico and paid double the price for half the beauty and amenities. There is lots of boating and water activities. If you want a big ocean with waves this is not the place for you although other guests took day trips to nearby beaches where they could boogie board. Copamarina is on the gentle carribean sea, my preference. I especially enjoyed kayaking and sailing the hobie cat which is also included in the all inclusive.The grand surprise is the snorkeling. For beginners or experienced, it's only an 8 minute boat ride from the hotel dock and you will dive into a tropical paradise.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>greeneacr
<Content>Copamarina was a beautiful resort       Our Room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sonjeroo
<Content>Excellent Place, Horrible Management When our plan arrived late, we called the hotel and they (the manager) were absolutely unwilling to send another transport for us even though we had paid in advance, and was also unwilling to refund us. This was frustrating and this manager was the bain of our existence the entire time, but even the rest of the staff comiserated with us on how awful he was. Save the one manager, the place was fantastic! I'd love to go back (especially if the manager is no longer there)  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best for couples. We had a wonderful stay at the Copamarina. I would rate is as 8 out of 10. The positives are as follows: a. The location is private.b. The rooms were clean, well appointed, and had patios that led to wonderful views of the ocean and grounds. c. The grounds were maticulously maintained. d. The pool and the jacuzzi were very nice, and looked lovely at night. e. The restaurant offered excellent cooked to order breakfast. I only dined once for dinner. The meal was very good as well. f. The service was excellent, particularly the staff at the dive shop and restaurant. g. Gilligan's Island, a short water taxi ride away; a beautiful lagoon with white-coral sand bottom. h. Good diving nearby and excellent dive shop. (Did not try, so no first hand knowledge.)My only negatives are:1. The beach, very small, clowdy and muddy. I have read comments from the management that the beach was damaged by storms. I hope they are correct. There are lovely beaches within a 1/2 hour's drive. There is also a beach right next to the property. The public beaches at Boqueron and Playa del Santa were both excellent. 2. This resort does have a nice pool and a play ground. However, overall, it is best geared to couples, not families. 3. There are not many dining options nearby.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>momwith3kids
<Content>Nice resort, but no five star We stayed at the Copamarina Resort in October to celebrate my in-laws 40th anniversary. My husband, 3 kids, (ages 7,5,3), mother in law, father in law and brother in law all spent four days there in the pouring rain. The resort is very pretty, very secluded and quiet and has a wonderful staff and restaurant. The things to be aware of, however, are these:-- the beach is not nice. Seaweed, and debris from all of the trees were all over the sand. The bottom was more like a lake than the ocean. My kids wouldn't have put a toe in, and they love the beach. It's true, there is a public beach a quick walk away, but not what you expect from the Caribbean. -- the Villa, which is two 3 bedroom apartments, one on top of the other has no air conditioning in the common rooms. Because of the size of our party, we had reserved this and we moved immediately. While nicely decorated and spacious, we couldn't suffer the heat anytime we weren't in the bedrooms.-- they advertise 4 pools. Two are tiny kids pools, and not the sort that keep any kids over the age of 1 occupied. That left two pools to enjoy. Just a note if you're planning a long vacation and want a variety of pools, with interactive things for the kids, you won't find it here.-- On the positive, the restaurant is excellent. We ate every meal there, and were not disappointed. The road leading to the resort is very winding and narrow. Because of the terrible weather, we never left for me  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mella1
<Content>Copamarina was great! We just returned from the Copamarina and it was fantastic. Even though it was rainly season and the weather was not too cooperative, we still had a great time. The resort is very lovely- clean and beautifully lanscaped. We were upgraded to a superior garden room however, we still had full view of the ocean. The room was also a great size and very cozy and clean. They have cable TV which, given the weather was a blessing.I cannot say enough about the staff. They are unfailingly nice and very helpful. From the front desk staff to the waiters, there was no one that wasn't extremely cheerful and helpful.I would recommend the all inclusive option. We did not find places to eat in the immediate area and the menu at the Copamarina was quite expensive. Here all inclusive means eating resturant style with snacks and drinks available any time.The only disappointment was Gilligan's Island. We found it to be a very small beach and the snorkling (equipment included in all inclusive) was very so-so. The water is beautiful however- crystal clear and just what you's expect from the Caribbean sea.Copa is definately worth a visit.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Copamarina: very friendly place We stayed at the Copamarina from 08/08-08/14 with 2 small children, ages 5 and 2 and everyone had a blast.Food: it was delicious, I gained 5lbs in a week, rice and beans w/pork chops everyday and flan everyday. Yummy. Stay all-inclusive, it is worth it.Beach: that was the only thing which prevented me from giving excellent...the beach, although beautifull, is quite muddy. We went next door to the public beach and the Guilligans island which is very pretty. The children had a blast in the pool. All the pools are very nice.Activities: There was always something to do, thanks to Irving in the dive shop. He organized kayaking race for the kids, vollyball, treasure hunt, to name a few. He was very helpfull. Copamarina is definitely a place for families, couples, singles, seniors, everyone.Management: The management was very gracious. My 5ys old son sone stepped on a rusty nail in the outside resturant and the management and staff was very responsive and apologetic. They escorted my husband and son to the hospital, paid for his medicines, and even gave us an extra day for the rental car so we could do more sightseeing. Thank you all very much, especially to Mr. Jose Padin, the General Manager. Also, I left my credit card in the dive shop and they returned it to me while I was having the yummmy dinner. Your honesty is appreciated. BTW, the rusty nail was removed from the restaurant.The island of Puerto Rico is very beautifull. The rainforests are magnificent, the bamboo trees are so gracefull. The people are nice. Copamarina is a wonderfull place to stay while enjoying the beautifull island of Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>happy2travel100
<Content>Great place to stay! A great quite getaway. Easy to drive to. Staff are wonderful. Food is fantastic. Rooms are nice. We would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grat place       beach  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wepagirl
<Content>We loved it       Pool View from Room  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely time, lush dinners An extraordinary time to relax, catch alot of sun, and enjoy wonderful service from all the staff. A group of 10 adults recently visited this terrific, all inclusive resort and found a very relaxing atmosphere away from the hustle and bustle of a big city like Chicago. The 2.5 hour ride from San Juan to Guanica was picturesque and quite lovely. The drivers spoke plenty of English, knew their way around to make a snack run, and even took you to a bakery for some deep, rich cafe con leche. Don''t worry about the way everyone else drives in PR( fast/furious), these drivers know their business. The magic of the hotel restaurant, Alexandra, is in their cuisine- first class and easy going. Breakfast is a big buffet so enjoy!! Lunch and dinner are meant to be completed in several hours so remember this as you order your food. The service folks are outstanding so remember them as you tip! The grounds are lush, with plenty of chairs to sit at by the pools, on the beach( go to the public beach- if you want to swim in the ocean, or on Gilligans Island) and bring ALL your own supplies to use. The front desk staff are ALL friendly, helpful, and accomodating. Don't be shy- ask the staff for help in renting a car or van, be sure to plan with 24 hrs notice.( A car is really important if the family gets itchy to do something) Ponce is 45 minutes away with a great Art Museum, lovely historical museum and a great area to do some bargain shopping near Fireman's Park(Parque de los Bomberos) People are friendly so ask if someone speaks English- Try your Spanish, it's appreciated. If you visit the Cave, be sure to wear sneakers, long pants, baseball cap, and gloves you will throw away. Any child over 12 would be fine to go into the Cave. Any child over 8 for the walk in the Dry Forest. Anyone under 8, visit the beautiful beach that is close by! The kyaking, diving, sailing and other activities are all arranged in the Dive Shop- the young, cute, beautiful and handsome staff will take care of the arrangements. Ask the Captain of the Diving boat about the illegal member of his family- Great storyteller! Overall, enjoy the pace of life in Guanica- slow and steady- Enjoy the drinks, delicious and lastly, enjoy la isla del encanto.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giolo
<Content>Was Amazing... How can you go wrong for an all inclusive for two people, $328.00 per day. All you can eat, all you can drink with gratuities included. I can not say it is a five star hotel, but it was clean, the room was large and very comfortable. The staff was great. I asked if there was anyway I could get a surprise cake for my husband for our anniversary and the girl at the front desk went out of her way and bought one for us. The food for us at least was not the best we have ever had, but we have had worst. Location can not be beat. The hotel was quiet and relaxing. There were two days when we had the pool all to ourselves, I mean how can you complain. We took a day trip to Bahena Beach (spelling probably wrong sorry) and the water was incredible. People did leave behing their garbage which is a disgrace but if you can see beyond that it was amazing. You can actually walk in the shallow water and see not only your feet but tons of fishes. The Copamarina was a relaxing vacation and that is what we wanted. Like others have said if you are looking for five star quality food, a nightlife this is not the place for you, but if you are looking for a hideaway with great staff and amazing views of palm trees and the bluest water this is the place. Any questions Please feel free to ask  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Piolina
<Content>Paradise! We stayed two nights last weekend at the Copamarina and it was a bliss. Although our room was supossedly garden view we were upgraded to an ocean view room. It was very neat, not pretentious, but with all the basic needs. Tropical decoration, soap and shampoo dispensers in the shower, wireless internet and cool drinking cups that make a nice souvenir. I also loved the futons on the beach! The staff was very friendly and the secluded location was great for those wanting to relax and feel away from everything. It is also close enough to take a day trip to Ponce and a visit to La Parguera and the bioluminiscent bay. The hotel beach was not good but next to it was Ca帽a Gorda, a public beach great for swimming. Their kiosko had excellent local food (empanadillas) and cheap pi帽a coladas, wich made a nice lunch. The only cons of the hotel are the beach and the pricey restaurant. Although food was pretty good, it was expensive. And the only option for breakfast is a buffet, so if all you want is some coffee and bagels/pastries it is definitely not worth the price.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place For Scuba Just got back from a very relaxing Memorial Day weekend trip to the Copamarina resort. We did two two-tank dives on Saturday and Sunday that were filled with beautiful coral and lots of marine life. The crew was very professional, safe, and fun. Costs: $165/night (minus a 10% discount for AAA) for a very clean and comfortable room that overlooked the caribbean ocean and included a daily buffet breakfast. The bathroom was rather large w/ a hair dryer and seemed like it was recently remodeled. Diving cost $95 for the first day of diving and $85 for the second day (all equipment included--make sure you have your dive card). You may be able to talk them down on this price if you have a large group. Beware, the time on the boat can get very wavy...so if you get sea sick, take the appropriate meds.The food was great. Breakfast was $16.00/person for an all you can eat buffet, Lunch menu was similar to a Ruby Tuesday/TGIFriday's type menu and prices were also comparable. Dinner was excellent at the only restuarant that is open after 6pm. The resturant is very classy with inside and outside dinning with prices ranging from $22-30 per meal. The apple dessert $7.00 wasn't that great. Overall, a great stay at a pretty good price. I would recommend this hotel and dive shop to anyone who is interested in diving Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Getaway My husband and I spent four nights at the Copamarina from May 9-13th. We loved our time here! We were in San Juan for four days prior and it was a great contrast. San Juan is busy and you are always running around, The Copa is quite and peaceful. The resort is beautiful with so lush gardens, a great ocean view and it is nestled in a scenic and nature filled area. If you are looking for some rest and relaxation or some advenuture this is the place for you. We found the English speaking staff so friendly and helpful. More than one time, they told us don't worry we will take care of it, you are on vacation. It was music to our ears. We enjoyed their pools, beach, and activities such as the cave hike and kayak tour of Gilligan's Island. Just note, the other reviews are right, the beach on the property is not for swimming. You can walk less than 50yards to the public beach or drive 5 min past the resort to another beach. The gym was good and the massage at the Bioderm Spa a real treat. We opted for the all inclusive which worked out well. You have more than enough choices and options. The food is great. Dinner is in a nice restaurant with live music and excellent cuisine and service. We found that t his is a great place to relax and take it easy. Enjoy your stay! We look forward to our next trip to the Copamarina.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to unwind, hike, snorkel My wife and I went to Copamarina in April 2005 and had a wonderful time. The grounds are lush, the food was terrific, the rooms and the staff were very nice. A few tips:-- If you want to snorkel out on the reef, reserve as soon as you can. Spots on the boat filled up quickly the week we were there.-- Copamarina's beach is nice for relaxing in the sun and taking dips in the pools and saunas. If you wish to swim in the ocean, it's shallow and grassy. But not to worry. The lovely Cano Gorda public beach is right next door, a stroll of maybe 200 yards. It has a sandy bottom and lifeguards.-- The sandwich shop at Cano Gorda is great for a quick lunch. The sandwiches are just $2 or $3. The pina coladas are cheap.-- If you go to Gilligan's Island, there is a coral reef just off the island's western tip. As you walk off the dock, take a right (most people will be turning left), duck through the fence, and pick out a picnic-table shelter as close to the western edge as you can get.-- Gilligan's Island gets its nickname from the lagoon, which is actually a tidal stream moving through the mangroves. Going up river against the current is a bit of work, but your reward is a chance to snorkel as you float back down to the lagoon. Very relaxing. Lots of fun.-- The rooms were nice with fridge, safe and balconies or terraces. The TVs had English-language cable (CNN, ESPN, HBO, etc.) as well New York City local channels.-- The ocean is very clean because the resort is surrounded by the Guanica Dry Forest. It's a bizarre landscape, and beautiful in an austere sort of way. Lots of cacti. If you're a hiker, go on line and print out maps of the forest trails. Also, go to TerraServer and look at the aerial photos of the terrain. Hiking into the hills is a great time. Pack lots of water and then add an extra bottle.-- Had a good and reasonably priced meal at the restaurant at the main Gilligan's Island ferry dock (not the resort's dock). They also sell emplanadas, or meat pies, which make a nice lunch on the island.-- You need a rental car because Copamarina is miles from anywhere. Invest in a good road map and study it. We traveled all around the southwestern quarter of Puerto Rico and made discovery after discovery. Beautiful beaches. Lighthouses. Views that took your breath away.-- If you go to the bioluminescent bay, expect to be disappointed. It is nothing like the firefly-glitter in the final scene of Lord of the Flies (if you happened to see the old movie). But, we were there on a moonless night, and the boat trip under the stars was well worth the price. I don't know that I've ever seen more stars in a sky.-- Copamarina is on a narrow and torturous coastal road. (It is well paved with lines painted on the edges.) If you drive to the end of the road, there is a lovely but littered public beach. If you're a hiker, take the trail that follows the coast beyond the road's end. You'll be rewarded with dramatic views. There are not many places where you can walk for miles along the ocean and see no one else. Again, take lots of water. Also be forewarned: There were male prostitutes at the beach itself trolling for clients.-- If you get the craving, there's a Burger King in Guanica at the intersection to the highway leading to Copamarina. Come to think of it, there's a MacDonalds nearby, too.-- Copamarina is a place to unwind, relax, read books, play tennis. There is no nightlife. By 10 o'clock or so, the resort is asleep. Know what you're getting into, and you'll love it.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WANTOTRAV
<Content>Food off the resort!! I just wanted to add..that I in no way want visitors to feel that they cannot eat anything anywhere off the resort. We ate in several places off the resort...but many of the IMMEDIATE places did not have a good level of quality of foods. I know because I tried them. One place I bought the meat pies--some of them were good others were not... they tasted off so I ate the ones that looked and smelled good but discarded the rest .My traveling companion and I walked to another nearby establishment and were treated well there..but after getting back to enjoy our take out dinner we discovered we had under cooked pork chops and fried chicken that could not be identified. Being used to Puerto Rican Cusines here at home..I could eat some of it ...and the rice and beans .but my travel companion could not manage any of it at all. When we traveled to Ponce we found Hamburger Restaurants, Ice Cream Stores....and the most lovely shaved Ice stands to enjoy the local flavor(and boy did we !!!!!)..but again ..immediately off the ..if you have tender tastes..be aware of the foods..you may or may not want to partake....but on the main streets..and busier areas..enjoy with Gusto!!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jwhiteree
<Content>Great Place to take Kids! We spent the week before Easter at the Copamarina with our two boys, ages 8 and 6.5. We all had a fantastic time and would go back in a heartbeat.We rented a car in San Juan and drove to the resort. I highly recommend having a rental car. It is a long drive to Guanica, but very pretty. The other drivers are crazy, so be prepared. It is easy to get lost in PR because the roads are not marked well. You are best to know what town you want to go to next. There are signs that direct you to a town so you will have to go by that.The resort never seemed crowded. Sometimes we had to wait a little bit for a table at breakfast, but only if we got there later in the morning. Go early and you are fine. You need to prepare for the slower pace. If you are used to BAM BAM BAM service, things are a little different. And this is not just at Copamarina. Even Burger King is slow. It is just the way it is, so relax about it and enjoy. You are supposed to be vacationing anyway.The boat ride out to Gulligan's Island was not running. GI is/was closed, but the boat captain will take you out to Playa Ballena instead. Very worth it. (You can drive to Ballena by going down 333 past the resort, but take the boat. It puts you way out at the point where it is not crowded.) You will find a Caribbean beach with no one on it if you walk out to the point and around. Go to the dive shop and they will radio the boat to come to the resort dock and pick you up.The countryside is rather depressing. A lot of run down homes and buildings and wandering mangy dogs. I was told by a local, why put a lot of effort into your house? Hurricane is going to come knock it down every few years anyway... But look past that, and you will find wonderful kind people who are very accomidating. We only ran into 4 people the entire week who did not speak any English. If you plan on driving around, get a guidebook that has some common Spanish-all the street signs are in Spanish. My husband thought there was this town named Salida which all roads seemed to lead to. I told him, NO, salida means exit silly!Our room was very nice. We did not do all inclusive, so we only ate in the fancypants resort rest. one night. Our meal was okay. For the four of us, the bill came to $130 (that is with 2 kids w/meals from the kids' menu). Someone else mentioned in a review to stay away from local food. I disagree! Do some research and understand what you are eating, and you will find it quite good. We discovered Pinchos, which are basically chicken or pork on a stick, grilled with BBQ or Hot sauce. LOVE THEM! There is a vendor that sells them on the waterfront walk in Guanica. $1 each. We ate our last night in PR for $6 the four of us. There is a very good pizza place in Guanica called cleverly, Guanica Pizza. Ask at the front desk. They have info. The pizza place will deliver to the resort. We paid $16 for two medium pizzas that would be called larges back in the States.We did day trips to El Yunque and Arecibo and Camuy. It is quite an effort to get anywhere on the island. Plan on a whole day, but it is worth it. A drive to La Paragua just west of Guanica (which is where the bioluminescent bay is) is a good evening trip. We did the boat ride, unfortunately on a full moon night, so the bay was not very good. But we paid $20 for the 4 of us to have a hour+ after dinner moonlight boat ride, and that was fantastic. There were oodles of other kids for our boys to play with. All Puerto Rican children seem to speak perfect English thanks to cable T.V. The resort staff had organized activites for kids every day, and the guy who led them was FANTASTIC! It is true the beach is not a crashing ocean beach. The resort is in a cove, and the bottom is silty with grass. Cana Gorda, a public beach is a 2 minute walk down the shore and is a great place for swimming, but even here, the waves are not huge. The waves break way offshore on the reefs, so leave your surfboard at home. There are vendors at Cana Gorda where you can get cheap eats and $1 Medalla beers.If you have a car, there is a dirt road off 333 that goes down a cliff on the right side heading back to the resort. There is a green gate. This leads down to Playa Jaboncillo. GO THERE! The road is a little rutty and steep, but we got our Scion down there and back up just fine. At the bottom there is a gorgeous cove beach with cliff sides and no one there. Also drive down past the resort and there are more beaches, but go on a weekday. The locals flock to the beaches, and the areas around them are worn down and sometimes a lot of trash. Very sad, but try not to think about it. (I live on the East Coast and have been to VA Beach and Ocean City MD, and there they have to sift the trash out of the sand every night! Can't stand those places!)The ONLY bad thing that happened was the snorkeling trip on the dive boat. For our last day, we had made a reservation to go out on the snorkeling trip at $45 a head. It just so happened that I stopped by the dive shop that morning and happened to overhear that there was a problem with the boat, and the trip for the day was canceled. I was a little put off that they had not contacted us and told us. I asked the people in the dive shop what was going on, and they were very evasive, like they were hiding something. Was the boat broken? Problem with the Coast Guard? No one would really say. (The Coast Guard was there for some reason.) I told them that I would like to know b/c it is our last day, and I did not want to waste it. It ended up that the trip was canceled, so we went to Playa Jaboncillo instead and had a wonderful last day after all.I would go back to Copamarina without a second thought. If you want to plop at the resort and not move, get the all inclusive. If you like to go travel and see things, have a car. If you have kids, they will LOVE it.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful service                
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WANTOTRAV
<Content>Go To Copamarina       Entry to front desk area  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax and Enjoy Copamarina This is my second visit to copamarina, I went two years ago in the winter. I traveled with My husband, mother, father and a four year old and we loved it. There was so much to do except for the evenings. Guanica is a quiet town and there was no night live at the hotel. So if that's what your looking for go elsewhere this is not the place for you. We had dinner at the Alexandra our first night and service was slow. My mother and daughter was falling asleep while waiting. The food was good and compared to New York prices I didn't find them to be expensive, $26.00 for filet mignon and lobster tail, not bad. The breakfast buffet was very good, they had everything you can think of. Also the rooms had mini refrigerators, so you can stock up on snacks if you are on a budget.I was dissapointed to see that the Parrots that where once there were gone. According to the front desk visitors complained about the noise. Hello, we are in the carribean. That was part of the hotel's charm, my daughter was looking forward to seeing them. If you are traveling with kids, see Miguel at the dive shop. He plans activites daily for the kids and he is wonderful. I must say that the staff tried their best. We had a great time and we plan to visit again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pretty hotel, horrible beach We drove over 3 hours from San Juan airport to Copamarina, past beautiful mountains and pretty small water falls along with many old small houses with or without people in it. Along the way it scared me, it looked like an unsafe place to be in if your car broke down. I did not ever thought I would feel this way, but I did. Thank God when we got to Guanica near our hotel, there were three police station, one fire station and I felt relieved. Everytime we drove around the next couple days we saw police cars one after another, some pulled tourist people giving them tickets for speeding, while we spotted residential (beat up cars) with badly cracked windshields driving without being stopped. People driving 25-75 miles an hour unlimited speed, they cut in front of you without signaling. Where's the highway patrolmans, I keep asking myself. I hope we make it back with our little 3 year old home in one piece, I prayed. At night we drove into tiny streets just looking for a restaurant or souvenier shop, except to find gambling joints, people drunk standing around, houses with bars all over this entire island!!!! Now, I got depressed, I said to my husband this has got to get better. No more next time.Back to the hotel the activity desk clerk would not let us have the trip to Gilligans Island, told us and everyone that it is closed for the whole week. We reserved the ferry ($5.00) days ago with receipt and today it just got canceled, only the $45.00 trip is available to that island. Tomorrow we have to go home. We all looked at each other feeling angry, lied to and cheated, and felt that if we all (hotel guests) would spend more money we can go its not true. We're just stuck, so we decided to go to the other not-so-famous beach the ferry goes every hour. This made the activity guy really angry!!! He gave me a hard time borrowing our hotel life jacket, snorkling gears, etc. Everyone on the boat felt angry too.We added all-inclusive to our over price room the 3rd day. We were informed by the reservationist that the plan includes foods, drinks, gratuities. My husband and I asked twice about the gratuities, just to make sure so we wouldn't look stupid. They said that the only people you tip are the bell-boy and the bartenders. We felt unjust so each time we got served we tip a few bucks or more. The next day back to the same restaurants they ignored us. So I said maybe their employers cheated them, why are they not jolly anymore. All-in-all this 7 day trip was boring and the people here are lazy, because the service was incredibly very slow. Breakfact is buffet style, but you had to stand and wait (5-10 min.) to get seated. No exaggeration, lunch and dinner took alittle over an hour for food (even for take outs). We got sick of looking at the same crowd. Thank God we made it back home safe and not sick thats all that matters. Amen.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a great place to escape Being a one-half Puerto Rican stuck in the midwest, I love to get back to the island and have some good beach time. The beach at this resort does have sea grass and is not for swimming. But anyone who complains about that needs to drink less, drink more, or walk 100 yards west to Playa Cana Gorda. The public beach there is fabulous for swimming and (especially if you aren't all-inclusive at the resort) the beers are $1.Our first night there was a Monday (we stayed until Thursday am) and it is true that during the week it is very relaxed. The restaurant is good for breakfast and lunch, but EXCELLENT for dinner. Each of our evenings at dinner, the same hostess took our reservation and seated us. Each time, she remembered our names and our room #. The first night, Raul, the bartender gave me 2 hand-rolled cigars and the owner had a few drinks with us.Let me tell you, the service here is great. Middle of the week and not crowded yet there was a server at the pool area. This resort is also recognized for its environmental awareness. One thing to keep in mind (whichever type you are--I am somewhere in between): Even though there is an all-inclusive option, this is not a party-hearty environment. You get your meals, you get your drinks. However, the bar opens at about noon and closes around 10:30 or 11. One thing about that. Some said the drinks were kinda watered down. I didn't find that to be the case at all. Like anyplace else, tip the bartender fairly well and make conversation.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>February 15th - 20th Vacation       Sunset from our room  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>teedeeandchelchel
<Content>Wonderful for Families We just returned from 3 nights at the Copamarina resort and really enjoyed it. We have a 12 year old and 9 year old and it was fabulous for them. The rooms are nice, the staff extremely accomodating and friendly, but best of all we loved the activities set up by Irving. Each day he plans 3 activities for families and kids. For example beach volleyball, kayak trips, nature hikes, a treasure hunt and all this is included with your stay. It was a wonderful way for our kids to meet other children without going into one of those big hotel Kids Programs. The grounds are lovely, the area beautiful, the only place I could see room for improvement was in the restaurant where I felt our dinners were a bit of a let down. I would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise We wanted a quiet place where we could sit on the beach, gaze at the sea and get some sunshine on our pale, northern bodies. This was just right! The Copamarina has comfortable, clean rooms; a friendly, accomodating, laid-back staff; gorgeous landscaping and pools; and a nice, quiet beach. The dinners at Alexandra's were delicious, too. We had not expected much after reading other reviews, and were pleasantly surprised! Dinners were no more expensive than dining here, and by stressing that we wanted our meat very rare it was perfect.The beach does have grass in the water, and the bottom is a bit squishy in places, but it's not off-putting or unpleasant. Do get to the beach early to get one of the big beds, they're very cool, make you feel like royalty. We should have gone with the all-inclusive plan, since we never wanted to leave! We did take a trip up to Areciebo and took a scenic route instead of Highway 10; took all day but we saw beautiful countryside and many small villages.Weekends are very busy, lots of families  kids, so if kids bother you, choose somewhere else. But if you want a relaxing, sunshine-filled, lazy vacation at a reasonable price, the Copa is the place - we plan on returning!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>liketotravelAtlanta
<Content>Oasis Cold and windy in San Juan so rented a car and drive south into the calm sun. Arrived 2/15/05 and stayed 2 nites and really enjoyed the interlude. Probably the quietest facility we have ever visited.Beautiful grounds and nice rooms with unusual windows that we opened to the sea breezes. On a bay with wonderful sailing-rented a hobicat. Beach bottom mucky and full of sea grass. Two pools and two jacuzis, very nice. Everything very well maintained. Lots of humingbirds!Did not opt for the all inclusive plan and did not regret it. A la carte meals very expensive; with limited selections. Meal service very good. Enjoyed one romantic evening in the restaurant-there was a classical guitarist adding to the atmosphere. There was one coin operated washing machine and dryer (handy!), and a small work out area and spa. Spent one evening in La Parguera and took the $5 tour of the bay-probably a victim of it's success-not many sparkly plankton left, but $5 worth of diversion, to be sure. We had no problems driving once we left San Juan and everyone matched our Spanish with their English, with grace. This is probably more of a vacation spot for those who live on the island, but we really enjoyed it!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sjkoen
<Content>Wish we aer still at the Copamarina We spent a week at the Copamarina for our honeymoon. Loved it! The gounds are great. The beach is pretty, but not a swimming beach - we knew that before reserving the hotel. The staff were very friendly. Walks in the dry forest were fun. We'd agree with most everyone else that the all inclusive is the way to go. No nightlife...but that was one of the best features - so peaceful. Diving trip was great too - very well run and fun dives.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mlwebb03
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon We went to the Copamarina in July 2004 for our honeymoon as a part of a town and country package through the Hotel El Convento in San Juan. By far, the Copamarina was the better half of the package. It's hard to know where to begin in talking about the wonderful things they had there...the grounds are breathtaking, the staff is outgoing and friendly, and the food was excellent. Our room was minimally decorated, but we don't go on vacation to look at curtains and bedspreads anyway, and it was very clean. We went snorkeling through the resort's program, and it was great. We were the only two people snorkeling. We laid around in the hammocks they have strewn about the grounds, the sun beds, the lounge chairs, and felt fully pampered and relaxed. It was everything we could have wanted in a honeymoon.The only caveats I would add are that if you go, you really should get the all inclusive package, and rent a car. The food is very good, but I can imagine that we would have been upset if we'd been paying as we went. As it was, we were able to have all of the daquiris and margaritas we had fantasized about during February in Connecticut while we were planning our honeymoon, and enjoy a wide sampling of food at every meal without ever thinking of the price. Also, we found Guanica a good hub for exploring the dry forest, the rain forest, Ponce, and the bioluminescent bay, but having a car was necessary for that. Overall, I would highly recommend this resort to nature lovers (it's a green resort) and couples or families looking for rest and relaxation.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hideaway       Snorkeling excursion  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ahhh This is a looow key vacation spot for folks who need to veg. The service is impecable, everyone friendly and accomodating. Their chef even bent over backwards to prepare vegetarian meals for us. This place will lower your blood pressure and turn your type-A personality into a type-B. We may very well return for more next winter!:)  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zippidydo
<Content>Copamarina - aplace to stay, relax and explore My wife and I just returned from Copamarina yesterday. The rooms, the grounds and the staff are exceptional. The room is decorated in tropical colors, large beautiful bathroom, wooden shutters to the deck or patio, good a/c and an adequate television. The maid staff was efficient and the rooms cleaned daily (we tipped daily, and our room seem to be cleaned very well), the gardens, pool areas and beach seemed to always be clean without seeing lot of cleaning activity. The gardens and pool areas are very large and uncrowded. The resort has a lot of acreage for the small number of rooms (approx. 120 rooms). There was never a problem getting lounges at the pool or beach. Besides chairs and lounges on the beach there are also a number of large futons - yes futons on the beach. One is on a low wooden platform, the other two are on raised frames with drapes that you can pull closed all around for privacy, including a drape on top to protect from the sun. Great for a nap on the beach or more?? We did not take advantage of these.There is a dive shop/gift shop on the beach with dive and snorkel trips gear, towels. They also have kayaks, paddle boats and some other available watercraft.Everything up till the edge of the water is top shelf. The ocean water comes up short. It is very shallow, very grassy and kind of like clay bottom. So going to this resort to use the great beach would be a disappointment, but knowing this limitation leaves you options to either sit on the beach (great breezes and the sound of the water lapping on the sand) and swimming in the pool, while exploring the island for great beaches (of which we found many). There is also a public beach just a short walk away - it was a little better, not much. I did a little snorkeling on the far end of that beach.We were on the all inclusive in that we were on a timeshare exchange through RCI, which was mandatory all inclusive. The A/I includes all meals, beverages and 1 hour of non motorized boat daily.The Food: Breakfast was served begining at 7:00 and went to 11:00.While most people raved about the food, we are not quite as big of fans as others. First the positives; the staff was nice, friendly and a good resource to find things to do off of the resort. Breakfast was buffet on weekends, off the menu during the week. Fruit quality and selection was a bit of a disappointment. There was always plenty to eat, but in general we found the food to be very inconsistant. The salmon one night was great the next dried out. We found many of the entrees at Alexanders (the dinner, white tablecloth restaurant) dried out. Maybe it was just a temporary issue with help, but it wasn't a wow. With that said it is the only show in town, there are no other restaurants or night spots nearby. The prices at Alexanders were very high off the menu, making the all inclusive a deal. Although not thrilled with it it was fine and recommended.The desk staff was very helpful and friendly.Things we did -1. walks in the dry forest, Take a left out of the resort at a green gate on the left side of the road is a nice easy walk through the dry forest, spectacular flora and fauna. Walk up to the 400 year old tree. Continue down this road - beautiful beaches. One day we took a drive to the main area of dry forest and took a short hike there. Lots of butterflies.2- La Paguera - Bio Luminescent bay trip. 35 minutes from resort this $5.00 trip was a minor event, but fun non the less. Very few tourists on the boat, Cute fishing village worth checking out. We had a highlight when we ran into a parade heading right towrds us. We pulled over and watched as many tows people in marching bands, baton twirlers and dancers came marching by with the ever present speaker trucks blasting native music. What fun !!!3- Long day trip seeking out beaches in Isabella, Aquadera (sp?) and Rincon. Found (with much persistance) Shacks Beach in Isabella !! Great Snorkelling !!. Continued down the road to find many other cool beaches. Not thrilled with Crashboat Beach, although it is written up many places as a top beach. Don't miss Rincon's beaches - good snorkeling on Tres Palms and watching the surfers on Dome's Beach was fun. Leaving Domes Beach on the right is a great little gift and t-shirt shop, fun proprietor and great shirts.Finding our way in and out of the towns and to the beaches was a challenge. Buy yourself a good road map before you go, and you still will need a good sense of direction and sense of humor. Coming back from Rincon we ended up going up and down over imposing mountains with two way streets only wide enough for one and a half cars. STAY RIGHT!!!! We ran into roads like these all over the island, with amny local drivers of trucks and cars alike driving on either side of the road.4- We also, took in (on the recommendation of a waiter) a local Christmas light display in a neighborhood in Jancoa. Ask and find fun local things to do.The highlight of the trip was on our last day we got up at 5:30 to make the long 3hr drive to Fajardo and took a high speed catamaran to Culabra. We went with East Winds. Great fun trip on a cool boat to a reef for snorkeling in the most vibrant colorful and alive area I have ever seen under water. They then took us to Flamengo Beach, all I can say is PARADISE. Rated one of the top three beaches in all of the world on many services. They also fed us lunch, fruit and beverages including rum punches. Good people, great trip at a fair price.We had a greta time in Puerto Rico and just scratched the surface. We could go back multiple times and still find new things to do and explore.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FamilyGuy-CT
<Content>Great for quiet family vacation We were at the Copamarina for five nights in the first week of December and had a great time. We are a family of 4 - two boys 5yr and 1yr. This was our first trip to Puerto Rico.On reaching puerto rico, we spent 3 nights in San Juan. In spite of being warned, we were surprised by the size of the urban sprawl. We were very happy to move to the quiet part of the island and spend 5 days at Copamarina.The resort is very nice. Grouds are well taken care of. The rooms are spacious and they either have a balcony or patio. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They started to decorate the place for christmas when we were there and it made the place look even nicer.The kids really enjoyed their time in the pool, the beach and the lawns. My 5yr old was not happy with the sea grass and made a big fuss about going into the water. Kids will probably only play on the sand or at the water's edge - not swim. Upside - water is very calm, like a small lake.The people at the dive shop were excellent. Very friendly. Happy to take care of any special needs. I just went for one short dive on the local reef ( about 2miles from resort ). Nice reef, wide variety of fish. From the dock, you can also take a boat to a beach ($5 round trip) which can only be reached by boat. It is white sand and next to a small mangrove islands. Great for snorkeling as the water visibility was excellent. The fact that we could do all this from a dock just steps from the room was a huge plus for us.The only problem we had was that the place lost electricity for a little bit on the last evening. The generators got most of the lights on. But, perhaps unrelated, the water stopped as well. We were told that this was due to a major problem at the water company and that 3-4 local towns were affected. The next morning, we still had no water. As we were checking out early, we got the staff (still friendly) to give us some water in the ice bucket to brush our teeth, etc. I guess something like this could happen anywhere. I wouldnt blame the hotel. But, if we had to suffer this for 1 or 2 days, I suppose I wouldnt be that generous.The resort also seemed less than half full. I think that made our experience that much more relaxed. but, we loved it and would certainly consider going back again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tomritt
<Content>7 days at Copamarina Just returned from a week at Copa- - Overall everything was as expected with very high marks for the food!!! Try the deep fried red snapper... The room, grounds and staff were way above average - Only negative to us was allowing guests into the dining room and outside dining area wearing shorts and tee shirts after 6 PM - This is the time when nice island type clothes look smart in a classy restaurant - sure hope they consider changing the dress code.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memcc
<Content>Nice spot The Copamarina is a 1.5 hour beautiful drive from the San Juan Airport. On your way, be on the lookout for the white monument to the puerto rican farmer - this is the only spot to pull over and photograph the beautiful valley that you will see all the way along route 2. If you miss it, it's a royal pain to turn around.The Copamarina has very nice grounds and a cute little dive shop and pier. We were there in early October, so still off-season. Almost all of the rooms are ocean view, so it was easy to be given one. The room had a very tropical cabana feel to it with rattan furniture and a tiled floor, wooden shutters onto the balcony - but it also was air conditioned, with running water (beautiful blue tiled full-length shower stall) and a large tv. Don't forget to ask for your safe key at the desk - there is a $25 deposit and if you forget you have to walk all the way back.Since we were there in the off-season there wasn't a lot going on. We took a taxi boat from the pier to a local beach that was a little clearer than the beach at the hotel (somewhat turbulent water and many grassy patches). That was $5 apiece round trip. We were hoping to go to Guilligan's Island but due to Hurricane Jeanne it was shut down completely.We drove in to Ponce. Do not do this without getting explicit directions to the tourist section/old town. We never found it and had a disappointed dinner at a Taco Maker at a truck stop on the way back to the hotel.DO go into Parguera and charter a little motor boat to take you snorkelling. We did this for $25 an hour - a small boat with canopy and a captain all to ourselves - we recommend Johnny Boat - the 'captain' was very sweet and insisted on using up the full two hours that we paid for (after seeing many many jelly fish, though the snorkelling was great, we were ready to head in) - and took us to iguana island to see the wild iguanas which are accustomed to being fed by tourists.No problems with the hotel, aside from cleaning the pools at seemingly inopportune times, and poor signage regarding that fact so that we were covered in slimey drying chlorine before realizing what was wrong with the water...  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>arlyjb
<Content>Excellent food My husband and I just returned from 5 days at the Copamarina Resort in Puerto Rico. Expedia never forwarded our reservation to the hotel, but the staff was so helpful and caring sorting it out for us. Thankfully I brought the email confirmation with us. The Copamarina on the southwest coast of PR is on the Caribbean. The resort is lovely, with two large pools, 2 kiddie pools and a nice beach. The water is grassy in patches but it's not a problem. The public beach is easily accessible right next to the resort. The rooms are good sized, immaculate and painted peach and green. The Copamarina has the most amazing food of any all inclusive that we've ever stayed at. Lobster tail (large ones!), red snapper stuffed with lobster, crab and shrimp and filet mignon that melts in your mouth are just a few of the dishes offered. The staff are mostly university students from the local college who speak English and are very friendly. We hated to leave and look forward to returning.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I enjoyed the Copamarina Our group flew into Puerto Rico and arrived into beautiful weather in San Juan. We were met by the hotel shuttle, which was waiting directly outside the airport. The drive from San Juan to the Copamarina took about two hours. In future visits, we would probably see if we could get a flight to Mayaguez or Ponce, both of which are only a half-hour away from the resort.The resort was small, but well-situated. It's located in a protected bay, so there were very few waves on the beach. The water was comfortably warm, but the beach itself was covered largely with seagrass rather than sand. This wasn't too big of an issue, although my wife was stung by something in the grass at one point (plant or animal we don't know). Since the water was calm, swimming in the bay was nice.The rooms were large and comfortable, with a sitting area next to the bed. The inclusion of a refrigerator was nice. The bathrooms were adequate, nothing special. As someone else mentioned, the rooms could use some soundproofing. The honeymooners next door were...energetic.Having arrived via airport shuttle rather than a rental, we stayed at the resort for the entire six days we were there. As a result, we ate all of our meals at the resort. We didn't mind it too much, although I wish the menu had been a little more diverse. We purchased the all-inclusive plan for all of our meals, so we weren't bothered by the menu prices and didn't feel the need to watch our pennies at the bar. Thus, while the prices looked a bit high, we figured, with what we ate and drank, and with daytime trips to the bar, that we all broke even.The crowd at the hotel was mixed between adult couples and families. Not so many kids that it was annoying, but enough so that we occasionally got splashed at our poolside table by rambunctious children. Our days were spent mostly sitting on the beach or near one of the pools reading. Bar service was maybe not speedy, but acceptable. Service at the restaurants was a bit on the slow side, but we were on vacation so it was okay. The one potential complaint: When we made our reservations we asked if they had laundry service and they said they did. When we asked for laundry service a few days later, they said they didn't do that. However, when we complained about this, somebody from the hotel staff did do our laundry, so they made it right. All in all, it was a great relaxing vacation. We would probably go back, but we'd try to get a flight to somewhere closer to the resort to avoid the two hour drive. Also, we might want to rent a car to try some other restaurants, since by the end of our trip our group had run through the menu more than once.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Experience! Our stay at the Copa Marina was actually more than wonderful! It was extraordinary! In the first place, the people in the area were warm and friendly. The staff was attentive. The room was very nice. The grounds were lovely. The beach was a wonderful place to fall asleep under a palm tree! The water is great, even if there is grass at the bottom. Time in the water shouldn't be spent standing anyway. Snorkel and fins are the way to go and there are some fish to see in that grass. The pools are nice. The restaurant is good. The breakfast is plentiful. The live music in the evenings on the patio lends to the enchanting tropical atmosphere.On top of that we had an emergency while we were there, and the hotel manager was amazing! While snorkeling at a nearby island, I was stung by a Portuguese Man-o-war and I had an allergic reaction. The manager followed the ambulance to the emergency room in the small town (where, by the way, the doctor was great, spoke perfect English, and with a quick shot I was better in minutes). The hotel manager stayed with us at the ER and drove us back to the resort. I was on the beach again in no time and thoroughly enjoying the resort. With or without the emergency, I would recommend this resort to anyone who would consider going to Puerto Rico. It is top notch!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gladiolabee
<Content>Great snorkeling at Copamarina Beach Resort We just spent 4 nights at Copamarina Beach Resort. A fabulous place. Gilligan's Island is a great place for snorkeling and general water play, accessible by a ferry from the resort. There is also snorkeling on the reef with Sea Ventures. Yacao has a big shopping center, with lots of places to eat. If you desire to go to a supermarket, there is one near the McDonald's just south of Rte 333. But don't drive into Guanica, (left at Burger King) the roads are being resurfaced and are all torn up.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bambam007
<Content>Nice grounds This is a nice place to stay for a couple of days to explore the area. The grounds are relaxing. The exotic birds on display are beautiful, however, when you look closely they are taken care of very poorly. If you're going to have exotic birds, the least you can do is to take good care of them.What ever you do, don't eat in the restraunte for dinner. The outside terrace is ok, however the restraunte is over priced and the service is horrible.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Quiet Place to Relax We purchased a week at Copamarina via Expedia. What a great choice!!! It is around 2hr drive from San Juan, so you need a rental. It makes more sense to rent a car than to take hotel transportation from the airport, and does not cost that much more. The drive itself is worth getting a rental. If you like aggressive driving, Puerto Rico is an ideal place; drivers are determined and 'take chances' all the time, but are quite skilled. Driving down from San Juan, you will pass the mountains, which offer excellent views and an exciting drive. The resort itself is in a very secluded area, in a wonderful and famous dry forest, located right on a warm bay. Even though it rains around the area quite a bit, the resort stays dry and sunny due to being enclosed by adjacent hills. The beach/ocean is grassy. But, you can walk 5 min to an always empty public beach with nice sand and even nicer water. Or you can take a boat trip (15 min) to one of the islands and enjoy the beaches there ($8 round trip). The resort offers a free breakfast (from 7 to 11, IIRC) that is a very nice outdoors buffet with great choices of food, fruit, and beverages. The pools are nice and clean, and the area is very green and grassy. The rooms are not very big, but nice and clean. The bathrooms are also very pleasant. Remember to bring ear plugs if you need complete silence to sleep well. Sound proofing is poor, but that is the way buildings are build in the tropic. The people at the resort are very friendly and accommodating, from ground keepers to receptionists. Ask the manager to use the internet (6pm is the best time to get a PC), there is no wireless internet connection at the resort. If you have a car, take a trip to Phosphorus Bay. Also, devote 1 day to visiting El Yunke, the only tropical forest in North America (or its Commonwealth). But watch out for cops (speed traps are almost as common as in the upper 48), speeders are heavily fined (paid $130 for 26mph over the limit), but reckless driving is not a problem... as long as you are not speeding. If you are up to spending another day on the road, go to the Arecibo Observatory, the largest observatory in the US (and a recent James Bond movie was filmed there too). Shopping areas are close by, with a grocery store and a K-mart, and many neat restaurants/fast food joints that are about 20 min away (by car). And of course check out Old San Juan!!! All in all, we were very pleased with the resort, and Puerto Rico; a beautiful island with great climate and friendly people. Copamarina is an affordable, clean, sort-of upscale, and relaxing resort that is working hard to be even better. Go and visit, and find out for yourself!!!  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place This is a wonderful spot. Very pretty location on the southwest coast of Puerto Rico. Relaxing, fun, wonderful and friendly staff - a great spot for a little family getaway, which is what we did. We had four kids with us (ages 5, 7, 15, and 18) and despite the fact that there is nothing around the area except the Copamarina, the kids were not bored for a minute over the course of a five day stay. The snorkeling trip is a must, the food is excellent, and overall a great value for the price. Definitely opt for the all-inclusive deal if it's available - that way you don't have to worry about laying out money on the spot for drinks, food, etc.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful resort My twelve-year-old daughter and I just arrived home from spending the last week in March at the Copamarina and I highly recommend it. The resort itself is lovely, beautifully landscaped with two pools, two kiddie pools and two jacuzzis. We had the breakfast buffet included in our room rate which was a good deal since it was $18 per person ($12 for children) when not included in the room charge. We often had lunch at the poolside restaurant and had dinner there several nights, sitting outside listening to the wonderful guitarist. The service, contary to what others have written here, was consistently efficient, pleasant and professional. The dinner menu was on the expensive side but the prices are typical of meals at quality resorts and there are plenty of other restaurants within a half hour to 45 minute drive. The beach is lovely but the swimming there is quite limited by very shallow water and lots of sea grass--fine for wading but not really swimming and definitely not snorkling right from the beach. We rented a car and left the resort for sightseeing just about every day as there are spectacular beaches, beautiful scenery, delicious restaurants in nearby towns, but you will have to drive to see them and just plan to take the time to get there. One of the reasons the Copamarina is wonderful is that it is a hidden jewel--not overrun with people and not touristy, just a quality resort secuded in a wonderful part of the island. Also contary to what others have said here, the resort is not difficult to find and the drive from San Juan is quite easy, taking about 90 minutes to 2 hours. In short, great resort, ideal for families and couples alike.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great honeymoon Spent five days of our of our honeymoon at the copa marina march 2004. Its hard to write how great the hotel was because i would hate it to become busy and touristy. If you want to relax by the pool or beach in beautifull surroundins with most importantly NO SCREAMING KIDS you will love it. This is not typical tourist puerto rico, it is quiet, slow pace and very romantic. Most of the days we were the only ones by the secluded lagoon style pool. it has a bar next to it were bartenders dont cheat you on the alcohol. The service was great which makes it hard to understand some of the other reviews, unless the patrons were arrogant and nasty. Everyone here speaks english and will go out of their way to help you. make reservations for dinner outside were there was a great guitar player every night. There is alot to do if you are adventurous we recomend the snorkling trip provided by copa marina with capt Bill and dive master Tony. They were great and will take you to a reef packed with fish. We loved this hotel for what it was, an escape of a tourist/kid filled resort. just wear your flip flops and bathing suit and relax. Will definetly come back again. Also very low speedo index!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Quiet We just got back from the Copamarina in Guanica. We rented a car at the Airport which I highly recommend since it is abut a 2 hour and 15 minute drive and same price as shuttle. When you leave the Airport take the exit onto the Tedoro Moscoso Bridge (the one with the american and puertorican flags on it) pay the toll this will lead you to route 17 stay in the right lane and follow thru traffic to the Caguas exit keep an eye out for it, this takes you onto the 52, follow all the way into ponce through Beautiful Scenery and Mountains, you will go tthru 5 tolls. Route 52 converts in Ponce to route 2 (on route 2 outside of Ponce there is Pito's Seafood on your left just past the El Tourque Water park this is an excellent restaurant with the freshest Lobster (ask for it to be grilled it was awesome) stay on 2 going past the town of Yauco (the best Coffee) you stay on 2 going past the Yauco plaza just past that take the exit #194 this exit will take you onto the 116 where at the 3rd light take a left by the Burger King, now you are on 333 in Guanica (rundown town watch out for the stray dogs) Here there is a Econo grocery by the McDonalds. on the 333 follow through the winding curves and Beautiful scenery of the cliffs and Ocean (it is Beautiful) this takes a little while as the roads are one lane. Follow down past the Cana Gorda Beach and Copamarina is on the right. The driving was beautiful and worth it. The drivers are a little wreckless so beware. The Hotel was pretty but very quiet, this really isnt a place for kids it is more like a place for retired people to vacation or people who just like to sit and be on the beach. The beach wasnt the greatest cause you cant really swim there, but a few steps down the beach to the Cana Gorda beach is perfect for swimming in the clear water. Look for sand crabs they are so cute and interesting to watch. The diving is great if you are an avid diver and the snorkeling at Gilligans Island was ok for $4 but the water wasnt real clear, but it is a beautiful white sand cay. If you have a car I suggest taking a right out of the Hotel and driving down the road to a beautiful and scenic area where you can play on a beautiful beach and bring a picnic, it was so beautiful there and private not many people. The Hotel is quiet with no night life, the food is exspensive (but the rooms have fridges so that was nice we got groceries from the Econo grocery store in Guanica) The Breakfast was not very good and it was $14 per person, so we went to McDonalds and got the same stuff for $7 for the both of us. We had an Ocean front room (room 115) it was pretty and the deck was nice to relax in. We got a lot of rest, so if you want to just rest and do a little then stay here because the scenery down there is beautiful. If you want nightlife stay in San Juan, it is dirty there but there is a lot of Bars. My husband and I liked it here but we dont think we will go back as it was too quiet. We love Playa Del Carmen Mexico a lot better and got a lot more for our money and there was more to do and more shops. We hardly brought anything back but Rum (which isnt all bad) but I wanted to buy more trinkets for our kids.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best spots in Puerto Rico! Just returned from a fabulous week at the Copamarina resort. We cannot say enough good things about this property, the amenities and the service.Location ? about ninety miles from San Juan. If you want to get away from the tourist scene, this is the place. Very easy drive on modern roadways, and the directions are simple to follow. A few 35 cent tolls on Rt. 52 so have some change handy.The cost of the rental car for the week is roughly the same as the hotel shuttle fee for two people, so I recommend renting so you can explore the surrounding area.Property ? beautifully groomed, tastefully appointed grounds. While the beach is rather shallow, there is more than enough space to enjoy your privacy, and the property abuts a very nice public beach with plenty of deep water swimming. Two large pools, hot tubs, fountains, etc.Surrounding area ? you are in a remote part of the country. There are supermarkets, etc. approximately a ten minute drive away, but there is very little in the way of nightlife or alternative restaurants, shopping etc. Ponce is 40 minutes away, with a casino, etc. but that is not why you would choose this property for a vacation.We did spend a day driving around to the different towns, beaches, dry forest preserve, etc. and there is plenty to see.Facilities ? health club, water sports, dive shop, etc. are all on-site and staffed by very helpful people. Snorkeling out on Gilligan?s island ($4 ferry ride) is a great way to spend the day.Room ? large, airy, tropical. We stayed in a Superior Gardenview, which was quite large and spacious and tastefully decorated. The ocean-facing wall is fitted with wooden shutters with screens, so you can let in the fresh breezes all evening (privacy is not a problem). Refrigerators  safes are provided.Restaurant  bar ? food is fresh, plentiful and well prepared. Highly recommend the all-inclusive plan, which enables you to eat  drink anything on the menus for all meals throughout the entire day. To keep things simple, we tipped our dinner server each evening, and took care of the other members of the wait staff (same people who served us throughout each day) at the end of our stay.The bar area closes around sunset on weekdays, but drinks are available through the restaurant (until 10:30 p.m. or so) and there is a courtyard area with live music each night.Service ? can?t say enough. Most service people tended to be quiet  non-intrusive (a good thing), but this approach could be misinterpreted by those wanting for the obnoxious Disney-like doting. Initiate the conversation and you?ll find that each member of the staff is delightful and more than willing to meet your every need. Example: Sunday night around 7:30 p.m. we stopped off at the front desk to inform them that our shower would need repair the following day but was not urgent; it was fixed by the time we returned from dinner.Recommendation ? if you are looking to get away for a few days to lie in the sun, eat well, do nothing, swim, snorkel, kayak and otherwise lounge about, this is the place. We will return again next winter.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise flawed....pack a lunch The trip to the Copa, although just over 90 miles, took 2-1/2 hours to reach. Directions were adequate but traffic, road construction, highway closures (couldn't determine why) really slowed us down. Drivers on highways, especially, are quite aggressive. Be prepared for lots of stray, malnourished dogs along the twisty road to the resort. We started buying bags of dog food to drop off - some kind person provided a jug of water.Ah, yes, the Copa! Incredible spot to relax, unwind and forget about cold New England winter. However, there's no beach...the grassy waters off the 'beach' harbor all sorts of critters who really don't like being stepped on! Two pools are quite wonderful. Restaurants (2) are incredibly overpriced and food quality is marginal - processed turkey in a turkey club sandwich - $13.00. Unless you rent a car, you're stuck - there's nothing accessible by foot and we never found anything suitable during our 7 days there.Would we go again? NO We found the island outrageously beautiful but dirty, noisy and not real welcoming. Full of potential, but it seems there's lack of ambition to improve the resort - or much else.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>didn't stay here but..... My husband and I recently visited the dry forest which this property is located on and had a little problem with our car..i.e. the passenger tires both went flat after we were run off the road by an SUV. And, of course, there was absolutely no cell service in the area...so, we parked in their lot and the front desk manager (Eddie Nieves) was extremely helpful-he contacted the rental company for us, called a tow truck, talked to the driver (who spoke NO english) for us, and gave us complimentary drinks while we waited in their cute little patio area for the tow truck. If this kind of service is any indication, they are going to be one of the top-rated resorts in no time!! We will definitely return here the next time we come to Puerto Rico and plan to stay a day or two. Eddie-thank you so much again for your hospitality!!! from the couple with the PT Cruiser....!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milomannn
<Content>This place is a treasure! This beach resort was a true pleasure to stay at. We used the internet to find it but when we arrived, I was surprised at how luxurious the grounds and rooms were. Now for specifics: It is located in a remote section of south western PR. The terrain of the area is dry and scrub, but there is a beauty in the natural landscape. The resort is surrounded by a UN forest preserve with many trails. We saw butterflies and birds during our hikes. The resort grounds are garden like and lush. Although we were told that the resort was full, you never got the feeling that it was crowded. The beach is mediocre for swimming (low and sea grass beds) but next door was a better public beach and within a short drive were the more lovely natural beaches within the forest preserve. The staff was very friendly, helpful and usually bilingual. We were a family of four and had two rooms which were very large and comfortable for our seven day stay. It doesn't matter if you have a garden view or water view but I would suggest asking for the second floor if you like privacy and the ground floor if you want your kids to have quick easy access to the pool and walkways. The all inclusive plan is certainly well worth the money. It gives you 3 meals plus all drinks (alcoholic or non) at any time and one hour of non motorized water equipment usage. Also there are practically no restaurants within easy driving distance but if you wanted to explore beyond 30 minutes or farther, you probably could find some. As a result of the all inclusive plan we probably did not see as much of the area as I would have liked but lounging around seemed to be our agenda this time. The only complaint all four of us had was how slow the service at the restaurant was. Some servers were very efficient but others left you waiting. We would have no problem go back again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A perfect paradise getaway at the copamarina I loved copamaraina. At first I thought what a lousy place moisquitos everywhere, and long lines at check in. If you go you can easily prove my first theory wrong. The rooms are clean and nice and cool. In fact i was freezing! I soon realized i hadn't had lunch and glanced at the map and headed down to Las Pamlas Cafe. Just a short walk away from my room I had a delicious meal which was costly, but worth it. Also the resort has a ferry which leads to Gilligan's Island a great place to go snorkeling with the family. The water was clear however I did not find an fish which I particularly liked. By sitting by the beach at sunset on the resort you can see a beautiful display of vibrant colors. The resort has a few pools, some for the kids, some for you and fun for the whole family. If your more of an athletic person you can try the tennis courts which are open till 10:00 p.m. Copamarina also rents you tennis raquets, scuba equipment, flippers and snorkeling masks, they also give you towels to use at the pool or at any water sport. The only bad thing is that is if you weren't planning on eating at the resturaunts provided by the resort I suggest leaving quite early because it will be awhile till you find a decent resturaunt. Age-10  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it here! We loved our stay at the Copamarina! My husband and I and our 16 month old son travel to Puerto Rico at least twice a year and have stayed at many resorts and small inns throughout the island. Now that we are parents we especially seek places that are family friendly. Our room was spacious and clean. (The resort supplies cribs upon request) Our room was an ocean-view room and near the main pool and kiddie pool which was really nice and convenient. There are great garden paths that our son loved to walk along and explore and smell the local flowers! There are two great kiddie pools which my son absolutely loved and didn't want to come out of, and the ocean is calm and great for kids to play as well. The resort is clean, the grounds immaculate, and the staff is very nice and helpful. I do agree with some of the other reviews that state the food is expensive. We thought it was too. The upside is that the rooms have mini-fridges so we stopped at a local supermarket and stocked up on fresh bread, cold cuts, drinks and snacks and we'd eat lunch out on our room patio everyday. (We bought the package where our breakfast was included so that took care of that meal. Well worth it since it was great rolling out of bed and being served a nice hot breakfast before hitting the pool and beach!) For dinner we'd get into our rental car and explore the island where we found some fantastic and really inexpensive restaurants that served local island food. All in all, we highly recommend this resort and plan on returning in the near future!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet and overpriced The place is just OK. I think it carries some intrinsic value for local people and that is what drives the price. I have no other explanation why I paid 220+ per night. Overall, the only reason to be there is it's quietness.The worst? MOSQUITOES!!! Early in the morning and right after dark especially after rain.The rooms are just OK and room service is mediocre. I had much better rooms at Dominican at half price. Breakfast menu is very limited and costs you $16. Open air lunch restaurant is better but closes too early. Drinks are a bit expensive. Dinner at the only restaurant is good and expensive, the service is low class. They just do not know what they are doing and do not understand you. There is nothing to do after dark. The beach is shallow and clogged with some kind of grass. The pools are nice, maybe too small. There are two pools for kids and sort of a playground.The surroundings are pretty and wild. We didn't see the trails, which I will always regret.If you still decide to go there, get a car in San Juan and keep it. Everyone we met there did that and no one ate at their restaurant more then once. Local village has a very simple restaurant, Blue Marlin.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>imaaron93
<Content>If you have young children, read this With the deal we got on Expedia, we couldn't resist taking a chance on the Copamarina resort. It seemed to good to be true that we could get such a deal, so I called the hotel to ensure that the resort wasn't under construction or had a recent outbreak of something or other. The friendly and patient person I spoke with at the 1-800 number for the hotel kindly answered all my questions, so we made the leap. And I'm glad we did! My wife and I have two young girls under the age of 5 so we wanted a relatively quick flight and a resort that we could entertain the kids in. Copamarina fit the bill and provided us with a very relaxing experience. We arranged for transportation from the airport through the hotel. We met the courteous driver, John, just outside the luggage pickup when we arrived at 10PM. He loaded us up into the comfortable minivan that already included 2 car seats installed for the kids, put on some soothing music and then drove us the two hours across the island to the resort. The rooms were comfortable and certainly adequate. The room was not spectacular in terms of furnishings or amenities, but it was clean and roomy enough for the four of us. The best part is that our room, like almost all rooms on the ground floor, had a porch that was about 50 yards from the beach and 50 feet from the kiddie pool. It was a great feature that allowed us to relax and enjoy the tropical paradise we came for. One of the only limitations of the resort was the food. Enjoy the buffet breakfast because the lunch selection is somewhat limited, especially for kids. Dinner at the main restaurant is excellent, but not for kids. The only option is to feed them before 6PM when the only other restaurant closes. And going to the nearby town didn't really seem like an option without a car. By squirreling away food from breakfast we did just fine. For the over prepared parent though, I can see how this might have a negative impact on the vacation. The resort itself was spacious, but not huge. With four pools and the beach, there was always plenty to do with the kids, as long as that is enough for you. We are usually very go-go people, but we wanted to just relax with the kids so this worked out perfect for us. There are other things to do like snorkeling, diving, kayaking, gym, spa, etc. so without kids any guest should be fine. We spent four days here and I'd say that it was just right. Any more time and I might have started to get antsy. We did employ the babysitting services for a grand total of 4 hours over two nights just so we could eat dinner at the restaurant. One of the hotel employees, Wanda, was our sitter and the kids loved her. Our kids are pretty good with sitters, but I was amazed at how they took to her. Even at $15 an hour, this was a true bargain! A few other quick items, do take the boat to Gilligans Island, or if it is closed go to the alternative deserted beach they suggest. It was a neat feeling to be all alone on a truly secluded beach where the snorkeling was easy and amazing. Do go to the town that is the jumping off point for Phosphoresent Bay, but DO NOT take the big boat. It is crowded, loud and generally not much fun. I've heard that there are smaller boats that will take you, but I didn't see where you can get them. Find a way to get the small boat, or skip the 1 hour trip entirely. Do eat at one of the fine reataurants in town suggested by the hotel - the chef and food are phenomenal! In summary, this was a great vacation and I would highly recommend Copamarina to anyone who is looking for a good, relaxing Carribean vacation.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>byoder
<Content>good place to stay in the sw nice setting and nice mix of guests (couples, families, Puerto Ricans, Europeans, U.S.). Pools and beach were pleasant. A bit far from the closest town, and the food - while good - was rather pricey. There is a public beach just down the road with a grill and snackshop.Worth staying at.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mackalaska
<Content>You are missing out if you miss the southwest coast! We spent 4 relaxing nights here after the hectic holiday season. The Copamarina resort was exactly what we were looking for. Laid-back atmosphere, beautiful views, wonderful snorkeling. The only downsides were thin walls (we had a room with a connecting door to the next room and heard everything the neighbors said) and the expense of the food at the main restaurant. We much preferred the food at the open-air cafe and did well by eating a big buffet breakfast ($15 per person) and an early dinner at the open-air cafe. On the upside - the staff were very friendly and the ferry to Gilligan's Island is not to be missed! We also loved the fact that the Copamarina is only a two-hour drive from San Juan but worlds away from the congestion of the city. We had fun exploring the neighboring towns and wildlife refuges. Overall a great spot and a good deal - we will go back.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very kid friendly   showReview(1539543, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet Getaway   showReview(1438544, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great but the food is expensive   showReview(1432031, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little jewel nestled in the south, well worth the drive!   showReview(1274385, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great choice for...   showReview(1109600, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved this place!   showReview(1107935, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet but a great spot   showReview(718796, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beautiful Caribbean Resort   showReview(573215, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Skip It Unless You're An Avid Diver   showReview(521944, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Our vacation in P.R.   showReview(359538, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>turist787
<Content>Excelente estadia       Entrando al hotel  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rosael
<Content>Magnifico y estupendo Parador   showReview(8237180, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lo que necesitas para tus vacaciones       LA playa  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

