<Author>Beckiboo1983
<Content>Perfect stay at the Constanza       Spacious and clean room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kala327
<Content>Unparalleled price-to-quality ratio This hotel doesn't come up high on any travel guide's list (tripadvisor included) so I don't recall exactly how I stumbled across it, but once I did, I'm I researched it heavily as the price (90 euros a night with breakfast included) seemed to good to be true for a hotel near the desirable Eixample area of Barcelona. I contacted the property directly in the summer (via email in Spanish) and they told me that the low rate was due to renovations of the hotel - renovations that would be done in September. My stay was for November so no concern there. The hotel is well-located. Just a few blocks from the Passeig de Gracia and Plaza Catalunya. It's not a block or two away, but rather 4 or five city blocks so if being a stone's throw away (walking-distance-wise) from the center of action is important to you then this might not be the place for you. The hotel met all expectations. The rooms were super modern and minimalist - in a sense almost too minimalist as there wasn't even an alarm clock in the room. For the base price of 90 euros (base price for a standard double), I had a large terrace with chairs and a table overlooking the back of the hotel. The back does not face a street rather other people's/other buildings backyards. Breakfast ticked all the boxes and was in a sleek, if not small room adjacent to their cafe - the latter which is accessible to the public. (They have a clever sliding door which separates the cafe from the breakfast room for hotel guests.) I imagine that later in the day the divider retracts in to the wall and the entire space is usable for the cafe open to the public.My only quip was that upon returning to the room for a bit after the midafternoon meal, the door was propped open. While I use the in-room safe for valuables such as passports and extra cash, I nonetheless typically put out the Do Not Disturb sign as I prefer the cleaning people not to enter the room as (1) I typically don't make much mess and (2) for security reasons. However, the cleaning people not only disregarded the do not disturb sign, but while they were cleaning they apparently used the deadbolt to leave the door propped open and then neglected to come by when they finished to close it. It was a bit unsettling to return to the room to find the door propped open. Luckily nothing was stolen, but I did go down to the front desk to comment to the staff (in Spanish). Seems the cleaning people were in the process of finishing for the day so the desk manager went with me to talk to them before they left. They admitted they went in despite the do not disturb sign being on the door as well as leaving the door open. The cleaning staff apologized as well as the desk staff. They hotel didn't do anything above and beyond that, but frankly I was just grateful that all was well, so no harm no foul. Luckily I returned during the day around when the lapse happened as who knows what could have been taken from the room had it been left open like that for hours? That could have been another story entirely.Due to the security lapse, I cannot give the hotel a glowing review, but all-in-all it was a very pleasant stay and you can't beat the price-quality ratio in what is THE neighborhood to stay in in Barcelona. I don't know if it will stay 90 euros for much longer, but I would even pay a bit more to stay here.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>DW1872
<Content>Outstanding Value This is a great Hotel in an ideal location. 5 minutes from the Metro and 10 minutes from Las Ramblas. Clean, great rooms, friendly staff, excellent breakfast, great shower! We couldn't fault the place and would definetley go back!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WendyAnneNZ
<Content>Great Room and Great Location I stayed here for a weekend break to Barcelona and I was really impressed. Hotels in Barcelona aren't cheap but I felt this offered value for money. We had a great room with a balcony and the double glazing meant we didn't hear any street noise - we both had an amazing sleep on the large and comfortable bed. The shower was fantastic and the staff were great. We didn't eat in the restaurant, but we did have drinks and cocktails and the service was really good. The location of this hotel is brilliant. It is on a quieter street, but within walking distance of central Barcelona. The only transport we used all weekend was our feet! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>A-mystery-guest
<Content>Highly recommendable I recently stayed in this hotel 5 nights: it was a pleasant surprise and I can highly recommend it! The staff: friendly, service-oriented and speaks English very well. Hotel and room were perfect: comfortable, modern and tastefully designed, good managable climate control. Location: perfect, not far from Plaza Catalunya and Passeig Gracia, and on the other hand located in a quiet and relaxing street (streetside room - nice view and no street noise at all). For the moment, the hotel offers no breakfast facilities, but there is a good alternative right next to the hotel. Easily worth 3-stars, would choose it again a next time. Some minor details that were missing: a placeholder in the shower where you can fixate the showerhead, some international TV-channels, a bigger or extra blanket.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sloe-eyed
<Content>Modern with Great Service Just got back from a weekend in Barcelona, and the Hotel Constanza was a winner! Clean and modern, with sleek decor and a lovely rainfall shower. Big balcony with seating. The location was good, three (long) blocks from Plaza Catalunya, so taking the Aerobus from the airport was cheap and convenient. Service was great, and a decent breakfast buffet is included in the price.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jerseycitygirl07
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Constanza We had a great stay at the Hotel Constanza. The room was modern, clean and spacious for European standards. We had a balcony that was huge! The location was great- very close to the subway. The staff were really helpful and very friendly. Overall, I would definitely recommend staying at Hotel Constanza.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jimbo305
<Content>Great Location, Great Place The Hotel Constanza was a struggle to find since the taxi driver was convinced that there was no hotel on Carrier de Bruc. However, once found the staff greeted us warmly and checked us into our room.Now the Constanza is currently under refurbishment hence the cheaper room rates but this did not intrude on our stay. The noise levels other reviews have mentioned were not as high as I anticipated ( maybe we were lucky and had free rooms on either side of ours) The room was very clean and had a contemporary feel to the decoration. The balcony was a nice touch and the staff were very helpful in bringing us an iron to the room.The only downsides were that the bathroom is very very small and its only really a shower rather than a bath shower combo, and the room was a twin room with two beds pushed together which was a slight dissappointment.The loation of this hotel is excellent with only a 10 minute walk to La Rambla and the Gothic region is only a 5 minute walk away.Taxi's to and from teh Port Olympic Beaches cost roughly EUR 5-6 although it is best to tell the drivers to drop you at the corner of Carrier de Brucc and Carrier De Casp.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>KimTin
<Content>Mixed feelings My Wife and I just came back from Barcelona.We had mixed feelings of our stay i this hotel.The staff members are all very nice and the check in and check out process went very smoothly. THey even uppgraded us to a Suite!We asked for some restaurant recommendations and the Tapas place just 15 minutes walk away was superb. However, on the other days they where not able to really give us any other recommendations than the restaurant located next to the hotel.The Suite was nice, clean and we had a huge patio too, but the patio should be equipped better and actually looked quite harsh.In our opinion this hotels downfall is that there is no sound isolation at all. Well we knew that there is a renovation on going in the hotel and that is somehow taken in concideration in room rates, but still the noise coming from the construction during business hours was unbearable. It was literarely like living in a major construction site. So sleeping late was impossible even with earplugs and spending timed during the afternoon in the hotel room was not really pleasant.Also in the evenings you could hear our neighbours a little too well and all sound from the corridor could be heard way too loud. It even bothered me and I would concider myself as a really heavy sleeper.I cannot see myself staying at this hotel atleast until the renovation has fully been completed.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>alok
<Content>good but.... first the good stuff,we arrived at the hotel at 8 30 in the morning from our cruise,the receptionist was very nice,intially no room available,we were told to wait till two but then they gave us the room in an hour,which was great.the location was fantastic. a 5 minute walk to city centre,bus turistic,and passage graciere the shopping hub and loads of restuarants....we had booked a suite,big room a rarity in europe,the washbasin was one of the smallest i have ever seen,the toiliteries very average even more for a suite.two shampoos that is it.no breakfast as renovation happening.the room lacks in ambeiance.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>mfreund72
<Content>Really Liked This Hotel! Hotel has good location, nice rooms, friendly staff, very modern and updated, good price, an over-all good experience. We emailed the hotel directly and received a decent pricing for a suite. Upon arrive the staff was friendly and continued that way through our three plus days. Rooms were big, clean, and updated. The hotel is located two/three blocks from the main square and a block from the Metro. The main district is in walking distance, plenty or stores, and places to eat. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good hotel with competitive price.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelgal76
<Content>Convenient Location, Good Value Hotel Constanza is 5-minute walk from Urquinaona Metro Station (exit Bruc). The street is lined with fashion boutiques, so the neighborhood becomes rather quiet at night because everything is closed. Our room was clean, modern, but small. In fact, we were given the smallest double room according to the hotel floor plan which was posted by the elevator. Since our window faced the side of another building, our room was on the dark side. Having said that, the convenient location and cleanliness of the hotel makes our stay a good value.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>sarah61
<Content>Great, stylish, central hotel. Good for all the sights. This hotel is amazingly good value, modern and really close to most of the main sights of Barcelona. Whilst our room was not huge it was very stylish - with a great bathroom! The room would not have been out of place in a 4 star hotel - much nicer than you would expect given the reasonable price tag. The reception staff were very helpful and gave us restaurant suggestions for the evenings. Ther only slight criticism of this hotel was the noise between rooms: you could hear other people's conversations at times. However, this was by no means a big problem. Overall a great small hotel, in a brilliant location. Would definitely recommend it if you''re planning a short break to Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Riever
<Content>Very stylish, quiet and convenient       More Gaudi 2  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>venicevic
<Content>Thin walls!! Good value rooms!! Pleasantly surprised by room size,not huge but adequate.Comfybeds and clean bathroom.What annoyed us was the noise levels from either side until the early hours,almost like they were in the room with you!! In a good location for seeing the sights.The hotel staff could do with brushing up on the surrounding area,as i asked directions to a well known restaraunt, and believe it or not the main bus station, and they could'nt tell me where either were.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>robinhood_x
<Content>Loved this hotel, excellant staff and nice district to stay in Fantastic hotel just north of the Gothic district of Barcelona. I can really recommend this hotel as a great base to explore Barcelona. Overall the staff are friendly and very helpful and the rooms lovely.Note: When we stayed they were re-developing most of the hotel which meant there was no restaurant/bar or breakfast offered, but the hotel offered an excellant rate to compensate for this. We were advised that we would not experience any noise and as we stayed over a weekend we did not expect any, however around 10am on Saturday morning some building work could be heard, however Sunday was very peaceful.LOOK  FEELThe hotel is set in a building that was built in the late 1800's, and has a very modern and stylish interior. This can come across as cold if your taste's are not for the very modern!.ENTRANCE  RECEPTIONThe entrance is of a quite street in the Eixample district, with large windows to the front and a large lobby area heading to the back of the building.As mentioned above the hotel has a very modern interior but is very stylish, and we were greeted by friendly and efficient staff on the front desk before being shown to our room.BAR  RESTAURANTAs mentioned before, the bar and restuarant were shut for re-development during our stay, so I can not comment on the facilities.For breakfast you can use the local cafe's or the local supermarket near-by (turn right out of the hotel and go down one block before turning left)BEDROOMThe bedroom was modern, clean and quite spacious. The hotel offers a variety of bedrooms, ours was the front with a small balcony (not big enough to sit on though). At the back I think there are bedrooms with a terrace.The bedroom had a double bed made of two single's (which is the norm for this hotel, ask for a double and they will make the two singles into a double for you). The bed was large and comfortable.The room had Air-Con (although the minimum temperature was 17c), a TV with all the usual spanish and a couple of english speaking channels (BBC World etc..), a minibar, desk and chair.Minibar prices were quite average for this class of hotel.Internet access was available, but I did not use this, instead as I needed to book some tickets, reception allowed me to use there computer and printer free of charge.BATHROOMThe bathroom contained a bath and shower in one, although the bath was rather small, the shower was good with excellant pressure and plenty of hot water.Usual supplies of a combined shampoo and shower gel were provided and were of a good quality.The hairdryer was in the bathroom and actually worked (my wife's normal complaint! considering she has long hair)Towels were ok (my usual complaint) if a bit on the small side again!LOCATIONIdeal for visiting the Gaudi designed buildings of Casa Batllo and the Sagrada Familia. The hotel is located in the Eixample district near a whole street of Tapa's bar's.Also you can walk from here to the Old town and Las RamblasPARKINGNot used so not sure if the hotel offers parking.OVERALLFriendly and helpful staff in a lovely building, with excellant access to all the site of Barcelona. If I am visiting again I would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pix1506
<Content>i love hotel constanza My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights for our honeymoon. We were quite surprised that the hotel was very accurate to its website! Everything about the hotel was perfect. The room was clean, the location was good...very quiet but still in walking distance from La Ramblas. The staff was very helpful and friendly. There was also a great restaurant next door called Timbaler...they make the best cafe con leche! Overall, i recommend this place to anyone taking a trip to Barcelona... you will not regret it!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrKoop
<Content>Very Nice Stay A simple and stylish place. I've read some of the negative reviews and must stay I can't agree. My wife and I spent five nice days in the city just before the holidays. We walked absolutely everywhere, and it was always nice to come back to our clean and tasteful room. Yes it's not an extra-large space, but it's hardly the tiny one some describe. I admit, I never ate the breakfast there, instead we went to one of the many neighborhood cafes within a few blocks. And it was convenient to a lot of attractions.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MoeJoeZ
<Content>Felt right at home!       Hotel Constanza  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>anya1114
<Content>Awesome Stay! My boyfriend and I (both early 20's) stayed at Constanza Hotel for 6 nights. I have nothing bad to say about it! It was perfect - location, decor, breakfast, service, and cleanliness! I loved this hotel and if I ever come back to Barcelona, I'm only staying there. Don't pass up this place, it's worth every penny!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>OldEnglishParis
<Content>Unbelievably Helpful Staff There are four reasons why - if went back to Barcelona - we would stay at the Constanza. First, the location: in a quiet street within 20 minutes' walk of half the tourist attractions, on bus routes taking you everywhere else, and only 10 minutes walk from the bus station for the airport at Gerona. Secondly, the comfort: we had an apartment on the top floor with a kitchen and a terrace - flooded with light, quiet at night, and lots of room to stretch in. Thirdly, the value for money: we paid 150 euros for the room - which may sound a lot, but by Barcelona standards is very reasonable for an apartment. Most important of all, the staff were unbelievably helpful to us when we were robbed on the first day of our stay. A sneak-thief stole my wife's bag in the Citadella park. We lost all our keys, our credit cards, our passports, our driving licences, and all our cash except for the euros 23 I had in my pocket. I've never felt so vulnerable in my life: in a foreign city, with no papers to cross the border or get on a plane, and not even the money to buy a meal, on a Saturday afternoon when every consulate and bank is shut. We had to report the loss to the Spanish police; we had to cancel our four credit cards; we had to get a friend (and subsequently our bank) to send us money through Western Union; we had to get emergency passports out of the French and British consulates when they opened on the Monday; we had to re-arrange the whole of our holiday, cancelling hotel reservations left right and centre; we had to make arrangements for a locksmith to meet us after we got back to Paris, to break into our flat; we had to do all this in something approaching a state of shock - and we had to keep on doing it, as it dragged on for day after day.To give you just two examples of the kind of problems we ran into. We nearly had to go straight home, abandoning our holiday, after the first Western Union branch we went to refused to give us the 5,000 euros my bank wired to them, because the bank omitted my middle name - a name I haven't used since birth, except to get a passport. Again, we had to re-arrange the whole of our holiday after Europcar refused to let me have me the car I'd reserved, because all I could produce was an emergency driving licence from the French consulate and not a full licence. Throughout the whole of this ordeal the staff at the reception at the Constanza could not have been kinder. Nothing was too much trouble. They phoned for us, they faxed for us, they looked things up on the web, they gave us excellent advice. Giselle contacted our other hotels for us, more than once; Alberto found us a train running from a station ten minutes' walk away (Passag dei Greicia) to a tiny station deep in the countryside about 5 or 6 kilometres from our next hotel near the monastery at Poblet; and Rheda - most marvellous of all - got a friend, the owner of a second Western Union branch, to let us have the money we needed to continue our holiday. And that was only the tip of an iceberg of help. I really can't express my gratitude to them. They rescued us from disaster.We realised - too late - that thefts from tourists have become a major industry in Barcelona. They have a special police station (in Plaza del Catalunya) entirely devoted to taking statements from tourists who have been robbed - the queues can be very long at peak periods; and when we got to the British and the French consulates we found half a dozen officials dealing with entire waiting-rooms full of victims with much more frightening stories to tell than ours. We never saw the thief who stole our bag; they were attacked. In one case the thieves ripped an elderly Irish lady's bag from her in the hall of the airport; in another the thieves punctured the tire of a car while the driver and his wife were in a restaurant; then they followed them on the motorway, and when they stopped in the emergency lane, they came up to them and offered to 'help' - the help consisting of stealing the wife's bag from the back seat. We also heard of false police-cars pulling cars over on the motorway, only to rob them. Highway robbery is alive and well on autoroutes in Catalunya - and the police seem quite unable to do anything about it.So: I'm not sure we'll go back to Barcelona, even if (in the end) we heard Rolando Villazon and Nathlie Dessayes sing Massenet's Manon at the Liceu, and we got to see the monastery at Poblet, something I've wanted to do for thirty years. But if we do go, you'll see why we will stay at the Constanza.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Migratory
<Content>Clean, contemporary, great location and nice staff My wife and I stayed at the Constanza for 2 nights in July. It was very easy to find and we were delighted by how clean and updated the hotel was. The front desk staff was very courteous and accomodating. We had a nice balcony overlooking the street below but we did not have any issues with noise from the street. Our bathroom was entirely constructed of marble and was quite exquisite. The bedroom itself was large and comfortable.The location is also ideal, with a quick walk to the metro and main shopping streets. We would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family and would stay there again next time in Barcelona. An affordable, wonderful find!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>N.Davies
<Content>I would return to the Hotel Constanza. Stayed at the Constanza mid July, which is not the cheapest time to visit Barcelona. Paid Euro170 per night, which was a room only rate. We had what they called an apartment on the top floor.The room was clean and bright with a sun terrace. The bathroom was spacious and there was a small area in the room with a fridge, kitchen cupboards, sink with worksurface and microwave.We tried breakfast on the first morning for convenience at Euro 6.00 per person, which was okay. Having then found our bearings we chose to have breakfast outside the hotel where there are plenty of options.The hotel is in the Exiample area of Barcelona, which we would personally recommend as the better area of the city. It is close to the Passage de Gracia and the Catalunya Rambla where there are plenty of shops, cafes and bars etc. Much better than the La Rambla area just south of Placa de Catalunya. You can walk to all the attractions from the hotel. The Gaudi houses and Sagrada Familia are very close. The staff at the hotel are very courteous and helpful. I would return to Hotel Constanza.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SafireDrms
<Content>Exactly What I wanted, and expected!       Second Room  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DMJackson
<Content>Very Nice Hotel. Spent 3 nights at Hotel Constanza as a surprise for my girlfriends 30th, it really is a lovely hotel, quite classy (to us anyway!) very clean and nice and quiet at night.The reception staff were extremely helpful with directions to bus stops and idea's for eating out etc..The room itself was immaculate, a little small maybe but we felt very comfortable and slept very well!!Within walking distance of the bus tours, La Ramblas and the main square, but far enough away to be quiet at night.Didnt bother with the breakfast as we wanted to try as many restaurants as poss in 4 days!Ive recommended Constanza to all my friends and anyone on here who's unsure where to stay, you definately won t be dissappointed with this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	3	

<Author>S2007
<Content>Great Hotel Hubby and I stayed at the Hotel Costanza for 4 days in June 2007 for a part of our honeymoon. We had a wonderful time in Barcelona and loved the Hotel Costanza. The hotel was close to main attractions but far enough from the hustle and bustle. The staff were friendly and helpful to answer any of the questions we had. Our room was great-top floor with the kitchen and terrace. We didn't notice any noise from our neighbours. A/c worked great, room was clean, comfy large bed, room decorated very nicely. Another great thing was the free internet connection the hotel offered. Loved this hotel and would return back!One word of caution-although the hotel is located in a quiter, safer area, please be careful with your belongings all the time even when walking around less busy areas...be alert at ALL times, especially women ie: I wouldn't carry a bag around. I will not go into details but take my word for it.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Debby_7
<Content>Loved the Constanza I spent 4 days in Barcelona staying at the Constanza Hotel, and it was a lovely experience. Since I was by myself, I stayed in a single room which suited me excellent. The room is very nicely furnished, in a very modern way which made it very pleasant to stay in. It is in the back of the hotel, which made it very quiet. The bed is super comfortable and after wearing myself out walking all day it was a pleasure to come back to. The bathroom is beautiful and the people at the desk were extraordinary - I would like to praise both Albert who had the patience to sort out train schedules for me and Giselle whose warmth and welcoming smile made my stay at the hotel feel real good. And the hotel is just about 5 minutes from Place de Catalunya, but on a very quiet street in a safe neighborhood. I would definitely recommend Constanza to anybody going to Barcelona.DebbyJerusalemIsrael  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anjemouse
<Content>Good Location, Central Yet Quiet. Winning combination. Stayed here for a long weekend with my partner. Was intending to do a little sightseeing, catch up with friends who live in Barcelona and do a little travelling. This was my 5th trip to barcelona and wanted something central but quiet. Previously had stayed at hotels off ramblas, but found them to be noisy although well placed. Had also stayed near segrada familia (a bit less central) and west of the port (quite a walk back to bars/shops).Hotel constanza is about 3 roads north of placa de catalunya. So a bit quieter than staying right on the rambles but still very central. We had an apartment room as all the normal rooms were booked. Paid 150 Euros plus 7% tax. Booked directly with the hotel by emailing them, they have a home page. Room was very large, sub divided into a lounge bit and bedroom with a sliding door. A large terrace (nice but not with a good view) and large bathroom which had a big shower. The bed was massive. Another sliding door separated the kitchen facilites, with microwave, sink, hob, but there were so many cheapish bars/restaurants nearby we ended up eating out. I recommend the hotel, its a good base, and the staff are wonderful. The room is all that you need it to be, and most importantly you can sleep without being disturbed by poor noise insulation.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pontia
<Content>What's the fuss about? I did a lot of research before booking a hotel in Barcelona. I read so many great reviews about Hotel Constanza and its location, that I booked it right away. Honestly, I don't see what everyone was talking about. It's a small, modern boutique hotel with not the most convenient location. The rooms are VERY small, the sink in our room was SO incredibly small and impractical that we ended up washing out hands in the bidet!!! Be careful if you get an extra bed in the room. I'm only 5'4 and my feet were hanging off the bed!! The location is very residential, no real restaurants or cool places nearby. For excellent location and good accomodations, try Hotel Gaudi. For a REALLY nice, modern hotel try Hotel Condado.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>fotodok
<Content>Fine, stylish reasonably priced boutique hotel Very friendly, extremely accommodating hotel that is centrally located in the Eixample. The room was small but modern and very clean. Everything worked! The staff worked extra hard to provide us a dairy free breakfast. They helped us with a minor medical problem as well. The rate was extremely reasonable in this very popular city. I wish they had special arrangements for parking as the covered parking garage nearly was quite expensive.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>slrnyc
<Content>Clean, comfortable, great experience! I stayed here on my first trip to Barcelona and think it is excellent for a first time traveler to Barcelona without much of an idea where to stay. It is walking distance to basically anywhere you want to go. The people who run the hotel could not have been nicer. It isn't luxury, but it is extremely clean, the fixtures are new, and it was very comfortable. We opted to spend a little more for the larger room and it was definitely worth the few extra euros.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtn76
<Content>Great boutique hotel! We booked our stay directly with the hotel for 3 nights. We had a suite and could not be happier. The rooms in Europe are very small so the suite was worth the extra space, especially if you have large luggage. Included was a desk and mirror which doubled as a vanity table. We followed other TA advice and ate elsewhere for breakfast. Some had complained of noises in reviews but we must have been lucky, we never had any noise problems, except for water running. Plus: Staff extremely friendly, very helpful. We wanted to go see the Monsterrat w/o paying the tour fees and giving up our whole day, the staff went out of their way to help us they found out we could take train + railway there directly and for so much cheaper ( 12.60 Euros pp RT) ride took 1 hour one way.Safe area, close by to everything but far from noise. Room was very clean. Cons: No internet unless you have laptop, but internet around the corner at a copy center ( 24 hours during weekdays) its $1 EURO for each half hour and 0.50 for the card. So 2.50 Eu for 1hour. Bed was comfortable, we had a queen but it really was 2 twins put together so you could feel the divider a little bit. Shower had half door which is normal over there. No english channel on TV, CNN international was not working. Spanish music channel was not working either, no clock or radio inside room.Hints: Bring your own converter + transformer hotel had converter but staff didn't know which one to use. Bring hotel address with you to give to taxi, we had no issues but was told by frontdesk there is another Hotel Constanza in Barcelona not related to this one so taxi have been getting guests to the wrong hotel. Grocery store nearby if its closed there's a large one on Las Ramblas (Carrefour) Buy your water and candy as gifts here.Tiny minibar ,we had large water and rearrranged the fridge to fit it in and no one gave us problems.We recommend the Tourist bus where you can get on and off, its 23 Eu pp for 2 days we thought it was well worth it. Just keep track of the last bus. It was still light out at 8pm so its easy to lose track of time. It includes a coupon book which helps. Must do: Ride the funicular de Montjuic amazing view of city/coastline use coupon in booklet. Well worth every penny. Funicular to the port from Columbus not worth it. Don't eat at El Glop down Casp st. unless nothing else is opened. It was ok but there's much better.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DaniKevMig
<Content>Nice room, great location, good value The hotel is very modern and we had a great updated room. We paid about 140 euros, but in comparison to other hotels this was a very good price. The breakfast was okay, nothing great. The staff was very helpful and friendly.The location is very good, out of the noise, but only a 10 minute walk to Las Ramblas.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>nini74
<Content>Another good find on Tripadvisor! The Golden Girls were set free again, this time in Barcelona! For those who don't know, The Golden Girls (all 61 years young) are my mum, and aunties Wendy and Dianne. I'm just the PA! BookingBooking the Constanza for the girls was easy. When I originally wrote, I received a reply immediately informing me that the Constanza would be undergoing a face lift and would not be available for my requested dates. I carried on looking at other hotels but it was hard to forget the Constanza as it had been my favourite from day one all those months ago in November 2006. At the beginning of 2007, out of the blue, I received an email from the Constanza with the good news that they would be able to accommodate the Girls! Yippee! From then on it was just a case of getting the right room. We had read, on TA, about an apartment style room with a kitchenette but we were not sure if it would be big enough for 3 adults. I received helpful emails from Mariana, Samuel and Alberto. Mam even made a phonecall to Samuel to pass on her card details (I don't like emailing credit card details) and to enquire about the kitchenette room 605.I emailed again just before their departure date to let the hotel know their ETA at the hotel only to be reassured by the hotel that they were waiting for the Girls and that I need not worry. TaxiI had asked the hotel about booking a taxi to pick them up from the airport (as we had done in Roma), but they kindly informed me that it would be quicker and cheaper just to get an airport taxi. They did this and it seemed to be the best option. A 20 minute ride costing 20 euros (they left 25 euros to include a tip) found them outside the hotel with ease! StaffThey wheeled into reception and were given a warm welcome. They took the lift to their room. They struggled with the safe at first but then a phonecall down to reception sent help on the way. Mum said that there was usually just one person in reception so any calls away from the desk resulted in the front door being locked, for safety I suppose. So don't panic if you get there and the main front door is locked. Someone will be with you soon!All the staff were computer literate. Maps were quickly printed out as well as restaurant reviews and directions. Mum forgot to ask the name of the 'breakfast lady', she was very helpful and would make tea if requested, however, the coffee was good with a very adequate continental breakfast.BreakfastCoffee, hot milk, tea, fresh orange juice, tropical juice, hot chocolate. If in doubt, ask!Cereals, fresh fruit, cheeses, meats, tomatoes, fresh bread and cut bread for toast, chocolate cake, croissants and chocolate croissants, egg frittata. Room The room was big enough for three adults. They had a roof top balcony with table and 2 chairs and a stool, no bird poo! There was no street noise at the back of the hotel. The black out blinds are a brilliant and very thoughtful idea. The beds were comfy and wide. The third bed was just as comfy but a bit lower. They just heard the people next door going out in the morning, no ear-plugs needed.Rooms cleaned everyday, and given fresh towels daily too. Very good decor throughoutKitchenette was clean and handy. There was no kettle (use a pan) but a stove top neapolitan coffee maker. A fridge (also with minibar), 2 hot plates and a microwave! 2 of everything else, glasses, cups etcLocationExcellent.Easy walking to Placa Catalunya, the hub of all things. They even made their own way to Monserrat for 19 euro!Value for money180 euro for the room per night + I booked a 6 euro breakfast for 3 adults 5 mornings + 7% tax = great value!EatingJust ask the staff for suggestions. Plenty of tapas bars around and nice Thai rest at the top of the block. They liked Origens 99.9 the best. The one beside the gorgeous Basilica de Santa Maria del Mar. Well, I think I've overheated the keyboard!The Girls would love to go back to the Constanza.Great find, thanks TA and TA members, and of course, the Constanza and your excellent staff!nini (Mam's PA!)  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fortharmony
<Content>Incompetency! On the surface, this place looks like one of those stylish boutique hotels. But when you get right down to it it's an over-priced poser. Sure it seems to have all of the modern conveniences but it's the kind of place where they charge 160 euros for a so-called apartment without a bathtub and views of endless TV antennas and pigeon droppings on the filthy patio furniture. Although, this place claims it is under renovation we were disappointed that for such a high-priced room we noticed dirty furniture and bedding that was torn in some places. Occasionally the entire building smelled like a sewer 鈥?who knows why! They have the gall to charge 6 additional euros for a non-complimentary and very mediocre breakfast. I noticed that another reviewer mentioned the computer illiteracy of the staff and I would have to agree. Anything out of the norm with respect to booking was a blast back to the era of the typewriter and candlelight. Sure if you're looking for a relatively clean modern looking place and don't mind spending a lot of money 鈥?this is the place for you. However, use Hotel Constanza as a last resort.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tulsau
<Content>Great Place to stay Our stay was wonderful. The hotel has a very good location and a great staff. We stayed in a suite for 140Euro/night. The price was a little high but most of Barcelona is expensive. The rooms were tastefully decorated and very clean. I do agree that the walls are very thin. You can hear everything going on in the room next door. But it still wasn't that bad. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>slctravelers
<Content>Just What We Were Looking For in Barcelona We stayed in Hotel Constanza one night before a Seabourn cruise. We took Eurobus to Pl. Catalunya and walked about six minutes to hotel at 8 a.m. Staff was very friendly, confirmed our reservation, and provided a place to store luggage until check in at 2. The double room was clean and of average European size. We were not bothered by noise some have mentioned. The location is really unbeatable - a pleasant walk to all the places we wanted to see. We ate breakfast at little cafes near by and the hotel recommended a great restaurant for dinner. A taxi to the pier was 12 euro. This hotel is a great value in a wonderful city.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nmp14
<Content>Good choice for central location Clean with nice decor and reasonably large rooms. Excellent location about 10- minutes walk from Barri Gothic and 15minutes from the SAngria Familia.The hotel is great as a base base to visit the sites or even if you are there on business ( free internet connection) . However there are few facilities outside the room and the food (breakfast only) is very limitted in range and quality- for 6 euros you would be much better visitting on of the many local cafes.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>skarry76
<Content>Great Value in Barcelona The rooms are small, but this hotel is a great value for the price --hip, modern design and great location.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PeepsPiper
<Content>Service was great Tend to agree with the most recent reviews, although would have to say that the service was friendly, helpful and efficient! Decor is nice, fresh and contemporary but yes, a bit cold due to marble flooring with no carpet/rugs to insulate - this also means you can hear a lot of noise through the walls but in saying that the hotel didn't seem to attract party animals. We stayed on the street side on the first floor above the hotel entrance and every time the automatic door opens and closes there is a loud grating noise which is really annoying. Would recommend others ask not to be placed there. Breakfast is good value, location is good. We booked a double bed but were placed in a room with 2 very small single beds. Also really annoying but we couldn't be bothered complaining or moving so that was our problem. Note that they say they have wireless internet but they don't, although they will provide a cable. They also say they have English TV channels, which we were advised weren't working when we stayed. All in all, despite these things the friendly staff and the decor kept us happy but had that not been the case then we could have been quite disappointed at 120 euro a night.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EternalNomad
<Content>Solid Choice for Barcelona As a frequent traveler I've used the Trip Advisor website a lot and have found the reviews to be pretty accurate. Therefore, I felt compelled to post my review of the Hotel Constanza after my three day visit, which ended on April 2nd, 2007.The pluses: The hotel is in a good, convenient, quiet location. It's two blocks up from the Urquinoana metro stop and not too far from the passeig de Gracia metro stop. In about ten minutes, you could walk to the Plaza de Catalunya and begin your stroll down Las Ramblas (although I recommend the El Born district for cool restaurants, good atmosphere, and beautiful women). I was travelling solo but opted to stay in a suite, which is basically a normal hotel room in the US. Comfortable beds, internet access (not wireless, you need a cable), very clean and modern rooms, cold, marble floors. Even if you stay on the street the external noise factor is minimal, as this area of the lower Eixample is pretty quiet. Nice botique restaurants are all around should you not want to travel far for a meal or glass of wine. The breakfast (6 Euros) is basic: yogurt, cereal, pastries, coffee, OJ (no eggs or hot foods). Service is very cordial and helpful. The vibe here is couples, 30's  40's, doing their thing, coming back for a good night sleep.The minuses: Not many, but there's one major: Bring ear plugs to sleep (or keep them from your flight). The modern hotel theme, with marble/concrete floors means every room is a theatre for the entire floor. I can hear every word of my neighbors soft-spoken conversation, every door closed, toilet flushed, etc. and I knew they could hear me. My neighbors were pretty quiet, but I could imagine if Mr. and Mrs. Loud Talker checked in. I doubt you'll have to worry about the late night return of the party crew at this hotel, but that would be worse.There are probably better places to stay (like on Rambla de Catalunya above Via de les Corts), but I have to give this hotel its props. Take it for what its worth, the advice from a mid-thirties bachelor (on a half business, half vacation trip) who likes the adventure and late nights, but needs a little more rest and recovery time than I did 10 years ago.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NatalieF
<Content>No Hot Water/Heating for 36 hours! Just returned from a weekend staying in the Hotel Constanza - and what a nightmare it was! Checking in was painful, took 30 mins and 3 reception staff! We had booked an apartment on the 6th floor. Was firstly given room 602, but this has a huge wall, blocking any view that you get from the terrace, so we asked to move to another room and was given 601.On the face of it, the room was bright, clean and modern. The bed is tiny - not even a standard double (4'6 in uk terms) and the bathroom no tub - which is vital after a hours pounding the streets of Bacelona.!But these were the least of our worries! We then found out, that evening that the hot water and heating system had broken down! After travelling from London at 4am, this wasn't ideal! It then took then 36 hours to get the systems working again! We had 4 blankets on the bed that evening to sleep, as the room was so cold!! As the hotel was fully booked, they couldn't offer us another room. So I had to result to boiling water on the hob in the mini kitchen and pouring this in the sink! Not ideal when your paying 鈧?50 a night! As I result of this, they offered us 20% off the room rate - which was embarassing and a free breakfast which was terrible anyway! The rooms are not well soundproofed, you can hear people walking around the corriders, and also the other rooms using there showers/toilets etc... None of the English TV channels work, which isn't a huge issue, but if you like to catch on the news etc, your out of luck! The area surrounding the hotel is safe, and about 10 mins walk from Plaza Catalunya, and Passig de Gracia. There isn't much around the hotel but the Thai restaurant at the end of the road is amazing! Best Thai food I have eaten! All in all, this hotel struggled to live up to the other reviews that I had read and I was very disappointed! I would rather spend the extra 鈧?0 and stay at the Hotel 1898 in a standard room!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>TamLeamingtonSpa
<Content>Great Location            
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Justino
<Content>Noisy! Having just returned from staying one night at this hotel I felt the need to give an honest opinion about it. Given the fabulous reviews most people have given I felt quite confident about booking this place. It was easy enough to find(although none of the locals had heard of it) and first impressions were good - trendy smart reception area, smooth background music, comfy leather furniture etc. Our room was a studio apartment on the 6th floor with a large roof terrace(the main reason for booking).The immediate impression of the room was quite good - modern,light but a somewhat cold feeling.We had asked for a double bed - it looked tiny and felt like a large single( no good if you happen to be 6 feet tall and used to king size! During the day the room seemed OK and not too noisy, but at night the traffic droned on and on and on and on!!! Also our tiny bed was next to some crucial plumbing and I was woken everytime anyone in the hotel used their bathroom.I found it impossible to sleep because of the noise and spent the night tossing and turning in the tiny bed with a cheap mattress.I was consequently too tired to appreciate Barcelona the next day and resented parting with 140 euros when for 拢15 I had a great sleep at the Stansted airport`s new Travellodge! The staff were also incompetent and frosty (it took over 30 minutes to check out because the receptionist was obviously computer illiterate. In short this place is mutton dressed as lamb and I wouldn`t even rate it as a 1 star hotel.What a rip off!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>tripadvjunkie
<Content>Enjoyable First Trip to Barcelona at Hotel Constanza Great hotel, central location. We booked a suite Jan/Feb, 2007, and were very happy. Room and bathroom were large, quiet and clean. There is a large balcony with chairs and table off the suite. Would be splendid in warmer weather. Hotel staff was consistently friendly and helpful. Breakfast was nice if typical. A great deal for the amount we paid.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrendanWakefield
<Content>Great hotel and location stayed at the Constanza for a weekend over the 23rd Feb.It is very clean and well looked after, the staff are very friendly but we did not bump into them too much as we were out and about in the city. The room was very nice with a large bathroom, comfy bed and loads of room.This hotel is ideally situated to walk to all the main places of interest, it is also only 5 mins walk to Placa Catalunya where you can hop on and off the Tourist Bus. I would highly recommend the tourist bus as a way to get to see all the sites that are not within walking distance. Park Guell and Segrada Famillia are a must.Suberb Thai restaurant only 30 seconds walk away and the Casa Calvet is 30 seconds the other way. A couple of bars nearly by but not too much going on there, there is a square on the way to the Place Catalunya where there are a few decend bars.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Gole_G
<Content>Nice Hotel in the Middle of Barcelona My wife and I spent three nights at the Constanza in early December 2006, as part of our honeymoon trip to Spain and Portugal. The hotel is conveniently located around four blocks north-east of Plaza Catalunya. The closest metro stop is two blocks south at Plaza Urquinaona. The hotel has a warm feeling and the rooms are comfortable. I wrote about a week before our trip to get a double bed instead of two single beds and they complied. Our room had a small balcony facing the street, which was a nice detail. The staff was always friendly and responded to our requests. The toiletries provided by the hotel were rather basic, so I would recommend bringing your own. We paid around 115 USD per night, including taxes, which I consider a good price for what we received. Overall, the Constanza is a good hotel choice in Barcelona. I would stay there again without a problem.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>turkey
<Content>A great find! Like many of you I found this hotel on Tripadvisor and have no complaints at all.The paperwork stated check in was from 2pm, we arrived in Barcelona at about 10am and went directly to the hotel to leave our cases and go for an explore before the room was ready.Upon arrival at Constanza the friendly receptionist said our room was ready and we had been upgraded to a suite. The room itself was immaculate with patio doors leading onto a terrace with table and chairs. (I have stayed in other Barcelona hotels, all of which have been dearer than the Constanza, but none of which met the same standards)The reception staff were always willing to help whether it be with suggestions on where to eat, and they were also more than happy to keep our cases in a safe room when we checked out of the room as our flight was not until the evening.Breakfast was as you would expect in any European hotel of this standard. ie coffee, juice, croissants, cheese, meats etc. Not 5* but quite sufficient.Even if you spent a great deal more on your hotel you would be hard pushed to beat Hotel Constanza. Only 5-10 mins walk to Ramblas and Barri Gothic so the location could not be faulted, and as others have stated at least you could get a good nights sleep which would not be the case if you stayed in a hotel on the Ramblas.Value for money alone it has to be given a 5 out of 5. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glynnhesel
<Content>Great location and Good Value Just returned from a three night saty at the Constanza and found it to be very good value. The location is excellent being close to the centre but not in the very busy Rambas zone. The staff were very firendly and helpful. We would return here without hesitation.One travel tip re the Barcelona Card. Think about whether you will be able to get full value from the card as although the discounts on entrance fees are reasonably generous the fees themselves tend not to be very high. We paid 48 euros for 2 x two day cards and we would have been better off simply paying as we went along. Might be worth it if you are planning to make extensive use of the transport systems. We did not.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LiverpoolSongbird
<Content>Great Location! This hotel is in an ideal location as you can walk virtually everywhere! The room was a bit on the small side but very clean, modern and excellent value. However, the only problem I found with this hotel is that it is very noisy. The noise is not from the outside but can clearly hear people in the corridors and in the next room to you. However, I have to admit the everything else about the hotel is excellent, in particular the staff. I found that when searching on the internet the rooms were fully booked so I went straight to the hotel and booked it for an even cheaper price. Barcelona is a beautiful city and well worth a visit, one warning though, If you visit the food market on La Ramblas dont be tempted like me to buy sweets and nuts as they are VERY expensive! They look very appealing but they can obviously see the tourists coming. We paid 50 euros for 2 bags that were not even half full (stupid, I know) and walked away in shock thinking that we were definately ripped off!!!! Overall, we had a fantastic time and recommend visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Boet
<Content>Book a Suite. The location of this hotel is very good, but the standard double rooms are very noisy. Bus stop just in front of hotel. I upgraded to a suite (the suites are located in the back of the hotel) after one night.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rob1959
<Content>Contemporary and comfortable We have recently returned from an excellent stay at the constanza.The hotel is modern and contemporary, the rooms large enough and comfortably furnished and the staff were friendly and efficient. The hotel, suprisingly, was quiet on our arrival and we were lucky enough to receive an upgrade to a suite....nice touch. Prices were very reasonable by booking through the venere website. On top of all this location is excellent, walking distance from the bus station ( where those travelling on the ryanair bus from gerona will arrive). centrally placed for walking into the bars and restaurants of the Born/barri gothic areas and equidistant in the opposite direction to the architecture of Eixample. All in all an excellent choice.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nysingle
<Content>Five star budget hotel If there is such a thing as a five-star budget hotel, the Hotel Constanza is it. Stayed there this week (Jan. 07) for 60 euro a night. That is less than many Motel 6 locations, for the folks in the U.S., and this hotel is in the middle of Barcelona, not the boonies.The room was nice, spacious, and beautifully furnished, as nice as or nicer than some Hiltons / Westins / etc. The staff was attentive and very helpful. The location, for me, was perfect. There are several Metro stops nearby, including Catalunya, Passeig de Gracia, and Girona, all of which are within a 5-10 minute walk. It's easy to get to with luggage from the airport or Barcelona-Sants (train sta.).It is within walking distance to ALL the sights except for Parc Guell. Catalunya / Ramblas is about 10 minutes away, Passeig de Gracia (Discordia, Pedrera) is about 10-15 minutes away, and Arc de Triomf, Ciutadella, Barri Gothi, and the Montjuc funicular are a little bit farther, but still walkable.There are many good places to eat nearby (though somewhat touristy) and several supermarkets, groceries, bakeries, and fast food joints. I liked Tapa Tapa and Fraggi (delicious, pricy ice cream) on P. de Gracia, and there are two all-you-can-eat joints nearby (FresCo and Lactuca) if you're into that sort of thing. For what it's worth, food is relatively cheap in Spain, and the difference between all-you-can-eat and a regular joint isn't that much, with a step up in food quality / selection; but if you're really really hungry, it may be worth it. There is an Internet place two blocks away if you don't bring your laptop with you.All in all, two big thumbs up, and without a doubt, would stay there again. Given the value, this hotel should be listed #1.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>turistola
<Content>Great location Very nice small boutique hotel in the centre of Barcelona. Perfect location for almost everything. Nearest tube station a 2 min walk , 5 min to Catalunya.Friendly and very helpful staff.I had a single room, nice furnished with a lovely stylish bathroom.Free internet access are available (cable)Will stay here again.-higly recommended  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dublinadvisor
<Content>Very nice friendly hotel - go for it! We spent two nights at the Constanza in early December. As we arrived there at 11.00am, our room wasn't ready (nor did we expect it to be) so we left our bags with the very friendly receptionist and headed off sightseeing.We returned later in the evening, collected our key and found our room was actually one of the apartments on the top floor of the annex beside the hotel. We had only requested a standard double room and were only charged for a standard room. The room itself was very nice, quite funky and minimalist with a very large balcony overlooking the street. The noise wasn't really a problem on the top floor. Behind a sliding door there was a little kitchen unit with hob, sink and fridge. Everything you would need infact. I remarked that it would be a fantastic apartment to rent for a week (but maybe not in December!!) The bed was comfortable and extra blankets were provided if necessary. We did actually find the room a little cold on arrival!!The bathroom was fine though small enough and open to the bedroom. The toilet itself was in a small separate room with no obvious ventilation which may cause problems! The shower however was fantastic! The apartment was spotlessly clean. We did notice that none of the English speaking television channels worked but we weren't there to watch TV so it wasn't an issue.We had breakfast at the hotel too for 鈧?.00 per head and it was perfectly fine. Cereals, toast, croissants, ham, tomatoes orange juice and coffee were all available.Saves the bother of having to go find somewhere if you are on a tight schedule! The breakfast area is on the ground floor just beyond the lobby.We found the hotel very easily and its just under a 10 minute walk to Plaza Catalunya. Infact it was also very convenient for the Barri Gothic area and for anywhere else after that if you are fond of walking. Its not that far from La Sagrada Familia either!!All in all , it was great value for money, good location and staffed by very friendly guys and girls! I would strongly recommend the Constanza.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pattra
<Content>Great value for money               More photos  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Export_Sales_Manager
<Content>Quiet!! I recommend this hotel, if you need a simple, clean, freindly hotel. Being near to a Metro station makes it useful too. I asked for a quiet room and got one looking inside which was peacefully quiet. A rare thing in Barcelona. Smallish room and bathroom, very basic breakfast for 6 鈧?. So if you are American and want lots of space and lots of ameneties, maybe not your choice. But for me on business it was perfectly adequate ( including internet connection and a good working air conditioning ) - and as said, there are dozens of higher-priced hotels in Barcelona where you cannot sleep for the traffic noise.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>a9zn
<Content>A Steal! Great location. Short walk to everything. Hotel room is small but modern, has both TV  fridge.However, most of the reviews were written by couples. I, as a single traveler, had a slightly different experience. My room, 104, faces the elevator, despite my request for a quiet room away from the elevator  noise, can hear everyone's footsteps coming in  out of the hotel, especially at 2 am in the morning.If you're single, request room 111, which is on the other side of the floor, hence less foot traffic. Couples should request any of the 4 double rooms that come with a terrace.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dipdop
<Content>Great       room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pint_of_lager
<Content>Fab three days at the Hotal Constanza The Hotel Constanza is just the sort of place that my wife and I love: simple, elegant design and completely chinz-free. And good value, too. The location is excellent: away from the worst of the tourist hubbub, but still central. In fact, one of Barcelona's finest restaurants, Casa Calvet, is literally just around the corner. When we wanted to book, all the double rooms were full so we were offered one of the rooftop 'apartments' at a reduced rate. It's well worth the extra cash: if the weather's good (as it was for us, even in late November) the terrace is a big bonus 鈥?perfect for pre-dinner drinks. And the kitchen area was ideal for making snacks or breakfast (the latter costs extra). There's a modest supermarket just around the corner, so you can stock up the fridge with chorizo and cava. In conclusion, it's a great base from which to explore this fabulous city. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>WalesTraveller
<Content>Friendly, stylish hotel in quiet location We recently stayed here for 3 nights in an apartment with its own terrace (all the standard, double rooms were booked). As most people have commented, the hotel is very modern, stylish and the staff very helpful. The apartment itself was quite spacious although the bathroom didn't have a bath tub (it would have been nice to have a soak after a long day of walking!). Our terrace area was quite nice to enjoy a drink and to relax. The breakfast, at 6 euros pp, is definitely worth having . However, unlike others who have reviewed the hotel, we thought the location of the hotel was a little from the main centre. The area itself is nice enough, but there didn't appear to be many restaurants or bars nearby, so we had to walk a little distance for a wider selection. It is fairly close to the metro station though, and also to the two Gaudi buildings on Passeig de Gracia. Overall, it is very reasonably priced compared to other hotels in Barcelona and we had a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MidSussex
<Content>Super hotel We stayed at the Constanza for two nights in late November and thought it was a great hotel. Room 102 was spacious and beautifully decorated with a lovely sitting area and small patio. The location is very quiet but only a short walk to the metro and the centre of town. Breakfast is a good value option with unlimited coffee, bread, cheese, ham, pastries etc. Staff excellent. Only downsides were no facility for making a drink in your room and no room service either plus no english channels on the tv but these are minor points for an otherwise very good hotel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>amybatt
<Content>Absolutely fabulous I spent two weekend nights here in early November. This hotel is a gem. The location is excellent. It's in an extremely quiet residential neighborhood. I could walk to the subway within 5 minutes and Placa Catalunya in just a little more time than that. Barri Gotic is just on the other side of Placa Catalunya. So, in a word, it's convenient.The hotel is immaculately maintained. It has a fresh, clean, modern decor and it is kept exceptionally clean. The rooms were tidy and always cleaned when I returned at the end of the day. My room was a single across from the elevator, yet I heard absolutely no noise overnight at all.The staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was extensive and a good deal for 6 euros.I can't provide enough positive feedback to do this hotel justice -- I had absolutely no complaints and will recommend it heartily to anyone headed to Barcelona in the future.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>gordonbs
<Content>The Constanza is excellent The Hotel Constanza is excellent and I would recommend staying here. Our room was immaculate, the staff very friendly and helpful and the location ideal, just 3 blocks from Gracia. We chose an apartment (for 3) which is worth the extra cost, and good value at 170euros per night. The room (No 605) is large, bed is huge, includes a large terrace and a small kitchen area with fridge, microwave and hob. There is a supermarket nearby for wine or breakfast goodies, the hotel buffet breakfast is good at 7 euros, or there are plenty of cafes nearby to have breakfast. The Timbaler next door is very friendly and great at any time of the day, with tables on the street or inside. The hotel is planning a major development between Christmas and the beginning of the 2007 season, to include a swimming pool.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bedfordians
<Content>Great hotel Just returned from a great stay at Hotel Constanza. Excellent facilities and location - just minutes from La Ramblas, metro stops and supermarket/convenience store. Rooms were extremely clean, very comfortable beds and good breakfast. Travelling with 2 teenagers who thought it was the best hotel they had stayed in yet. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>djvoltron
<Content>excellent!       nice bed  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madridtripper
<Content>Fantastic Barcelona Hotel LOCATION: The nearest metro stop is Urquinaona, which is a 3-4 minute walk from the hotel. You can also walk to Placa Catalunya in about 6-7 minutes. There is a convenience store called Tete Tata about a 5-minute walk away and there are many restaurants within a 5-minute walk away.ROOMS: So lovely. The decor is modern, hip, and minimalist. The furniture and fixtures are very new. We stayed in a suite with a patio. The room was very clean and the air conditioning worked in full force. STAFF: On the whole, very helpful. One guy who generally worked during the day had a little bit of an attitude, but the guy who worked nights was very, very helpful and nice.NOISE: Shouldn't be a problem. We didn't hear street noise and only heard other guests infrequently. INTERNET: I believe that there was free wireless in the rooms.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bbtmom
<Content>Trendy, nicely appointed, great location Stayed here for four nights in September. The location of the hotel is great. Location is quiet, on a side street but only couple blocks away from all the major activities.Room is nice and spacious (we had a suite). The decor looks like something out of Pottery Barn. The bed is very comfortable. Sleeps three (we have a five year old child) comfortably.The staff was very helpful. If I have to complain about one thing, it would be the complimentary soap and shampoo the hotel provided. But all you need to do is bring your own and that solves the problem.For 140 Euros, it was a GREAT deal! I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>spinches
<Content>a funky gem My boyfriend and I just returned from a lovely three day stay at Hotel Constanza in Barcelona. The hotel is in a perfect location, the staff are friendly and helpful, the place is funky and hip. It definitely amazing value for your money. I would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LaFlummery
<Content>WONDERFUL HOTEL and can't be beat for the money! We stayed here upon returning to Barcelona after an earlier stay at the Camper Hotel. I loved the Camper Hotel and its neighborhood, but I have to say we also loved Hotel Constanza. The staff were super helpful. We were allowed to check in early as our rooms were ready. The rooms were perfectly appointed. My sister and her family stayed in a larger, deluxe room that had a gorgeous patio. They didn't leave for the rest of the day!We were centrally located - near plenty of restaurants and walking distance to fantastic shopping. And although we loved the free snacks and breakfast at Camper, for half of the price of a night's stay, we could just as happily get our own snacks and breakfast. If I was just looking for a nice, comfortable, fairly luxe hotel for a great price, I would definitely stay here.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>wombat36
<Content>A Very Handy Boutique Hotel Stayed four nights in this small Boutique Hotel in August. Room excellent. Had balcony/patio. Close to all tourist needs including La Ramblas, Gaudi Houses, eating places abound. Staff very helpful. An ideal hotel in Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>astevens
<Content>Highly recommended Visited Barcelona for 3 nights in August and stayed at Hotel Constanza. Highly recommended. Hotel very central in quiet street - 5 minute walk to Ramblas. Taxi from airport cost 30 euros each way. We booked an apartment direct with the hotel which was large, modern and clean with tv, sofa, desk and kitchenette. Buffet breakfast every morning set us up for the day. Would stay at this hotel again. Top tip - book an apartment with balcony.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>StevenAllen
<Content>Great location; great value We stayed at the Constanza for five nights in mid-July. The Constanza has an ideal location, near the intersection of Passeig de Gracia and Gran Via. This puts you within walking distance of the Barri Gotic, Born, and Eixample. We are big walkers, so we also trekked to the Sagrada Famila and the beach. The room was very nicely appointed and spacious; we had a sixth floor efficiency with an outside terrace. We also enjoyed the breakfast buffet at a reasonable 6 euros a head. This is not a full-service hotel with a restaurant, room service, concierge and name-brand toiletries. But it more than met our needs at a very reasonable price. A special bonus is that it is just around the corner from Casa Calvet, a very special restaurant in one of Gaudi's creations!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Motienko
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel at Affordable Price Have just spent the last weekend of July in this great hotel and can't praise it enough: the location is perfect without being overcrowded and noisy (just 5 minutes walk from Pg Gracia with its fancy boutiques and Gaudi's masterpiece, La Pedrera, and 15 minutes walk from the Ramblas); the room and the bathroom are spacious, beautiful and comfortable; the decor is fashionable but not cold; the hospitality is of highest standard (Claire and Alberto couldn't have been more welcoming and helpful). Not mentioning all those little bonuses - the private terrace, the WiFi in the room which works like a clock , the air-conditioning which was so good that it made me forget about the horrible heat outside, the cool zen touches here and there, the decent breakfast ... all that at a very reasonable price. I have stayed in a number of hotels in Barcelona before, many of them were truly good, but I have no doubt about where to go during my next trip. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xp76er
<Content>Great things come in small packages I think it鈥檚 typical to expect less than top quality appointments in smaller hotel rooms. The Hotel Constanza is way above the norm here. The rooms here are appointed in travertine, marble, dark woods, and a leather headboard for two comfortable twin beds that can also be pushed together. Very clean hotel and individual rooms, pleasant multilingual staff, central location, and a very reasonable price all prove that great things do indeed come in small packages鈥?br/>  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rrrrbecca
<Content>Great Hotel! We were very happy with this hotel, which we stayed in for 3 days. We arrived early in the morning and the hotel staff were very accomodating in letting us securely store our luggage until a reasonable check-in time. While all hotels in Barcelona seem to be pricier than other areas of Spain, I thought that this hotel was a good combination of affordability, safety, and quality. We felt the hotel was safe, there is someone sitting at the reception at all hours. It is extremely clean, and as others have said, exactly as pictured/advertised on their website. The room was not spacious, as most aren't in Spain, but was very nice, and the beds were made to double beds as we'd requested. Unlike some other hotels, we couldn't even tell they were 2 beds put together. Everything was very clean, and the air conditioning worked well. If it seems loud- check the window- the cleaning service usually opened it a little when cleaning.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>galvirgo
<Content>Perfect location All of the previous reviews were correct - this was a very nice small hotel in a nice location in Barcelona. Stayed with my daughter and her friend (18 years old), so we had a suite with a terrace - really lovely and peaceful, yet we were also within a 15 minute walk to La Rambla and only a couple of blocks from some great Tapas resturants. Room was clean and the bathroom was pretty spacious.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>London34
<Content>Perfect We had a really nice stay at Hotel Constanza. Very comfortable room with a nice bathroom and lots of good storage. A massive bed. The location was great. Brilliant access to the Eixample with all of it's great architecture and also a five minute walk to the old town with it's bars and restaurants and fantastic atmosphere. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. Very good value indeed.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LynnieLondon
<Content>Exactly as described!! Have no problem recommending this hotel to any group on a hen party. 9 ladies away for three days of sightseeing and partying. The roof top apartments had already been recommended to us and we specifically asked for them. Each room had a large terrace with patio table and chairs, small (descreetly hidden) kitchenette with fridge for the champagne and olives. Desk service was polite and they helpfully booked our saturday evening restaurant in advance (a good idea with large numbers!).We didn't eat breakfast in hotel, but unlike other reviewers would not recommend the cafe on the corner next to the hotel (service was terrible and choice almost nothing).After too much champagne on saturday night, we took the open top bus tour around the city: a brilliant way to catch a glipse of everything in a short visit. I would definaltey come back to saty at this hotel with my husband, as in is so central.Also did not notice any problems with noise, but then it was probably us making it!!!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>smalltowncanada
<Content>A great stay at the Constanza Our first two nights in Spain were spent in the Hotel Constanza and what a great way to start a trip. The hotel was conviniently located close to the action of La Ramblas but away from the noise. We were in a room with a terrace, which was well worth the extra cost.The room was large and clean and the bed was very comfortable. Unlike most of the other hotels we stayed in, the Constanza had an broadband internet connection in the room. The terrace, while small and not particularly private (only a two foot high separating hedge from the terraces on either side) was quiet and comfortable.The hotel staff were cheerful, polite and very helpful and the breakfast buffet wasn't fancy but was perfect to start the day.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BinnyB
<Content>Great Small Hotel Stayed five nights at this wonderful boutique hotel. New chic-modern rooms and lobby. Super quiet location within 3 blocks of the metro and 4 blocks from the center of all tourist action. Loved the daily breakfast. Our rooms had terraces which were perfect for sipping Cava and writing postcards. Hotel staff was exceptionally helpful. Loved the Constanza.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ML_BV
<Content>Stylish and convenient This is a beautiful boutique hotel located in a very convenient spot. The Eixample is a perfect place to stay to visit Barcelona. Some streets around the Rambla and the Barri Gothic don't seem so welcoming at night and some old town streets are downright scary at any time of the day. You have to take the metro and travel all over the place to see the sights and the great architecture in Barcelona so there is not one perfectly central area to stay. The Hotel Constanza is modern, stylish and welcoming. Our room was small but very well appointed and beautifully decorated. The bed was perfect. The only service missing was access to an internet computer - this would be expected in a modern hotel. The front desk staff spoke English and was very friendly.There was a lot of street noise at times and earplugs are required. Barcelona is a huge, busy, bustling city so it is not surprising that most locations would get some of that noise. We passed on the buffet style breakfast because there is a nice and affordable place just on the street corner offering bocadillos and very good coffee. An overall great place to stay and I warmly recommend it.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chic, small, quiet, perfect. Hotel Constanza, Barcelona.Date: April 19-23 April.Reviewer: McRae-Durham, UKJust back from stay at the Constanza. Perfect small hotel, certainly met our exacting standards! We stayed in room 101, small suite with large terrace-perfect for quiet relaxation after hectic sight seeing, before going out to dinner. (Try Troubadour in Barri Gotic area or 'No,No' on Paseo de Gracia but plenty of good restaurants to choose from.)Hotel was exactly as website, chic, beautifully designed, in a quiet area but only 10 minute walk from Plaza Catalunya and Ramblas. They are hoping to extend the hotel but we would recommend going now as its just right. Airport bus from Plaza Catalunya very straightforward takes about 30 minutes, costs just under 4 euros. We bought a 2 day ticket for the 'Bus Touristica' which travels to all of the main sights on three differently coded lines; it is a very big city, we like walking but some sights are too far e.g. Parc Gruell, the Olympic area and the Miro Foundation. But we also recommend getting away from the Ramblas which is OK but touristy and walking amongst the quieter streets both in the Gothic area and around the hotel. Don't miss Gaudi's La Pedrerea but we especially enjoyed Casa Batllo which proved that Gaudi was way ahead of his time with architecture design and far more than just a 'quirky' artist (my husband isn't an art buff but loved this house!)We recomment Constanza whole heartedly and would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColetteHarryLeonie
<Content>Good location for City Trippers We are just back from a 3 day trip to Barcelona and stayed in the Hotel Constanza. The hotel is well located in a residential district which felt safe, about 8 minutes to Placa de Catalunya. We got a taxi from the airport to the Hotel and the price was 鈧?6.00. The receptionist spoke english and was very polite and helpful. The Hotel is sterile visually and has a contemporary/miminalist feel to it. The room and bathroom were small but everything was very clean. It suited our requirements as we did not intend to spend much time in the room, only to sleep. The bed was a double a bit small but very comfortable. About Barcelona:We just loved the City - it has the most magnificent architecture, fantastic shopping, port and beach area and lots to do and see. Tourist buses all go from Placa de Catalunya, also the Airport bus arrives at this square. Try the Metro it will save your feet, (get a ticket that will last a few days) - Airport line is currently under construction - complicated with 3 changes!!!!! Not worth the hassle. The tourist Office is off La Rambla in the City Hall. You can buy your tickets for the tourist buses here. They don't have ear phones explaining and you have to read from their leaflet as you are going along. I noticed Barcelona Tours have ear phones...would recommend a bus trip the first day to get your bearings and to get a feel for the City - it is BIG!!!Like any big City in the world - avoid having too many valuables on you - use Hotel safes. Have a spare wallet with a small amount of money in it just in case of the unthinkable!! Try not to look like a tourist.Tapas Bars are fantastic and very different - great ones off La Rambla....the menu del dia is a must and is served in traditional barcelonian restaurants between 2.30/4.00 - you will be amongst locals - very good value - try and learn some catalan words i.e. chicken, pork , beef etc...so you will know what you are eating. The price is usually between 鈧?.50/鈧?0.00 for a three course meal with house wine. These restaurants are not on the Main high streets. We only had three days and tried to get as much in as possible....we loved Barcelona and will definetely come back to see more.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aller et retour
<Content>Exactly as advertised       Beds  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>agreat hotel avery good deal if u plane to stay un barcelona,its very close to the main things,but very isolateddont think twice  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cybershaz
<Content>Great Hotel in Barcelona We took a chance on this little hotel in Barcelona and were pleasantly surprised! The first thing that impressed me was the cleanliness and the fact that our room looked EXACTLY like the photos they have on their website (a lot of times the rooms never are really that good). Everyone was very friendly and helpful in making reservations for us, etc. We had a suite on the 1st floor in the main part of the hotel and had a lovely terrace at the back. Super quiet location, comfortable beds - we got great rest. The only (minimal) downsides were that it's a bit far if you like hanging out in the Barri Gotic or beach area and the maid service did not change our drinking glasses every day. Not bad at all! We are very happy and would absolutely go back again!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eliot
<Content>Hotel Constanza is an ideal hotel in Barcelona I stayed at Hotel Constanza my first trip to Barcelona. At 100 euros for a single room (not including IVA tax) it was a bit more than I had wanted to spend, however the location was ideal in the Eixample area just a short walk from Placa de Catalunya and The Ramblas, but away from the noise and crowds you find in those areas. Constanza is located in more of a residential area which seemed to be pretty safe. The hotel was very modern (very stylish and I guess that is what you pay a little more for) and clean. The staff was very friendly and attentive, and rooms also have a minibar which was nice. Transport between the hotel and the airport was easy via the Aerobus which arrives/departs from Placa de Catalunya and is a not a far walk from the hotel - although if you have lots of luggage you may rather take a taxi which is also quite convenient but costs more. I would definitely stay at Hotel Constanza again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NAMM
<Content>I would definately stay at Hotel Constanza again. Hotel Constanza is a small boutique hotel. The room was very clean, the bed was soft, and the sheets were crisp and white. The bathroom was spotless with modern fixtures. My husband and I stayed in two different rooms. The first go round we had a room with a balcony overlooking the street. The hotel seems to be in a residential area, and it was fun hanging out on the balcony just watching the locals pass by. The hotel is located in a beautiful part of town. Cafe Barre, a block down the street, is a bustling little spot where you can grab an espresso and a bocadillo and people watch. After spending a couple of days in Madrid, we decided to forgo southern Spain and return to Barcelona. We checked back into the Constanza and stayed in a different room, without a balcony. It was just as nice as our first room. Because the floors in the hotel are marble, the sound of foot steps does seem to carry, especially in the late morning when house keeping is making its rounds. Other than that, I have no complaints about the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. My husband and I loved the hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trini142
<Content>wonderful stay I spent a week at the Hotel Constanza in mid-July and have nothing but good things to say about my trip. The location is wonderful - a five minute walk to two metro stations and numerous bus stops; extremely close to the Barri Gotic and Placa Catalunya; and within walking distance of La Rebeira, The Rambla etc. The hotel itself is set a few blocks back on a quiet side street so getting a good night's sleep is guaranteed. I was travelling alone and felt perfectly safe wondering around the neigborhood until fairly late at night once I'd observed the usual commonsense precautions.My room was nicely decorated, with complimentary high-speed internet service and room in the honor bar to store a few of my own items. Housekeeping did an excellent job; as did the rest of the hotel staff who were unfailingly pleasant and extremely helpful.For the [extremely reasonable] price, this hotel is a great value and I would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>super_otley
<Content>Great value boutique hotel - would definitely recommend   showReview(3687773, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Goldie
<Content>Fabulous       Constanza Lobby  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princess#1
<Content>Very impressed!   showReview(3550419, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly Happy!   showReview(3504263, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish and affordable hotel   showReview(3475350, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Spin2Win
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyable!   showReview(3418548, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mentaltraveller
<Content>Stylish but uncomfortable   showReview(2990928, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consternation at the Constanza   showReview(2760083, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rtoyen
<Content>Great Find   showReview(2757029, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel57
<Content>Lovely hotel   showReview(2614705, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gibbo63
<Content>una scelta +che fortunata   showReview(23073131, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La zona inmejorable, bien de...   showReview(22769846, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sebbydee
<Content>hotel design et bien situ茅   showReview(22418791, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel avec une d茅coration tr猫s...   showReview(21992349, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel situato in ottima...   showReview(21888150, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es excelente por las...   showReview(21391817, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es muy lindo con...   showReview(21122111, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato in questo hotel...   showReview(20743807, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo si trova in un'ottima...   showReview(20628745, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo davvero molto carino e...   showReview(20387202, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliatissimo, personale...   showReview(20358866, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo con personale di...   showReview(19868569, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel 猫 un due stelle ma ne...   showReview(19733056, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In zona centrale ed 猫 possibile...   showReview(19948652, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da consigliare sicuramente, bel...   showReview(19948651, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La camera singola 茅 molto...   showReview(17115781, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto come da descrizione...   showReview(16730675, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelona war toll, nur leider...   showReview(16725919, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, collegato...   showReview(14293323, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(16724546, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es muy lindo el hotel. Calido...   showReview(13974090, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rapporto qualit脿 prezzo 猫...   showReview(13222834, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bn555
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel!   showReview(8366081, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Vika71
<Content>Nettes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(7225772, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

