<Author>JanWill
<Content>Still a good deal As other reviewers have commented, the rooms are shabby and in need of renovation, the bathroom lacks ventilation, and the bed is hard -- it's really NOT a 4* hote! But, it is still a good deal for what you get -- a handly location on top of the train/metro station with acess to taxis and a McDonald's (great for cheap food at any hour). We had a 7th floor room with a nice view of the city, an our weekend rate included their wonderful buffet breakfast .  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Lotticb
<Content>Not Recommended I stayed at The Barcelo Sants Hotel for one night having spent a few days with one group of friends and about to meet the next group. I decided that I would book a central hotel and treat myself to a 4 star stay (as it was categorised on the website I booked through) since I would be alone. On arriving late, I was looking forward to a relaxing bath, fluffy pillows, fresh linen and a good film, but...The room was grubby and in desperate need of renovation - the skirting board was broken, the decor very out of date, the bed linen had seen better days, the basin was cracked and the shower/bath tiles were mouldy. I had requested a non smoking room, but the windows cannot be opened and the air con seems to circulate air from all over the hotel, meaning that my room had very stale slightly smokey air. After 40 mins in the room I had to switch as it was so airless that I had started to feel ill. The next room was marginally better...The only positives were that the hotel is in a perfect location for coming from the airport or leaving the city by train.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>PudgyGal
<Content>Good for travel, shabby - needs modernisation Mainly business travellers in this hotelUpside: Great location - this is above their Sant Estacio Train  Metro station. A great base to get to most places. Direct train from airport to the station will only cost you EUR2.60. (You can get to Le Rambla in about 10 mins. Recommend you buy the T10 Metro ticket which is EUR7.20 for 10 metro trips, 1 zone, multiperson use.)Below in the station are shops which is convenient, incl chemist, Mcdonalds, cafes etcDownsides: Rather shabby and very small rooms, that need updating. No ventilation in the bathrooms for instance.Breakfast is EUR15 per day for a buffet.Expect to be charged for everything, that you would expect as standard in a 4 star hotel in the UK for instance.Eg, Use of the safe EUR4.50/day.No tea and coffee making facilities in the room (very basic), I requested a kettle in the room (I always drink green tea) and they tried to charge EUR9.63 a day for this. If the inflated price is not an issue, the kettle was in a disgusting condition (plastic inside was flaking around and the limescale on the element was so bad, that you could see it floating in the water. Thought this was extremely poor). Room service cant speak English very well, it took 3 attempts to get the kettle.WiFi EUR6.50/hour in designated areas.Thinnest walls I have ever encountered in a hotel - you can hear people in the next room speaking, flushing toilet, opening doors or anything.Other points worth noting: Right opposite the Expo Hotel and the Torres - so those hotels are equally convenient in terms of location.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>crookedbarn
<Content>They were right - you get what you pay for. Location was excellent - right on top of metro and you really could be anywhere in 10 minutes. However, get ready to pay for parking and take into consideration that there is no free breakfast. The room was smaller then small, the mattress had seen better days and although it was warm out, the air conditioning was off and no way to open a window. We felt safe, but definitely more of a 2 star room in a 3 star location. Also, if you get thirtsy at night bring a bottle of water.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Grumpyoleman
<Content>carefree and happy We stayed at the Sants for four days at the beginning of August 2008.The location of the Sants is excellent, close to the tourist bus terminals and all of the other attractions.The staff were all exceptionally friendly and extremely helpful.The food was excellent and reasonably priced,huge breakfast buffet for 9 euros,possibly the largest we have ever seen.The rooms were better than expected,after reading other reviews,with clean linen every day,We had no problems with the air conditioning.All in all we had a wonderful time in Barcelona and the hotel was a major part in it.We would highly recommed it.t  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nevertravelweary
<Content>In dire need of renovation As most other reviewers observed, this hotel is very conveniently located. Barcelona has an awesome metro rail system over which the Barcelo Hotel Sants is located. Hence, you can get to the Airport, the beaches, La Rambla, Sagrada Familia, Montjuic, The Barcelona Aquarium and just about anywhere else you wish to visit in the City without any hassle at all. It's a great thing for two reasons. First, you will want to spend as much time away from the hotel property as possible. Second, the hotel charges a whopping 24.00 euros per night for parking. This is not a place to chill. Our room was very disappointing other than the surcharge-free wireless internet access. The mattresses were deplorably thin and hard. Moreover, while the bathroom was cleaned each day during our 10-day stay, the mildew remained. Additionally, there were pieces of hardware missing from the shower fixtures. Likewise, although we met guests from the U.K., Scotland and Ireland while there, the only television channels broadcasting in English were news stations. Hence, we endeavored to exhaust ourselves before returning to our room at night so that we could go straight to sleep and rise early to go out for the day.Finally, the one meal we ate in the hotel's restaurant other than breakfast as well as the breakfast buffet that we had three (3) times or so were extremely over-priced.The staff was pleasant but not pleasant enough to inspire us to return or recommend the Barcelo Sants to others.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>steelydom
<Content>A decent base for the city Stayed here with my girlfriend recently for a week and in general it is a a very decent hotel. Yes, it isn't the newest built hotel in barcelona but everything is there that you need. Its big point is of course it sits on top of the metro which is great for cross city jaunts or getting to-and-from airports. A word of warning though, the metro finishes at midnight during the summer (earlier in the winter) and since you don't really eat dinner in Spain till 9-10, you will probably find yourself hailing a taxi/bus to get home - its a bit of a walk unless your near the new city area - slightly inconvenient. Staff are friendly and helpful. You can do a lot lot worse.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jackosan
<Content>Adequate But Shabby Rooms Atop Central Transit Hub Spent two nights with my daughter here in late July. Overall, the place was OK, but only because I was able to book it at a very favorable price.The good thing about the hotel is that it sits atop the central train station. It is therefore a direct 20-minute train ride from the airport and on two Metro lines. This makes it a convenient hop or two to wherever you want to go along Barcelona's extensive and well-serviced Metro lines. The double-decker tourist buses also stop right outside, and there is a reasonable assortment of eating establishments in the area. Placa D'Espanya at the base of Montjuic is two stops or a 15-20 minute walk away.The smallish room was disapointing. It had a depressing, faded green decor. The mattresses on the twin beds were hard, thin and fairly uncomfortable. The bathroom was cramped. The tub had cracked tile, mildew and an extremely slow drain. If you wanted to use the in-room safe, they charged 4 EUR per night to activate it. On the plus side, wireless internet was free if you had your own computer with you.The common areas of the hotel were somewhat nice. Unfortunately, the common areas are not where you sleep and bathe. There was a basic fitness center and a business center.The hotel's other saving grace was its staff, who were uniformly friendly and helpful. As well, they were conversant in English, which is a big help if you don't speak Catalan or Spanish. If they would take the trouble to renovate their rooms, this hotel could be all right. For now, though, it rates 2 stars on my scale.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>ChTh
<Content>Transport is good, class is high Excellent communications, of course, which makes it a prime choice for conferences and similar. Nice class and good staff. Very pricey food.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	4	5	3	

<Author>Jonflick
<Content>Nice hotel Thought this hotel was pretty nice, right by the train station so easy access to everywhere. The beds were the only part I was not to happy about, but everyone was more than happy to help out with any problem I was having. The food at the hotel was pretty good as well.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bristol_J_and_L
<Content>Great Travel Links We were booked into this hotel for the weekend of 18 - 20th July 2008 as part of a package to see Bruce Springsteen at Nou Camp so this hotel wasn't one we actually chose BUT we were pleasantly surprised. As stated, the hotel is directly about the Central Train station with Metro links but as all the tracks are underground, you wouldn't have known it ..... we couldn't/didn't hear a thing. We got the train from the Airport (5 euros each) into the station, walked outside, up a short walkway, into the lift which took us straight into the Hotel reception. From the outside, this hotel looks like an office block but inside is modern, relaxing and clean. Check in was quick, efficient and easy - the reception staff are lovely, very helpful and charming. Room was OK - nothing special but clean, the aircon was very efficient (we had to turn it off at one point as we were too cold in 90+ degree heat!) and the bed comfortable. Power shower was great once we worked out how to switch it on! We didn't eat at the hotel except for breakfast which was very good. Good choice of fruit, juice, baked goods, cereal, meat, cheese and hot buffet. J doesn't eat meat but didn't struggle at all to find something he could eat. A previous reviewer said he felt rushed as the staff cleared his table whilst he was still eating but although the same happened to us (we were a group of 4), its just their way. Yes, dirty plates, cutlery and napkins were cleared when we were still at the table but in our case were replaced with clean cutlery and napkins straightaway. On our first morning, we lingered in the restaurant for about 50 minutes and didn't feel under any pressure to hurry up and leave. The only blip during our stay in this hotel was the Cocktail Bar. After Friday night out in Barcelona, we returned to the hotel around midnight and thought we would have a night cap. Deciding to be decadent, we all opted for a cocktail. However, the menu is in Spanish and some of the ingredients we just couldn't work out. The Bar guy was less than helpful - we asked for his recommendation and help in translating and he just glared at us and shrugged his shoulders. So we ordered hoping for the best, sat at a table and waited and waited and waited. He took 30 minutes to make 4 cocktails - a Tom Collins, Manhattan, Margarita and a non- alcoholic fruit cocktail. 3 were very pleasant but the Margarita was awful. There was way too much salt on the rim of the glass (I had to wipe it off) and instead of a teaspoon of castor sugar in the bottom of the glass, he put salt instead making it undrinkable. It was like drinking a glass of sea water. Did we complain? Well, no but in our defence he wasn't the most approachable of people, it was 12.45am and we were tired having been up for 18+ hours and quite frankly we couldn't be bothered - just put it down to experience. Check out on Sunday morning was quick and easy - having pre-paid for our trip and having no additions to our bill it took all of 30 seconds! Overall a pleasant stay. OK its not right in the centre of all the action but the transport links are so good - rail and metro under the hotel, taxi rank right outside and the open top tourist bus stop just across the road - its a fantastic location for getting in, out and around the City.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DebHK
<Content>Good location, good service We stayed 7 days at the hotel for a conference. Based on some earlier reviews, I was expecting the worst, but was pleasantly surprised. As others have said, the location is good, being above the train station, you can pretty much anywhere in the city in 15-20 minutes. Our room was in good condition, clean and fairly well maintained. Unlike other visitors, our AC was super efficient and we ended up turning it off at night. The staff was helpful and the cleaning staff were efficient and accommodating. There are not a lot of extras, but the breakfast buffet is lavish, especially the baked goods. The lunch buffet is good but over-priced.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>israeli34
<Content>A good stay in the barcelo sants! We stayed in the Barcelo sants for 7 nights and traveled all over the city and even outside of bcn. The hotel is great , the staff was super friendly and helpfull(especially a girl named sara), they even let us stay for extra hours before our flight back home for 10 euros per hour (the 1st hour was for free)-i never got this chance in other hotels in europe and always had to pay for a full of 1/2 day.The station under the hotel is excellent for tourists,there is a barcelona turisme office there, a cafetria, mac donalds,shops etc. the barcelona busturistic has a stop right in front of the hotel so we didnt have to go far to use this service.The room was nice, the bed was big and comfy.The only downside was the noise you could hear from the room near us or from the corridor- its a bit embarassing and can make you think you share the room and bed with others, but we got used to it.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TimUsa
<Content>Barcelo Sants does not deserve 4 stars I've been to Barcelo Sants Hotel in Barcelona (June 12-16). All services were average. Breakfast is good but waitresses urge you to leave the restaurant as quick as possible. All plates and cups are gone. They try to clean up the table even if you eat it. Also they run AC to cool down the restaurant so that you can not eat.Also, they tried to cheat me. I had a reservation for a double room for single use, few days before they upgraded my room type to double room at a higher rate. This was not what I wanted. and I had a fax confirmation for the previous room type. There was no chance for me since I was coming for a meeting where the venue was Barcelo Sants.It is not spacious, and there is no shelf to locate your belongings. Not comfortable. AC is off in rooms. A place to sleep? yes. Preferrable but you sometimes figure out that your hotel is built on a train station.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	

<Author>scottsiegel1959
<Content>Good mass transit connections       Room  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ash108
<Content>Great location Just spent 4 nights here and was impressed. The hotel is located directly over the main train/metro station so getting around is very easy. The train from the airport even stops here. Hotel itself is a modern business style hotel that while lacking in character it makes up in space. The lobby area is huge and has a bar and several eating areas including a fine dining restaurant. The rooms are spacious and clean and from our room on the 7th floor you had a great view out over the city.We ate in the hotel only twice once in the bar which was fine and once in the fine dining restaurant which was overly stuffy....they even served me a beer in a wine glass!All in its a fine hotel in a very convenient location for traveling around.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>gisgo
<Content>Good hotel - wonderful city! We spent 4 days at Barcelo Sants in April.It was the first time, that we have been in Barcelona and the city is really wonderful.The hotel is well located and you can reach the metro within 5 minutes, therefore it is easy to reach all sight seeing hot spots.The room was clean, but you can see, that the hotel is already a few years old. The front desk staff was very helpful with restaurant recommandations and directions. We booked via expedia.com and got a very reasonable rate.The only thing we really disliked, is that there is no way to open the windows in the room, and the aircondition was not working very well.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pegct
<Content>Reasonable hotel My family and I stayed at this hotel one night prior to leaving on a Mediterranean cruise in May. The main reason I chose this hotel was the price factor as the maximum occupancy is three adults to a room in Barcelona and we had a total of four adults which required two rooms. The hotel is easily accessible from the airport as it is located directly above the Sants train which is approximately the fourth stop on the train from airport to Barcelona. Several of the previous reviews noted that the hotel was not located close to the main city attractions but we found it convenient to go downstairs and take the Metro a few stops(5-10 minutes) and navigate our way to the various tourist attractions. If we had more time we would have purchased a ticket for the Tourista Sightseeing Bus which had a stop located directly across the street from the hotel which allowed you to hop on and off at the various stops in the city. The main lobby was large but did not have a concierge desk so any questions we had we did have to wait at main reception desk to get answers to. The rooms were very clean, decor was somewhat outdated and beds very hard but I would stay here again based on room rates as compared to many other hotels located in the main tourist areas. (One tip I would advise is to leave one room card key in the electrical outlet grid to keep your airconditioning on while you are out of room as the rooms get very stuffy and hot and take quite a while to cool down if airconditioning is off during the day.)  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ex-Ambo
<Content>Utilitarian The train from the airport is now working and, for the present, free in both directions, making the Barcelo location ideal for travelers with luggage or tight connections. I also found the location convenient, with several interesting neighborhoods and restaurants in walking distance and a tour bus stop across the street -- although to reach any of them you have to go down a long ugly stairway or take a creepy elevator.The hotel, itself is in need of a facelift. The room I had was narrow and not very roomy and some of the things expected in a four-star hotel were missing. The fitness center cost guests 10 Euros per visit. There was no clock, no tea-making option and no thermostat or openable windows in the room. Temperature control was a problem. I couldn't get the safe to close. Bathroom is dated and illogically designed; breakfast buffet space likewise poorly designed and overcrowded. It was a reasonable choice for a business conference, but after seeing Barcelona's elegance and good taste, the Barcelo Sants didn't measure up.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beez77
<Content>Back to the future We stayed here for the last night of our trip to Barcelona, in order to make a quick getaway to the airport the next morning. The proximity to the RENFE station is the main selling point, but the lobby is also promising. But as others have noted, the rooms leave a lot to be desired -- there's a distinct 1987 feel to them. The hair dryer might have been from 1977. But for what we needed, the place fit the bill ... and was worth the low cost.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pixelated
<Content>Not too keen on the Sants I was staying on business, attending a conference at the Fira. From that perspective the location of the hotel is good - within an easy 10-15 minute of Placa Espanya - so no reliance on taxis or public transport. From the tourist's perspective the location isnt great as it isnt too near the majority of attractions. That said it is still pretty central and being right on top of Sants station makes for very easy access to the airport.In terms of decore the hotel is *very* tired, my room having seen much wear and tear. Beds are cheap and hard, not in a pleasantly firm way but with more of a cheap mattress with few springs vibe. My aircon worked, thought that of many of my fellow guests didnt, leading to perpetually freezing or baking rooms.There are many other hotels in Barcelona. I wouldnt recommend picking this one unless proximity to the Fira is your main criteria.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SiThompson
<Content>Sants - not pants! We booked this hotel sight unseen, as it was via Lastminute.com's Top Secret hotel choice. This is where you get a heavily discounted rate for a 4* hotel, but don't find out where it is until you've booked. So when we'd booked it, we checked out the location, and found it was in the Industrial area, near the Sants RENFE train station.When we arrived at the station, we realised that the hotel is actually part of the station.Once you leave the station and enter the spacious lobby, the place starts to look 4*, with a very modern feel.We stayed in room 224, which is actually on the 3rd floor, offering a quite elevated view of the Sants square and surrounding buildings. The room was a double, quite big with TV, mini-bar and a shower and bath ensuite. Although the room had air-conditioning it was not very effective and the one window could not be opened.The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, speaking excellent English, and happy to recommend bars and restaurants.Within a Kilometre there are several Tapas bars, cafes and restaurants, which work out cheaper than the hotel. and the station is a 5 minute train ride from the placa Catalunya, which is a good starting point to explore the city.Despite my initial impression, I would stay here again as the train access makes sightseeing easy, and the station offers the Barcelona card (universal travel ticket) from it's tourism booth.I would classify it as 3* and pricey, but overall very good.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Calboy54
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Sants in January and thought the location and price was wonderful. The staff were very helpful with most speaking english. The train took us right from the airport to the hotel and the metro connects you to the rest of the city right under the hotel. There is construction going on but we spent most of our time exploring the rest of the city. For the price it was a great deal.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gytuuuuuu
<Content>Duelling Spaniards This hotel is reasonably well located for metro travel to the centre of Barcelona.However the rooms have walls that are too thin and therefore you can hear every piss, hiss and kiss of any Don Juan who happens to be staying two rooms away.The rooms are spacious and the price was reasonable but in my opinion the purpose of a hotel is good sleep so therefore I mark this gaff down.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jokol
<Content>Stop with the four star - Your kidding me This hotel was horrible. I might as well stayed on the sidewalk outside of the hotel, thats how bad the beds are. Expedia should be ashamed of themselves advertising this hotel as a 4 star. I have stayed in Super 8's more comfortable than this place. The lobby gives you a very good feeling about the hotel. Then you get your key and take the somewhat dangerous ride up the 80 year old elevator. You get in the halls and it's like you landed on the set of the Shining. I stayed at the Tryp Apolo hotel during the same trip to Barcelona. WAY BETTER and only rated a 3 1/2 star. I dont get it. The staff was not very friendly either, but I had come to expect that from most of the people in Europe when speaking to Americans. They don't seem to like us these days. Look around and pay the extra money to stay at another hotel. This one is definetely not worth it.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>verikastanton
<Content>Nice inside, convenient to trains, but in seedy part of town My opinion of this hotel is a little schizophrenic. We chose this hotel for the last night of our trip through Southern Spain and Northern France because it was adjacent to the car rental return, where we needed to drop off our car before flying out early the following morning. We figured it would be convenient to both returning the car and getting a cab to the airport. Both were true. However, I had forgotten from being there in the 90's as a backpacker how seedy the area is. In general, train stations in Europe can be infused with seedy scammers looking to pick-pocket, etc., and the train station in Barcelona is not really any exception. Even the employees at the car rental (Hertz) were a little obviously paranoid about someone coming into their business if they didn't have a reservation. HOWEVER, this hotel upstairs from the station was actually very nice. We returned a day early from our driving and they accommodated us with an extra night prior to our reservation. It is more upscale than the average hotel, the food was decent, although not very authentic to Spanish food, it was of good quality. The people were friendly, speak English very well, and the rooms were truly sound-proof as described. Where it lacks in charm, it makes up for in cleanliness and modern accommodations. I generally prefer the quaint, smaller, homier hotels, but this fulfilled our need, which was a convenient place to sleep between car return and flight. Since we came back a day early, we did some sightseeing again on our extra day in the city, and nothing is really close by to see on foot, but you can get a subway train or a taxi very easily. Just hang on to your bags, your kids, and anything else valuable and keep your peripheral vision acute until you get out of the immediate area of the train station. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a long-term stay, as we found a much more quaint hotel in the heart of the Jewish Quarter for our initial 3 nights stay in Barcelona where we could walk to sites, markets, restaurants, and the Rambla, but if you are renting a car or taking a train out of town, or if you want something more American and modern, this hotel does just fine.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>studyabroadhoya
<Content>Excellent Location The Barcelo Sants hotel has one of the most ideal locations for travel throughout the city and perhaps farther. The hotel itself is beautiful, the staff are friendly and fortunately all spoke English. While the train between the station and the airport is not currently running and there is construction outside of the hotel, none of that is the hotel's fault or problem. Furthermore, my boyfriend and I used the metro from the station, never venturing directly outside the hotel for sightseeing since that's not the main part of Barcelona anyway. I have never been happier with a hotel for location versus value. As for the room, it was clean, large and had a beautiful view. My one suggestion would have been a more comfortable bed and bedding.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tigger73
<Content>Better Places to stay Stayed at the Barcelo Sants for 2 nights and after the first night I seriously considered checking out! An indicator of things to come is when you go in search of the train at the Airport to be told that due to building work its not running but there is a free bus. Approaching the train station/hotel you quickly realise how extensive the building work is! Trying to walk anywhere from the hotel involves an obstacle course and the need for a face mask to avoid the dust! Twice I tried to walk and twice I gave up and walked back to the train station to get the metro.While I stayed there the was a constant noise and vibration from industrial concrete breakers that goes on well into the evening (past 9pm!) and starts again early morning. I felt very sorry for the airline staff that are constantly checking in during the day, obviously looking forward to being able to stay away from the airport and see a bit of the city only to be faced with a building site and little chance of sleep during the day!Add to this the dust the work creates coming into the hotel, very hard beds, tired looking rooms and paper thin walls  doors and noisy toilets I would not recomend this hotel at the moment. Oh and watch out for the scolding hot water coming out of the shower, trying to get warm water takes time and skill, I ended up running a bath for safety sake! I hope the development of a fast Airport rail link might prompt the hotel to re-vamp the rooms until then I would avoid!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Zeckie
<Content>Standard, could be better, could be a lot worse We stayed for 5 nights at Barcelo Sants. We chose the hotel for 2 reasons, it was cheaper than anything off the Ramblas and there was a train direct from the airport to the hotel which sits just above Sants Estacio. BEWARE, the trains are not running at present and there is an awful lot of building and redevelopment going on at the station. Although this didn't really affect our stay in the hotel, it was annoying that the trains weren't running and it is pretty much a building site outside. There are free buses in replacement.The room was ok, but very very stuffy, so I can't imagine what it must be like in the summer. Also, there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, and as we hadn't paid for breakfast it was a bit of a pain (we ended up buying a little travel kettle in the end).Overall, the staff were friendly and helpful, the hotel is standard, nothing special and the beds are very hard. The rooms have paper thin walls, we could hear EVERYTHING! It's a good location for the metro if you don't mind staying slightly out of the centre (but not that far really).Not sure I'd go back there again, budget permiting I would prefer something with a bit more character, but it's functional and does it's job.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Stanislov
<Content>Good access to transportation, but that's it. Stayed here for only one night, and most of my comments are similar to others' critiques. Very easy access from the airport - frequent trains take you to Barcelona Sants station and the hotel is right on top of the station (elevator in the station takes you right to the lobby). A metro station is here as well, making it convenient to get to wherever you're going on Barcelona's excellent subway lines. Other than that, the hotel is pretty drab, rooms are small, beds are hard, and the walls are paper-thin (noisy throughout the night). And, as expected for a train station area, the neighbourhood seems fairly seedy.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>sffooddude
<Content>Some good, some bad features Good location (train station below with subway directly to airport) and excellent breakfast help to make up for drab room and budget bed (they haven't figured out that Starwood's Heavenly Bed sells hotel rooms quite well, I guess). Bathroom is not bad, with marble and even a bidet, but toiletries also felt budget. The price was outlandish during a large conference: at 245 euro, not a good value (but would have been a much better value at prices others mention here off peak). Despite the train station, the neighborhood felt pretty safe even later at night. Overall, not horrible but there are better choices unless you need really easy, cheap airport access.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marcus2000
<Content>Barcelona Sants- Third Visit On my third visit to this hotel, I have decided to update my review. Over the past four years, the quality of the hotel rooms has deteriorated. The rooms, although spacious, look old. The air conditioning is poor (and a bit noisey) and in both rooms I had (we switched) there were cracks in the ceiling.The receptionist miscommunicated some information to us about the upgrade, and then denied it. (not at all friendly)Although it is useful for the metro/rail system, the underground walk to the line that takes you into Catalunya, is long and hot...IF you are visiting barcelona, get a hotel closer to the centre.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>yorom
<Content>Convenient, cheap and very acceptable It may not be the most stunning 4* hotel in Europe but this Barcelo hotel is fine. It does seem a little bit neglected (carpets) and changes are needed (beds are not the most comfortable). On the other hand it has an ideal location in Barcelona and I would not hesitate to come back. I paid 85usd plus taxes on Hotwire.com  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Corrinne_7
<Content>Very poor experience I booked two rooms at this hotel online received two emails to confirm my bookings.Despite this when i arrived at 11pm with my elderly mother, I was told there was no booking, the hotel was full and could i please move aside so the desk clerk could serve someone else.When i tried to explain that I had reserved the booking with a credit card and that I need to use their internet to print off evidence they said i had to PAY to use their internet.After struggling to get faulty keyboard and broken printer to work for over an hour in the internet room, the manager finally agreed to talk to me. This was one hour since we arrived and my mother was very distressed by this point. All the desk staff were surly and dismissive. When they realised the mistake they improved slightly. I suggest you double check any bookings you make with this hotel and prepare for poor customer service.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>phworld
<Content>Convenient but rooms were subpar We read the reviews and thought this would be a convenient hotel to stay at since it was situated on top of the main station. When we arrived, the hotel exterior looked nice and new. Even the lobby was expansive when we entered. However, when we saw our rooms, it was old and appeared like it hadn't been kept up for many years. The biggest problem was that their air conditioner doesn't really work well (more like an ineffective fan) so the rooms felt like an oven. They basically hadn't invested in the upkeep of the hotel rooms. I would not recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sanpip
<Content>God send for busy travellors We splurged our last night in Spain to stay at this hotel, after staying at hostals and cheaper hotels for the rest of our stay, so my review will definitely be influenced by that. I can't compare with other hotels at the same price.It was a God send for us because we arrived by plane from Madrid in the early evening and were flying out the next morning, so its location right at the train station was so perfect for us. Easy access to the metro to get anywhere, as well, not sure about walking distances since we didn't walk.The room, especially the bathroom, was big, compared to what we had stayed in before. Comparing to other hotels I've stayed at I'd say that it was still bigger than average. Huge tub. We didn't get the chance to try out any of the services (room service, gym, etc.). The internet however, was way over-priced at 3Euros for 1/2 hour.Would definitely recommend this place if you are doing a lot of traveling in and out of the city. Not recommended if you want to be in the heart of the action.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>No1Fox
<Content>Very handy for train travellers! If you travel in or out of Barcelona by train, no hotel is more handy! It is situated directly above the train station and entry to the hotel is via a lift (elevator) situated inside the station, (on north side of station ground level), but it's not as easy to find as it could be. The rooms have ADSL. Whilst they claim the rooms are soundproof, they are not; however, they are quiet. Lots of road works going on (6/07), but tour buses stop across the street and it's easy to get to main part of town if you have a map. Beds are not as cofortable as they could be. We fixed that by putting blankets under the sheet and then we were fine. Bathroom is large and bright enough to do makeup. Did not try inhouse restaurant, but lots of others did. They also have a car park in case you need it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Madrebt
<Content>Better than expected The hotel was better than I expected for being on top of the train station. It's a great location if you want to be close to the train. If you want to hang out on Las Ramblas, better to stay there. Metro stops running at midnight during the week and you'll need to catch a cab back to Sants. You will definitely not be done by midnight. And it's very easy to get here during the day from anywhere in Barcelona via the Metro. It's one of the best in Europe. The hotel, itself, however was very nice.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Emeror
<Content>average lodging but great location We booked this hotel for 3 nights through pigsback.com. The location was excellent in that it is extremely convenient. We got the train (T10 ticket) across the road from Barcelona Airport directly to the hotel. Check in was swift with no complications. Our room was clean, however the air con didn't seem to be working efficiently and to be honest we felt that it was a bit stifling. Whenever we stepped out into the corridor we sighed relief at the coolness!. We did inform the reception staff about our air con issues and we told that we would have to wait until folks had checked out and the rooms were cleaned before they could help us. So we stuck it out as we didn't wish to hang about in the hotel until the afternoon. There was a mini bar in our room but the prices were high so we didn't use it. I'm rating my overall experience as above average simply because of the location as we didn't eat in the hotel at all.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishTravellerDublin
<Content>Hotel Review We stayed in Hotel Barcelo Sants for 5 nights as part of a group. The location of the hotel is excellent for anyone intending to get access to city centre or to locations outside of Barcelona as it is situated directly above Barcelona's central train station. Overall the hotel's public areas are spacious and access is easy.Our impression of the hotel was poor based on an expectation of a 3 -4 star rating. Although the staff were quite friendly there were a number of issues that took away from our otherwise positive experience of Barcelona.One problem we had related to the an air-conditioning system that leaked directly into our wardrobe and which was repaired by placing one of our bathroom towels into the ceiling. Having politely requested another room in the fear that the leak would saturate the towel and resume saturating our clothes we were refused on two separate occasions.Breakfast was very good with a full buffet however the cost would encourage you to get a good two hours eating in before exploring the city; drinks in the bar were also very expensive.The rooms themselves were basic and small and in our view would not conform with a rating of 3-4 stars.We checked out of the hotel with the feeling that the accomodation was overpriced and that our concerns in relation to the poor condition of the room were not taken seriously. For those making a booking online do beware of asking for a confirmation via email; you may run the risk of it being returned along with your entire credit card details in an unsecured email.The hotel could be recommended for overnight stays but is not the ideal location for the duration of your holiday.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>TCobb
<Content>Great value and nice stay       a bidet, yes!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Location Stayed in this hotel as part of a large group. Hotel is a busy business hotel with standard amenities. Rooms, while clean need modernisation. Staff indifferent. Breakfast very good. The best thing about this hotel is it's location. It is perched ontop of a train station with direct access to the airport and city. While not city centre it is convenient as a result. No other reason to chose this hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>redrabbits123
<Content>Location, location and thats all I have stayed in 5*, 4*, 3* hotels and bbs and this was in no way as good as any of them. To call this a 4* hotel is a complete misrepresentation. The only thing going for it is the location, 20 minutes from the airport by train, into the lift and straight up to reception what more can one ask? Well, where shall I start? We arrived at reception were the service was brisk if a little abrupt, we went up to our room on the 2nd floor and what a dump, talk about dated and shabby, this place had it all, in the bedroom there were cigarette burns in the carpet and on the furniture (this was a no smoking room!) the wooden furniture was chipped, the wallpaper was peeling and the bathroom was not much better with its mouldy bath surround and big gaps in the tile grouting. We had noticed on the way in that there was a special offer to upgrade to an executive room for 22éˆ§?per night, we decided that our room was so bad we would upgrade, we were given a room on the 6th floor and were gobsmacked to walk in and find that the only difference between the rooms was a 2 seater sofa - presumably for executives to lounge on. Again the room was shabby, their were cigarette burns in the furniture, the bed was like a brick, wallpaper was peeling in places and the whole room was dated. Again the bathroom had large areas of grout missing and the bath surround was very mouldy. There was a hairdrier fixed to the bathroom wall but the hose was too short to pull across therefore I had to stand between the loo and the bidet to use it! And the towels were grey, thin, scratchy and stained.I will say that that the breakfasts were good for the money, typically continental and American fare but plenty of it and seemed fresh.All in all I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dananoodle
<Content>location above train station doesn't make up for horrible hotel Booked this room for a post cruise stay as our first choice was sold out and location above train station was attractive. The price was also reasonable in light of high Barcelona prices and we were traveling in a group so wanted to be conciencious of price for others(in hindsight, would have gladly paid the difference for all to stay elsewhere). Knew of the complaints about mold in showers andslightly outdated decor, but chose it anyway since have stayed at places that fit that description but were otherwise clean and comfortable.This place was not clean or comfortable.We had three rooms on the 2nd floor between 5 adults and a 2 year oldhild. Of the three, two had horrible mold in the showers. I was afraid to put my soap down to touch the mold. The third had no signs of mold...which could explain the discrepancies in reviews.First afternoon we arrived, the room was so cold I had to find an extra blanket. The next day and evening, our rooms were sweltering and none of us could get the a/c to work, yet the hallways and the lobby were comfortable.The hotel may be soundproofed from the train station, but I could hear neighboring rooms slamming doors, getting ready in the bathroom,and loud stomping and drunk noisemaking in the middle of the night. The door to the room is hollow wood and so I could hear the late night drunks coming back to their rooms and thus did not get any sleep on our last night.The carpet was so filthy and worn that I did not walk barefoot to the bathroom. The bed linens were old and worn (thin) and very uncomfortable and should have been replaced a decade ago. The bed wasrock hard. When I pulled a clean towel down to use after showering, Iunfolded it and found a long hair.The room had wood that in several places was chipped and decaying.The front desk staff, while not rude, were not very helpful in navigating the city with the exception of calling a minivan cab for our trip to the airport.I have stayed in motels in the U.S. that were cleaner and more comfortable. This is a 1 star hotel at best and should be avoided if you can afford better. Seriously, pay more money and find a different hotel. We wish we had.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>otismyman
<Content>Handy for trains If convenience for the Metro and trains is top of your list, stay here. However, if you want a comfortable, up-to-date hotel that understands what an ice bucket is, go somewhere else. My family and I stayed here during the Easter break and were quite disappointed in a number of ways. The first is that the heat was on so high, we had to strip down to our underwear every time we came back to our room. Hence the request for an ice bucket. What did we get? Two stryofoam cups full of ice. Not too good for cooling the wine. The mattress on the bed was like a plank. On our next-to-last night, the room was so oppressively hot, we had to open our door, as did others on our floor. When I spoke to someone in reception, she said nowhere in the hotel was cool. Yet, the lobby felt remarkably cooler than our hothouse of a room. On our last night a busload of Germans arrived, and I told my husband we would have air conditioning that night. We did, and we froze. We can recommend the ARS restaurant in the station for breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Laura24
<Content>Great value for money We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and were very impressed. Very easy to get to from the airport - short train ride and the hotel is right above the train station (although we didn't realise that at first and wandered around outside for a bit looking lol). The reception staff were very friendly and spoke good english. The hotel appearance was quite nice too. The rooms were big and spacious enough with good facilities and a nice bathroom. We were on the 8th floor I think looking out on to the square. It was very handy to have the tour bus stop outside the station for the south loop route. Also, it was very easy to get a taxi from the hotel, they call one for you and it is at the front door within minutes. The fare to placa catalunya (spelling?) was very reasonable and it only took 5mins. We didn't sample any of the restaurants at the hotel but from past reviews I wish I tried the breakfast. Even though the hotel is located away a bit from the city centre, it wouldn't put me off booking to stay there again in the future, and for the price it is definately worth it.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennidSpain
<Content>Good location, functional My husband and I stayed here 6th to 10th of March. We booked a doubleroom and the bed was larger than a UK king size. The room was a fair size with a minibar but no tea/coffee making facilities. The tv had a couple of English and American news channels. The bathroom was a bit tired with some mildew around the bath edge. Overall the hotel is clean and functional but the decor is a bit dated.As stated in previous reviews there is a metro station under the hotel and this is the great advantage to staying here. We took the metro every morning to the Las Ramblas area for breakfast at the La Boqueria food market. Worth doing. One night we ate in the hotel restaurant where the staff were very friendly and the food quality and presentation excellent ,and fairly priced.The tourist bus also has a stop outside the train station underneath the hotel. Would recommend buying the 2 day ticket as there is so much to see in Barcelona.Would stay at this hotel again, very convenient if you are arriving or departing the city by train, but I would request a room away from the lifts as it can be a noisy area.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>WokingTravelman
<Content>sheer convenience The thing about this hotel is its convenience. The train from the airport goes directly to Sants station and the hotel has an entrance inside the station. It is only one stop on the metro to the Ramblas. The hotel sits on top of the station but you are totally unaware of noise from the trains. The rooms are functional, modern and comfortable. We were well pleased with our stay there.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uktraveller1982
<Content>Handy We didn't want to be right in the heart of las ramblas so elected this hotel as it was so convienient for the airport, trains and undergrounds lines. Also, outside the Sants station is where the tourist bus stops so it's useful for that too.There's not so much in the area restaurant wise so you're best eating elsewhere. The hotel itself was perfectly comfortable, with plenty of room even with two beds. The soundproofing did exactly what it promised and you wouldn't have known that you were above a station at all. Bathrooms were nice, larger than those at other hotels of a similar class. Outside of the rooms, it's certainly very outdated but that's not much of a negative for the hotel. All the staff at reception spoke good English and were more than happy to help out holidaymakers although the hotel did perhaps have more of a business feel. If going to Barcelona again I might stay here depending on the rates offered. However, not if I wanted to be in all the action.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sensameliablue
<Content>Good Value for money We stayed in this hotel from a sunday to a tuesday. We were checked in straight away by friendly staff. Our room was very basic. Bathroom was a good size. However it was good value for money at æ‹¢55 per night. The hotel was a little out of the way for going out and about to anywhere interesting! It was above the train station however we found it difficult to navigate the train timetables. Woudl recommend for cheap and cheerful!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>newintown0
<Content>Good Hotel, but outside main action scene (yet accessible) We paid 129$ a night. Nice hotel. You can take a taxi to many places. Right below there is train station you can get access to the city and other places. Taxi cost about 15 euros. Monserat is a place to see (45 min train ride). Like any other hotel, bit expensive drinks  food.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DolBrayIreland
<Content>Very 80` style ! Three females travelled from Dublin on 9th December to Barcelona. I had got the name of the hotel on the internet. I made a mistake and thought it was beside Placa Catalunya - however it was only 1 stop from their by train. The hotel is 20 minutes from the airport. A double room for 4 nights cost éˆ§?00 - excellent value - I had a room to myself for the same cost. We took a trip to Sitges - just by walking down stairs to the station. It is also the main station to many other destinations in Spain. The hotel staff were very friendly. Breakfast was fit for a King - at éˆ§?2 to dine in style was good value. However, evening dinner was neither good value nor good food ! I would recommend this hotel for a cheap place to stay - it seems to be mainly business people and was quite empty on the weekend - we stayed Saturday to Wednesday. All in all a good experience.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>OKAussie
<Content>Business hotel My hubby  I stayed for 4 nights in this hotel in Barcelona  one night in Apsis Splendid. As a tourist, I have to say that it was more suited to Business folks because it could have been a hotel in just about any city in the world. Not Spain. There was absolutely no character in this hotel. However, on the other hand the rooms are comfortable, clean, spacious  its above the train station. So you can easily get just about anywhere by train or metro. Walking is also an option but have comfy shoes for this city. The staff were very helpful  gave plenty of advice. We did our own breakfast rather than eat in house as I heard it was not up to scratch. They have internet for a small price, a bar that looks inviting  lots of lifts. But as I said in the beginning if you're looking for Spanish influence you won't find it here. Its a cut  dry business hotel. But they do it well.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ericai77
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location We stayed at the hotel for 10 nights in September and right from our arrival in Barcelona it was completely hassle free, as we just jumped on the train at the airport and got off right underneath the hotel!The transport system in Barcelona is very good (esp Metro) but we found we could walk to most places within half an hour, and from our room we had a fantastic view of many of the places we actually wanted to visit.We ate in the hotel 3 or four times - breakfast is HUGE and very tasty - and when we ate in the Brasserie the food was FANTASTIC (I cannot stress this enough!) We had drinks in the lobby most evenings too, and charged them to the room - was pleasantly surprised at what good value it was!The staff are very helpful and speak excellent English - our room was always immaculate.The only negative thing I can find to say is that the only English speaking TV tends to be news channels like Sky, Fox and CNN. But you shouldnt be in the room for long anyway as there is so much to see in the city!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dimsum
<Content>Stay somewhere else unless you have to travel frequently by train The only good thing for this hotel was its location right on top of the train station. Other than that, 'nothing special' was already a very good comment to the hotel.This was the worst hotel in my two weeks trip in Spain. Bad smell inside our room and our bathtub was blocked by a used soap (It was a nightmare when I picked up the soap, left by the previous guest, as I thought it was the plug)!!!! The room was very dated, and to be precise, the whole hotel was very dated.It was the Barcelona biannual festival when we stayed at the hotel. We asked the front desk for information on the festival and their answer was that they didn't know anything about the festival. The internet corner was not free. People was allowed to smoke in the lobby.Although the room rate was not expensive, not cheap either. Money could be better spent in other hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	2	

<Author>hemmesfamily
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! We stayed at the Sants from Sept 24th-Oct1st. We were greetly warmly and the hotel staff was very helpful thoughout our stay. They were quick to give us info on places to see, things to do and how to get to them. It is a perfect location with the train, bus and subway connected underneath the hotel.In that station you will also find a McDonalds and shopping which is nice if you don't want to run out someplace far.The bed was very comfortable and the rooms were very clean. The only negatives would be that the breakfast was a bit on the expensive side and not all that good. We didn't try any other meals there to compare. Also the internet is not free and is expensive as well.I would reccomend this hotel with confidence. I  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jack-williams
<Content>perfect location I stayed in barcelo sants many years ago but will review it after passing through barcelona recently and staying in much inferior hotel that never pleased like the sants did. The location is great (over the main train station) and the rooms, the bar and the facilities are very good. I would recommend this especially for business travellers.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnstar24
<Content>Quality Stay! During my one week trip to Barcelona i stayed at Barcelo Sants Hotel as park of a pre-booked football package for Nou Camp home of FC Barcelona so i didnéˆ¥æª› have a choice of hotel so i didnéˆ¥æª› really know what to expect although before my trip i knew the hotels location was extremely good as its located fairly close to the airport and also has a metro station within a 30 seconds walking distance.I read quite a few reviews and they were mixed, most of the negative comments were regarding too much noise, poor service etc. I found the staff quite competent and polite and didnéˆ¥æª› have any problems with any of the staff, there was no noise issues whatsover and the rooms really shocked me in a good way as they were so spacious and for around 40 euros per night too. The shower and bathroom was very well kept and cleaners made sure towels etc were replaced.This hotel is so unique because of its location which is set inside a huge mall area where there are newsagents, shops, and even restaurants (McDonalds) and cafes and a train station! Once you leave the mall area you just cross the road to get to the metro station and from there you can travel anywhere in the city within ten minutes which was fantastic.The only negative i can find for this hotel was the buffet breakfast (10 euros) which is very overpriced and over-rated, some of the food was ok but there simply wasnt enough choice so thats the one area that they need to improve on but the bottom line is i would stay here again in future and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>chattywalker
<Content>Positive stay Attended a conference at this hotel. Was pleasantly surprised! Was apprehensive because of some of the reviews...much better than I expected.Large open lobby and restuarant area. Great gym. Cyber area included free internet access. Breakfast was included in our nightly executive rate. Check out their website special, discounts for staying 4 days or more.Enjoyed the breakfast each day - omelettes were great! Nice views from the restaurant area.Live piano music in lobby in the evening.Quiet room with great view - 6th floor.It's a good choice!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>CaliSwissMiss
<Content>Nice, business hotel right above the train station The Barcelo Hotel Sants literally sits right on top of the main train station in Barcelona. It was very convenient, considering the train from the airport comes right here and there is a metro station here too that takes you right into the heart of the city. There is a good tourist information booth within the train station too. There is a stairwell  elevator in the train station that goes right up to the hotel. USE IT! We missed it and almost got our stuff stolen outside the station by a pair of scam artists who threw a yellow, watery mixture on my travel pack and offered to clean it for me. Also beware of pickpockets! The hotel itself is a very nice, big business hotel with all the amenities. It lacks the charm of staying in the center of the city, but the rooms are very clean and the price is good (about 100 Euros for a double room). It is very comfortable and surprisingly quiet, considering it is so close to the trains.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>jenster
<Content>Disappointing but good value for the price We stayed here for one night while on holiday on the Costa Brava. We booked this hotel as it was recommended by a friend from Barcelona and was one of the only decent looking places for less than 250 euros. The handy access from the station is good but not well signposted so you can walk in a circle trying to find it! This entrance closes however at 12pm and the only other way in we saw was up some steep metal stairs which looked like they'd be a nightmare if you'd had a few cavas in town. The Bus Touristic also stops right outside on it's blue line which was handy, although the bus was packed every time it came past and we couldn't always get on the first one that came. This bus also only runs until 8pm, when it changes into a nighttime tour that you have to pay again for. The room was OK - spacious and with a great view of the city, but it just seemed to be really dated, I think the choice of green for all the wood etc was a bad one. The bed was absolutely massive, and a welcome relief from the tiny campbed we had been on in our selfcatering apartment. The bathroom however was about the same quality as in our apartment - cracked tiles, missing sealant around the bath, 30 year old rusty taps. Really disappointing. We decided to have breakfast in the hotel and that was also pretty disappointing. A reasonable selection but they could have done so much more. A lot of the things they listed on the breakfast advert in the room weren't actually available, like milkshakes which were specified as being a feature (cue one disappointed husband!!). If you do stay here also check out the vending machines on the reception floor by the gym - bottled water is 55 cents here rather than the 2.50 the minibar charges, and it stocks icecreams too. I'd say for a handy location (if you're travelling from the Sants station) and the price (cheap for Barcelona), this is a good place to stay but don't expect great things.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>LauraSheri
<Content>The Best Holiday I've Had This was the first time me and my boyfriend went away together and this hotel was fantastic. Yeah maybe the staff could be a little more friendly but so what......I really didn't care. The hotel is in the most perfect position above the main station. Getting the lift down one floor and jumping on which ever Metro I wanted was so easy and on 1 euro.....and i'm a bit thinck when it comes to these kind of thing. Barcelonas Metro system is the best i've seen yet. You can go anywhere and get home from anywhere......so easy, so many stations.I'm deffo going back......ignore all the bad reviews it's great!!Booked on www.tobook.com - really cheap deal!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hirakata
<Content>A Safe Bet Not the most architecturally appealing of buildings, the good rate and convenient location (right over the main station but so quiet you would never know it !) make this hotel a good bet.A blend of business men and what seemed to be independent travellers/ holiday makers was a bit funny.Rooms clean and in good condition if a bit dated and dark.Aircon was effective - thank God as there were no windonws that could be opened.Staff were efficient if cold and as has been said before you have to pay for anything in additon - like the safety box in the room.All in all a safe bet  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzi 1955
<Content>Excellent Location Excellent Locacation with access to train/metro. Accomodation clean spacious with good bathroom. We ate breakfast in train station cafe which was brill for the price. Go on the blue tourist bus. Barcelona is ace!! 13 euros for 2 days, drops you off at all the main sites and you can catch it just outside the hotel. We went to Port Aventura by train cost us 12 euros return and it is an excellent theme park just like Universal studios in America too big to get round in a day cost approx æ‹¢25 but everything included.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All right but would try another Pros:- Many grocery stores nearby. Saved $ on eating in, snacks- Hotel in station good. After travelling 8hrs from Toulouse by train, being able to exit train area and walk up to hotel elevator very comforting. Didn't have to bother with taxis- Laundromat 10min walk- Decent desk help. Most staff that I had to talk to was helpful and/or polite regardless if they had trouble understanding English- Room is similar to American standardCon- When I opened my towel it had huge disgusting brown stains. Luckily I brought my own, so I used this for rest of my stay. Why would they reuse a stained towel?- Either hotel or housekeeping don't know their own policy. In bathroom, there's a hotel sign to the effect of Help save the environment. Reuse towel. If you want a new one put it on side of tub. Simple right? Well, we hung our towels on the hangars but they took it off. Big deal, right? So, they folded it up for us. Wrong. They took my towel away when they saw I had one of my own. Can't I have two?- Didn't replace toiletries. 1 used bar of soap. Not replaced. So, we used the shower gel as hand soap. Once those 2 bottles were used up...not replaced. Kleenex box empty. Not replaced. Down to last roll of toilet paper on roller...not replaced. 6 nights of this, we didn't complain cause we were able to get along with bare minimum. But on the last roll of toilet paper my friend got annoyed with service. She called down for 1 box of Kleenex, 1 roll of toilet paper. Staff brought us 2 rolls of toilet paper. - Walls very thin. Can hear piano/singing downstairs, noise in hall, noise upstairs  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pcintx
<Content>Clean but charmless Spent two days at the Barcelo Sants. It is a modern business hotel on top of the train station and totally sterile and charmless, and Barcelona has so many neighborhoods to stay in that are totally charming that I can't see the point of making the trip to stay at the Sants. The rooms, however, are big, very clean and reasonably priced. You will have to take the bus or metro to see the sights. And you will have to go to the Placa Espana if you want to take the train to Monserrat, there is no direct train from the Sants train station, although you can take the Metro to the Placa. I recommend staying in the Barri Gotic.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location It was quite simple really! We arrived by air and took the main Airport Bus straight to the front of the hotel. The hotel was clean, in great condition, cool and the rooms comfortable and modern.The location was excellent as it was above the main train station with metro routes available right throughout the city. The hotel had its own lift from the station, which was open till 11pm. Once this was shut then it was quite easy to climb the well-lit stairs on the side of the hotel.I am sure there are more quaint hotels with a central location but this one was excellent quality, price and with Taxi's and metro trains was accessible and a great hideaway!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Marcia Mae
<Content>pleasant .quietand comfortable Stayed at Barcelo Sants on the 31st o March and 1st of April. Rooms are pleasant and clean, quiet (over the train station.) Good value for money. Desk personel very hepful. Easy to take tourist bus out front. Rated above average.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location.. nou-camp is 3 stations away, las ramblas is 3-4 stations away...you can go to figuares, girona by train from the sants station.there is an elevator from the station to the hotel..if you like to travel a lot, sants is a good choice..  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but TERRIBLE service First of all, this hotel is in a great spot...on top of the train station. Easy to get on the metro, rent a car, or catch a train, but--and this is a big but--their staff was extremely rude and arrogant, and doesn't know the first thing about customer service.I remembered choosing between this hotel, and the hotel expo on hotels, and choosing this one because it has a fitness center (use not included in room rate), and because they offered a free breakfast(or at least I thought they did). Upon check in, I asked the deskperson if the room rate included breakfast. He said yes, and that there was a buffet-style breakfast each day, and that the cost was 2 euros. Free?...2E?...whatever, close enough, I thought. Next morning, we come downstairs hungry, and the woman behind the register at the buffet asks for 25 euros for breakfast! I tell her that our room was supposed to include the buffet for a special price of 2E. She responds that there's no 2E breakfast and that there's absolutely nothing she can do. I remain calm and ask who I can talk to about it. She points me to the front desk.I go to the front desk and speak with another gentleman (the arrogant one), explaining the situation. He says the same thing as the woman at the buffet. I explain that I remember vividly, choosing this hotel because they had a special deal including breakfast. He says estas equivocado...you're wrong. Through all of this being told that I'm mistaken and that there's nothing they can do, I remained very calm and polite. And finally, I tell him that in the future, you all should check to make sure that your webpage is updated and accurate. He says to me, there's no problem with the webpage. To which I respond, I distinctly remember seeing free breakfast on the webpage. And he says (with nose high in the air), no es posible...that's impossible. The most upsetting part of all this was not the fact that we didn't get what we thought we were getting when we made the reservation, but the fact that they were not willing to consider--for even a moment--that THEY could be wrong. And on top of that, we're talking about a buffet here. They're gonna cook the food anyway, either it gets eaten or gets thrown away. Either they could get 4E from us, and we would eat some of the food they would be throwing away, and leave satisfied customers....Or they could insist that I was wrong, do nothing, throw away the food, get no money, and get a bad review for their rude service...which they have now gotten.So take your chances if you want, but the expo is less than a block away, and comparably priced. I would never stay at the Barcelo Sants again. As a hotel, to think you can get away with giving terrible customer service is unacceptable.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for Money Stayed here for three nights and found it to be an excellent base - with bus, train, metro and tourist bus links on hand. I had read some previous reviews which were critical of the buffet breakfast but at 12 euro it represented fair value. Rooms are warm and must be uncomfortable in the height of summer but we had two room keys and kept one in the slot for air conditioning,lighting most of the time. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No direct train from the airport. Reading previous reviews, I was sort of looking forward to the convenience this hotel provides, transportation-wise. I was disappointed to learn that since December of 2005, the formerly direct train from the Barcelona airport to the in-hotel station is under repair. Yes, you can still take the train. But it involves leaving from the airport, going a stop or two away, unloading all your luggage, going down a set of stairs and then up another set of stairs and getting on another train. No escalator available. While it's obviously cheaper than a taxi, I certainly don't recommend it. There are also buses available which leave from the airport train station (go across the overhead pedestrian bridge from the airport to the train station, pass the ticket booth and go out the front doors)to the Sants station, a better option for the budget-minded traveler, than the train. While it was definitely nice to have the metro actually inside the building, it didn't seem to make up for the depressing look and feel of the hotel. It has all the charm of an over-tired Holiday Inn. The desk staff are polite, helpful and speak quite enough English to more than adequately handle any situation. And my room was cleaned well, each day. So, zero problem with service. It's just the drab surroundings of a hotel in desperate need of a makeover which really didn't help. That and not being able to walk outside and have anything I really wanted to see, nearby.Next time, I plan to stay somewhere in the Eixemple district. Preferably near the Grand Via metro station. I more than capable of walking a block or two to the metro. And it's worth a couple cab rides to and from the airport, to me, to stay in an area boasting excellent restaurants, and all the other things I'll enjoy. I would have been much happier. As it is, you walk the equivalent of probably a few blocks to go from the Barcelo Sants Hotel lobby down to the green line metro stop in the building. So you aren't saving a lot of steps, unless you plan to ride the blue line, exclusively. And to echo what others have said, watch your belongings in the Sants station. A man had his wallet stolen, right in front of me, while riding up a packed escalator in the train station.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing hotel Amazing hotel..cheap considering it was 4 star..staff were great and the location couldnt be bettered.The room was hot but we asked for a fan and they gave it to us in minutes.Thanks for a wonderful stay  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>quentinsf
<Content>Quite practical This isn't in any sense a romantic spot - it's a modern box above a station, and there's not much within walking distance, and as somebody else pointed out, the windows don't open. But there are lots of hotels like that, and while I wouldn't choose to stay at any of them, this is one of the better ones. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the staff helpful, and the food was good. It's a transport hub so it's pretty easy to get there from the airport by bus or train and to get anywhere in the city by metro. I got my room through lastminute.com and it was good value.The street straight in front of the hotel looks like a major road unlikely to support any night life, but just a few doors down on the right I found a little restaurant called La Masia del Rocxi. They didn't speak any English, but had an elderly menu in English (with prices still in pasetas). It was full of locals and the food was very good. Recommended.One previous posting said there was no way to get back into the hotel late at night, except up the car ramp. There is in fact a white spiral staircase on the left of the hotel as you look at the front.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mirabel
<Content>Well, it's a cheap place to stay Everyone seems enamoured of this place but we booked for 2 nights and hot-footed it out of there after one. This hotel is one of those 70s style boxes with non-opening windows, hallucination-inducing carpet and thin walls. The room was so hot and airless we could barely breathe, and there was no way to control the temperature.(This was January, we aren't talking a hot day). We asked to be moved, and were, to a room 4 doors away, which had the a similar problem. There were signs everywhere attesting to the quality of the air in the hotel. Methinks they do protest too much - it must be an ongoing issue. On a positive note, the rooms are clean and large with big bathrooms, and the staff are polite. The location is not that great - you have to take a crowded subway to get anywhere. We opted to go to a hotel in town where we could walk to places (and happily paid a lot more money for it).There seemed to be quite a few couples having fun (thin walls) and there's a good bar, so they probably thought it was just fantastic.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Narinder
<Content>Excellent hotel We have just returned from a 3 day stay at Barcelo Sants. The hotel is excellent and i would highly recommend it. The customer service was top notch, with friendly and helpful staff, clean and comfortable rooms with room service and many extra's at reasonable rates. The hotel itself is in a centrel location, with easy access to all the sites and considering it is above a busy train station we never felt any noise. I would definetely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bustamove
<Content>Great Place to Stay Went for this hotel after reading reviews on this site, and was not disapointed.The hotel is easy to get to from the airport as the train goes straight from the airport to the train station below the hotel. The station also has many places to eat and easy access to the metro and the tourist bus.The staff were friendly and were able to get us a reservation at the city's top mexican restaurant at short notice. Rooms were nice and bright with large windows and we had a good view of the city below.Would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Terms of Location The location and the friendly staff (With the exception of the bar-lounge bartenders) is GREAT. A very good deal for you money! Even though, they can do better in terms of closet space (only four draws per room.) The train station is directly under the hotel lobby it easily provides access to two different trains plus other forms of transportation. Overall, a great experience.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelona Sants is great!! I just returned from a trip to Spain and can't say enough good things about the Barcelo Sants Hotel in Barcelona. First of all, the location can't be beat. I took the night train from Madrid and when we arrived in Barcelona all I had to do was take an elevator upstairs and check in! The convenience was very important to me as I was traveling alone. I could hop on a tour bus, take the Metro or train to anywhere I wanted to go. The morning I checked out, I left my luggage with the bellman, went touring all day and came back picked up my luggage and got on the night train to Monaco. Another impressive thing about the Barcelo Sants is the staff - everyone I dealt with really went out of their way to help me. When I returned from Monaco and checked in again a couple of the clerks recognized me and welcomed me back! Really made me feel good. My room was neat and clean - could use a little face lift and the beds are hard but overall I really enjoyed my visit there and would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mely
<Content>Awesome hotel The Barcelo Sants Hotel is located right above the major train station in Barcelona, Barcelo Sants, so both trains and buses arrive there. It is highly convenient if you're arriving late via bus or train. The hotel itself is great. I usually don't expect much from European hotels, but this was a major exception. The room was big, the bathroom was big, we had a king size bed, and fresh fruit was waiting for us in our room. The staff is courteous, accomodating, and very friendly. They kept stored our bags at no extra charge the last day that we were there and the use of their computers to access the Internet was free. The location is super convenient if you're going to be using the Metro to get around the city. If not, taxis and buses are also accessible from the hotel. I would definetely go back there and stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnscott
<Content>Just OK, needs some elbow grease This Hotel sits right on top the train station, and sub way system, which is good if you're traveling by train or a little on the cheap, getting in late via train, I would recomend this Hotel for American college kids, or twenty somethings saving a buck. The negatives are its really pewtrid in decor, andthe breakfast is really marginal, but just go on the lower level where the train station is for breakfast. (Basically, to much volume being pushed through the Hotel) The biggest negative for me was the Hotel could have been cleaner, this really irks me when a Hotel is dirty. A much nicer Hotel for only 20 or 30 bucks more would be the Fira Palace were I stayed a month ago, its in the same area, more quiet, close to the park, and subway system, and very clean and not as hectic.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>The_Truffles
<Content>An absolute bargain When someone tells you that this hotel sits above the major train station in Barcelona, your expectations may not be high. Indeed, when you arrive at the Plaza dels Paisos Catalanes, you may wonder what happened to the beautiful Barcelona you'd seen so much of in the guide book. But fear not - what this hotel lacks in terms of 'prettiness', it more than makes up for with it's extremely friendly and helpful staff (who could not have been more accomodating), clean modern rooms, good selection of bars and restaurants and a well equipped gym. The very fact that the hotel is a mere 2,60 euro train ride away from the airport almost makes it worth staying here on its own (I have never experienced such a cheap transfer before).On the basis of this experience, we would almost certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel Lovely hotel, nice clean rooms! And also very quiet! If you're going to barcelona to see all the sights. Tourist bus stops outside of hotel - this is brilliant, takes you everywhere, cheap enough at 17 euros for one day or 23 for two days! Get on and off as much as you like. Hotel just above train station, ideal to get around. La Ramblas is about 2-3 miles away and costs approx 9 euros if you decide to take taxi. Highly recommend hotel, all staff friendly and speak english brilliantly. Would definately visit again!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pbaudit
<Content>Very Pleased with Barcelo Sants The Barcelo Sants is a transit friendly hotel, located above the Estacion Sants (Sants Station). The hotel is serviced by a train station, Metro and the Tourist Bus. It is a decent, standard hotel that is located about 2-3 miles from Las Rambles. The rooms were relatively large (for a European room - comparable to a standard US hotel room), with good air conditioning (important during the summer). Getting to the hotel from the Airport was very easy. The Airport train station is accessed via an overhead walkway between terminals A  B. The fare is 2.30 Euros. The train is very popular and there was a long line to buy tickets at the station (tip - use the automated ticket machines to the left - they accept credit cards and Euros). The train stops at Estacion Sants (2nd stop). You get out onto the platform and take the escalator (or elavator) to the station. Since we were going on a cruise, we had a lot of luggage. Fortunately, there is an open gate (to the left) that we used. The hotel entrance is a few steps from the open gate. You take a small elevator that goes up to the lobby.The hotel has a bar, restaurant, fitness center, and a Cyber area. I didn't eat that the restaurant, although it looked like they had a decent breakfast buffet for 12 Euros. The Fitness center (10 Euros) is very good with treadmills and other cardio equipment. It also has an ice machine (on the 2nd floor). There is a Super market (Hipermarket) at an adjacent corner to the hotel.Getting to other areas within Barcelona was very easy, taking Metro or the train. The station is service by 2 Metro lines (3  5). The Metro fares are reasonable 1.15 Euro per trip, or 10 trips for 6.50 Euros. Las Rambles was about a 10-15 minute metro ride.We stayed at the Bacelo Sants both for pre cruise and post curise. For both stays, we were able to check in early (12 noon and 10 am). We took a cab to/from the Cruise dock and were charged 16  10 Euros. Cab fares can vary greatly as, in addition to the metered rate, they are supposed to charge extra for each bag and a cruise port surcharge (2 Euro). We were fortunate as our drivers (to and from) the cruise ports neglected to charge us for some (or all) of the surcharges. Our friends, who were actually much closer to the port (near Las Rambles), paid 25 Euros for a cab. We were very pleased with our stay at the Barcelos Sants, especially when you consider our friends paid over 220 Euros for their hotel (near Las Rables) and we paid $100 via Priceline. Our friends complained that their hotel rooms were small, one had air conditioning problems, and wouldn't allow them to check in early. If you are not particular about staying in a specific area (i.e. Las Rambles), then I would highly recommend the Barcelo Sants  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oatesy
<Content>Super location, super choice       view from hotel room on the 6th floor  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location. Jerks for staff. Ok hotel. Situated above the Sants metro station, which makes it easy to get around. The hotel restaurant is extremely overpriced, so don't eat there. There are many other good restaurants located in the area, especially on or near Calle Vallespir. Services are overpriced as well, such as phone calls and laundry services. There is a laundromat at 136 Vallespir and a supermarket across the street. Personally, I'd recommend staying somewhere closer to Las Ramblas or Plaza Catalunya. There is a major metro station there and lots of shops and sites nearby. One local I spoke to said the area in which the Barcelo Hotel is located is kind of dangerous at night. The staff can be quite rude as well. This is a business hotel, and I'm sure all the desk staff can speak Castilian as well as Catalan because both are taught in Spanish schools. Yet when I arrived, the two girls at the desk refused to speak to me in Castilian.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice. May 2005. My son and I stayed at the Barcelo Sants for 4 nights. We couldn't believe that a hotel above a train station/subway was so quiet. The location was great -easy subway rides to tourist highlights and direct train to/from airport and we liked the neighborhood cafes too for our morning coffee and croissant or late night dinners. Nice room and spacious bathroom. We got a great rate online and they gave us a room on the top floor (7th) with a view. Professional staff. No complaints.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights and we couldn't have picked a better hotel. The hotel is above the Sants station and is absoutely fantastic for its location! The train goes straight from the airport to the station and within few minutes, you can be sitting in your hotel room without the fuss of wandering around a new city looking for streets that don't exist on your tourist guide.A word of warning though, the lift that takes you from the station to the hotel above closes at midnight so if you come back to the hotel via metro later than midnight it does mean a walk up the entrance for cars, a steep ramp uphill with no walkway for pedestrians. However I recommend that you can get taxis as they are extremely cheap (about 4-7 Euros depending on where you are) and easy to catch anywhere around Barcelona.The people that moan about it not being near the action must have been in another hotel as the Metro was so accessible (being just below the hotel!) and as I said, taxis were very good value for money. The soundproofing does work as we could not hear the noise from the station. The air con was fantastic and kept us cool during the gorgeously hot weather!I agree with other people that the rooms need updating as our safe and fridge wasn't working but the staff are wonderful and gave us a new room straight away. The room is a good enough size with a nice bathroom and a lovely view of Barcelona. If you're looking for luxury, this hotel is not it but the hotel is terrific for people who truly want to sightsee Barcelona as it is in a fantastic location, it is clean and the beds are comfy!A night time visit to Cafe Zurich is essential (at the end of the Las Ramblas, Catalunya station), perfect for people watching. The food and drink prices around Barcelona are fantastic. The Hard Rock Cafe is fantastic for anyone wanting a good old juicy burger.All in all, I had a wonderful stay and Barcelo Hotel Sants is the perfect hotel for sightseeing!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bestman
<Content>Pleasant Stay My Girlfriend and I stayed at the Barcelo sants for 6 nights. All in all wewere very happy with the level of service and the quality of theaccomodation. As mentioned by many other reviews I would say the hotel is nearer 3 1/2 * rather than 4*, but for the price we paid (circa æ‹¢50 anight) we were more than happy. It is very conveniently located in the train station and arrivingfrom the airport was very easy. staying here did away with the stress andhassel of finding your accomodation afte ariving in a new city and wechecked in rapidly.The rooms are the size you would expect but have some dated furniture and applicances. In some rooms there is wooden cabinets that dont actually open so serve no purpose other than filling a space in a room. The TV has numerous channels but most of them cater for french and german guests - and obviously Spanish. Things are a little thin on the ground for english guests considering they cater for other nationalities. In a 4* hotel Iwould expect Sky tv.Some people have mentioned the hard beds - but for myself I thought thatthey were very comfortable.My only complaint with the room was with the fridge. We were forced tochange rooms as our fridge leaked and left an awful smell in the room - we actually noticed in the first day but decided to grin and bear it - butafter 3 days it only got worse. However changing rooms was very easy. Myonly concern was that the hotel would place someone in that roomimmediately after we had moved out without fixing the problem.I do agree that the hotel needs a little refurbishment - the carpets andfurnishings were a little dated but not overly so.The above comments however, should not detract from the quality of thehotel. We were more than happy with our stay, the staff were very helpfuland multilingual, they helped up with recommending restaurants and marking places on maps for us.All in all a very pleasant stay.I would recommend eating in Citrus restaurant (catalyuna metro station) up from Las Ramblas on the corner of Pasia de Gracia.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a good location Location: not ideal for first-time visitors, especially if you plan to spend most of your time around the Barri Gotic/RamblasDecor: 80's style; the lounge need major remodeling (dirty armchairs)Facilities: decent bathroom but it lacked essential features suche as an alarm clockStaff: mostly friendly and useful  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>worldtraveler1234
<Content>great location We stayed at here for 3 nights in May 2005. We found good rates for it through hotels. The location was excellent. Being at the train station made it easy for us to return our rental car there, to get around all of barcelona and also to catch our train back to Madrid. We didn't have any issues with the noise that others have complained about. We were on the 6th floor and would not even be able to notice that we were living in the train station. The size of the room and the bathroom was pretty good for european standards. Excellent location, good room, all in all a good experience. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gst1
<Content>Back to the 80's The Hotel Sants is right above the main railway station of Barcelona so ideal to get to from your train.You may end up trawling around the absolutely huge station concourse to find the entry point because there are no direction signs at all!You will also find that the normal entrance via the station concourse is shut after midnight, so should you come back late then I'm afraid it's a long walk right around the permitter of the stattion and up the car ramp to the entrance.The hotel staff seemed friendly enough and were helpful when required just as one would expect I guess!Decor is back to the 80's with worn out wild pattern carpets and light marble mixed with white gloss corridor furniture. Decorative effects consisted of huge brown and cream woolen rugs and droopy things hanging off the walls.The executive double rooms have a large king size bed which was very comfortable. The bathrooms were again slighty worn out, but still kept clean, the shower was great - very powerfull. Air con did the job on those warmer days.There are 2 bar areas, 1 in the lobby and 1 on the 1st floor mezzanine level. Both staffed with proffesional and helpful bartenders. The lobby level seating is rather tatty and uncomfortable yet the 1st floor bar was rather cosy with stools and wooden panelling.Barca is great - there's tons to do and see but I'm still sorry to see that the whole city including some of its touristy areas is a graffiti ridden litter bin.There's some big clean up scheme going on called BC NETA meaning Barcelona Neater yet any BC Neta bins I saw near the beaches were blown over.There's gum stuck all over La Ramblas and at night there's a few dodgy characters. But I guess thats part of its 'charm'.A fairly good hotel, but I bet for the same price you can find something slightly nearer the action.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room but as for the noise This hotel boasts of its soundproofing but we stayed for four nights and were unable to sleep until five in the morning due to a large party of guests on the floor(american visitors)partying outside our door and running up and down the landing,knocking on the door.Complained several times and told no other rooms were available.This spoilt what was a 50th birthday treat for me and I would have expected much better service from a supposed four star hotel.Fortunately,Barcelona itself was great and it was a pleasure to leave the hotel  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>elyralyn
<Content>Stayed for the convenience       Our room (two twins)  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TravelLind
<Content>Very Convenient for Train Travel The hotel is IN the train station so is very convenient when traveling by train. Though the entrance to the lobby is by elevator from the station, there is absolutely no noise in the hotel itself. Staff was pleasant and the lobby and rooms are spacious and clean. Cost 100 euros.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohmirose
<Content>No frills room but great breakfast. Unimpressive building and neighborhood. Room size adequate but just barely. Firm mattresses. Large body wrap size towels. Shower worked great. Full length mirror on closet doors. Very quiet room on 3rd floor. The best thing was the buffet breakfast, included in the price. It was the best of several hotels we stayed in throughout Spain. Nice comfortable, large dining room. Made to order omlettes, variety of juices, cereals, pastries, sausage.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>indylegs
<Content>Great location We had heard lots about noisy hotels in the more touristy parts of the city so plumped for the Barcelo Sants due to it's excellent location for the metro. The hotel is located above the Estacio Sants railway station and metro. We were able to hop on a train from the airport and basically arrived in our hotel whose entrance is in the main station concourse. Accessing the main city centre and resorts such as Stiges couldn't have been easier. Don't let the location above a railway station put you off...would never have known it was there and the room was extremely quiet. The room was clean and the shower powerful!The hotel is quite business orientated but it didn't bother us and we enjoyed many a cerveza in the piano lounge.Pre-visit I was impressed with the communication from the hotel and my request for a high floor with a good view was met.The only minus point was that the Receptionists were pretty miserable but luckily we did not have a need to come into contact with them other than at check in and check out!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Location This hotel is perfect for a short visit where you need to fit a lot in. the Location is ideal, situated above Barcelonas main train/metro station you can be anywhere in 20 mins maximum. I noticed the benefits of this as my friends stayed in the 5star Majestic which is located 4 streets up from the top of La Ramblas in the trendy Eixample district. We met up with them quite a lot and they usually walked or got a cab to the centre, whereas we juct jumped on and off the metro as we pleased which is by far the best way to see this wonderful city. The Hotel itself is opposite one of the main attractions on the tourit bus route, a nice basic park which provides a bit of site seeing and an escape from closed doors. The staff are extremely Helpful and the rooms are a decent size with the usual amenities. It is also not far away from FC Barcelona's Camp Nou, a must see for all football fans.For anyone who wishes to have a short break in Barcelona and get about to a lot of different sites this is ideal. The Metro shuts at midnight Sun to Thurs, and at 2am on fri/Sat. However a Taxi doesn't take more than 5 to 10 minutes and is very cheap, 4 to 5 Euros during the day and 8 to 9 after midnight.I can highly recommend this hotel, and is relatively cheap considering it's location and rating.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelLady30
<Content>Pretty Good When we arrived in Barcelona via train, my boyfriend and I had been travelling through Europe for 13 days... When we saw that the hotel the was IN the train station...we were Thrilled!!! Now, it is not located in the heart of barcelona. We actually rode the subway, taxi's and tour bus to get around Barcelona. And they are all readily accessible at this hotel, because of the train station. And the location didn't really matter, because Barcelona is such a big city, you have to hop on some form on transportation to get around. The room was the best we stayed in for our entire trip. We finally had King sized bed!! Most of the beds in Europe are twin or double...with two American Lovers on a fantasy European trip...that pretty much -----! So, we were very happy in being able to cuddle in a big bed! Bathroom was big, closet was big, room was clean, mini bar was convenient. The hotel has a conference center so you have a lot of business people running around. The hotel staff was very friendly and spoke very good English. Overall, I'd give this hotel an A.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good location We stayed at the Barcelo Sants for 4 nights in March 2005 and found the hotel to live up to our expectations. The location is great as it is located right above the train, bus and metro stations. Service to the airport, the rest of Spain (and even France) and elsewhere in the city are fast and practical. The hotel has its own entrance directly in the station. Also, for those who do not want to eat at the hotel restaurant, the station has several restaurants which are not expensive.The room was big enough, clean, and the service impeccable. We would return.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peegee
<Content>Good in parts       View from our room (2nd floor)  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>virginbride
<Content>Not bad at all! Stayed at Barcelo Sants For 3 nights for a well needed girlie weekend.Hotel location was brilliant, being just above train station, rooms were clean  comfortable,reception staff were helpful  efficient (pointed us in direction of ice machine  provided iron  board.)The tour bus stops right outside the station which is handy  u must have breakfast in restaurants within the station much cheaper than the hotel  excellent variety.oh yes,the lift from the station closes at midnight so take a taxi back to the hotel after your night out  it will eject you right to the hotel door. Have fun in Barcelona!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! Fabulous location, spotless rooms, staff were so friendly and helpful. The location was excellent right above the train station, next to the bus station for reus airport, perfect if flying into reus with ryanair. taxi rank next to hotel. The bar restaurant and gym were great additions too. Id highly reccommend this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mavo
<Content>Not a 4star hotel The hotel has an excellent location (Sants train and subway station), the buffet breakfast (12 euros per person) is good and the cleaning is also satisfactory. But, service is not good, in room safe is a joke (do not pay 3,6 euros a day for something so bad), minibar and laundry service are too expensive. The room is spacious, but they do not use the space properly (they have have a huge useless and ugly furniture just besides the old tv). There is no radio or alarm clock at the room. Nice view, good bed, but terrible pillow. It is not a 4star hotel. Could be a 3 star one, not more than that. If you find a 70 euro rate like i did, it is not that bad. And, some advice, eat at the hotel, specially in winter. Do not use the internet (too expensive), instead go to the ramblas, and next to Subway, you will find an Easy Internet Cafe (1 euro for 30 minutes). Good luck at Barcelona!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location for day trips We loved the Barcelo Sants hotel. We stayed 4 nights in February 2005. The train station below was convenient to get to the airport. We used the metro sytem in the station to travel all over the area. Hotel staff were friendly and took care of every need we brought to them. Our room was immaculate and very comfortable. Next time in Barcelona, we will definitely look up this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lalayna
<Content>Great Value and would come again This hotel is fabulous. Amazing value for price. Recommend staying here and I would definetly stay here again.Clean lush rooms with amazing views of Barcelona. Helpful and friendly staff. Rooms, towles, tolietries cleaned and replaced daily. Choice of non smoking room. Breakfast is a bit xxxy but hey there are shops on ground level with plenty of choice.Location Location.....very easy to get around as is on top of train station and brilliant once arriving of long plane journey to not have to stumble around and find hotel. And Nooo you cannot hear, feel or smell trains.Ryanairhotels have awesome deals too very cheap.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bikerchick
<Content>def not a 4 star think Travel Inn, only not as clean. We asked for some spare sheets on our first night and when I unfolded the it I nearly threw up- it was covered, and I mean covered in human poo. didn't any staff notice when they were carefully folding it up?the bathroom wasn't that clean either but it did have an impressive shower.On its posters it boasts about sound-proofed rooms, obviously this doesn't apply to all rooms as I could hear my neighbours on each side move about on their carpets. Luckily they were non-snorers and were very quiet.I have an othopedic (sp?) bed at home, but even I found the mattresses hard. I tried to check-out on the 1st night but I had paid upfront and the clerk refused to help.on the positive, the king size bed was the widest thing i've ever slept in. It was directly over train station and all major bus-stops. I'm glad I was only there for 3 nights.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>decent hotel We found the hotel to be fairly easy to locate from the train station below. The room was nice and clean. The staff was friendly enough, but we found discrepancies in the information we were given about various things. We did find a nice place for dinner nearby- Pizza Roma. We had a nice meal there that was much more affordable than the hotel's restaurant. We did order room service one night, and it was very nice. If we went back to Barcelona, we would consider staying here again, but it might be better to stay somewhere a little more centrally located.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Building - Poor Location We stayed at the Sants for three days in January 2005. We arrived from the aiport on the train and quickly found the lift to the hotel on the station. It was good not having to get taxis or a bus! However, take note of the times above the door that this lift operates - it closes at midnight and and we found getting into the hotel on foot was difficult, it is not well signposted.The decor of the reception and lobby bar is bright and modern and very opulent. The staff were freindly and spoke good English. This hotel would be excellent for the business traveller but not so good for sightseers. This is the major problem. There is not much outside the hotel, if you need anything the only options are the shops in the station. There was nothing of note in the vicinty of the hotel and although the room rates aren't too bad for this hotel, it is NOT a hotel for those on a budget. The metro is handy but can get tiresome. Buy a T-10 card for the metro and airport train and share it across the barrier if you want. I'm not sure if this is commonplace but we didn't buy the 20euro thing to use the safe so we put our privacy please sign on the door and went out to look around. When we came back we found the beds were made and the bathroom tidy. Even though we weren't in the room I thought privacy would mean privacy.In summary, this is a hotel catering for those who don't have to worry about money, and who don't want to travel easily around Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good But not 4 star I had lived in Hotel Sants for 8 days. I stayed in a standard room so could not expect much.Few Things that I liked are:1) It is an economical place and good for people on a small budget.2) The reception staff was friendly and polite.3) Good bathroom and a very powerful shower.4) Very Good for people who want to travel around since It is connected to the Metro station and the other rail and bus stations.If you need a double bed ask for it.....and do not have breafast in the hotel. There is a McDonalds in the station or u can quickly venture into La Rambla for a nice and cheap brkfst.Yet most importantly, there is no pub or a good restaurant close to the restaurant so u need to ensure that u have ur food needs taken care of.A few more tips: La Rambla / Barri Gothic is the place to hang around.Buy a 10 trip travel card for euro 6 (cheap....very cheap option)Shop some frozen fish from Champion Supermarket to bring back home.And, visit BarcelonaCentral a Food Joint in the Boqueira Market at the La Rambla for some Good sea food...cooked and served hot!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay there again ! My friends and I were at this hotel for 3 nights, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. Rooms were of a good size, clean and the staff were all helpful and friendly. The hotel is right above the train station so the location is extremely convenient for travelling and getting around as all trains buses and taxi's are only a stone throws away. There are also shops downstairs, so that was very handy for coffee, snacks, or even gift shopping.Best of all were the breakfasts in this place, absolutely amazing. There were over 5 different types of freshly squeezed juices, cereals, hot breakfasts, cakes, pastries, everything you could possibly think of, it was there. So if you go there, make sure you have breakfast before you set out for the day. I would recommend the omlettes.... delicious !All in all a good hotel, nice rooms, nice lobby and reception and bar area downstairs, and excellent breakfasts !  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient, average room/service I stayed at this hotel in December 2004. The location is convenient, as it is inside the Sants train station. If you arrive late into town or are leaving early via train or bus this is the way to go. The price can be reasonable (I paid 70 Euros without reservation). The service varies, one staff member was useless and rude, another was very good. Overall I liked the location, I only needed a bed to sleep in until I moved on to exploring the city.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and Clean We arrived in the beginning of October for 5 nights. The Room was comfortable and clean. The staff was friendly. There was an extra charge to use the safe. The Hotel is very quiet. Do not worry about the train station below ground. Next time I would probably stay in a little more central hotel. It took a minium of 20- 30 minutes on the metro to get to any of Barcelona's attractions. The hotel is more of a 3.5 than a 4 star. American tourists bring your own soap because the staff is a bit stingy on replacing it. The buffet breakfast is expensive and not that great.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Stay at Barcelo Sants We were really happy with our stay at Hotel Barcelo Sants. Had an excellent break, with the hotel providing good facilities, including a really well equiped gym, mini bar, sat TV and a very powerful hot shower! The hotel is a little outside the main city, however is built above a key train station, so offers direct links to the main areas by metro, taxi or buses with no probs. The main tourist buses also run from outside the hotel.All in all, really pleased with the hotel - good views from the rooms too. Decor is a little 80s, but if you can see beyond the crazy pink carpet, you'll have an enjoyable stay!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pairc
<Content>Good hotel Stayed in the Barcelo Hotel Sants for three nights and enjoyed my stay. The room was perfect. The hotel is not in the centre of Barcelona but is above the metro and a train station so it is really easy to get aroung the city. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schnauzerlady
<Content>A Lovely Commercial Hotel Barcelo Sants is exactly what it purports to be -- an excellent commercial hotel. It makes no claim to charm -- it does offer comfortable, non-smoking accommodations, is perfectly located ... right above the train station, and the staff is friendly and well trained. There is a direct rail link to/from the airport, and the station is a hub for local transport. There are also several nice family-run restaurants in the neighborhood, and several chain-type eating establishments in the station itself.My only complaint was that the wifi did not work from our room (it did well in the lobby); however, I was told that the system was very new and that not all the bugs had been worked out. I was given complimentary access because of the problems.And, when I got home, I had a nice email thanking me for staying at the Barcelo Sants. Even without this, I would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Problems Stayed here for 5 nights. Had very little contact with the staff but when I did they were helpful enough, some friendlier than others. I paid æ‹¢50 a night over five nights and for the money I paid I got a decent room with a King Size bed. No smoking, air conditioning worked just fine. No noise. Safe to place valuables in (cost éˆ§?.6). Breakfast was éˆ§?2 which is silly so didnt bother. Plenty of cafes around anyway, there is a cheap one in the station itself which is directly underneath the hotel. Hotel lies between 3 and 4 stars. Not 4 star. We were very happy with our stay here. Being above a train station there are no problems getting around Barcelona using the Metro. Everything was clean, bathroom had good shower and all in good nick.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! I really enjoyed my stay at the Barcelo Hotel Sants. I spent a week there and if you're looking for moderatly priced accommodation in an excellent location, i would thoroughly recommend you stay here. Location, service, rooms were all excellent. I have to say that i did find the breakfast fairly expensive (approx 11 euro), although you do get a discount rate if staying in the hotel. Definately very good value and well worth the stay!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(2188325, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harry_Mark
<Content>Excellent views   showReview(2171620, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>brilliant hotel   showReview(1711959, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great quality, cheap and cheerful great access to airport and centre of Barcelona   showReview(1707405, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap   showReview(1520588, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value   showReview(1495426, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelo Sants   showReview(1284022, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very satisfied   showReview(1221776, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel in Barcelona   showReview(1136975, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super hotel, super price   showReview(1104793, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oihan
<Content>En horas bajas   showReview(20227256, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un 4 èŒ…toiles vèŒ…ritable   showReview(19633150, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour le prix et le transport facile mais bruyant   showReview(19633148, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TorinoFra
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(19324489, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Evaluation   showReview(19633145, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hä¹ˆtel trçŒ«s pratique   showReview(19633144, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr schæžšnes Hotel Zentrale Lage Optimal mit Metro und Bus zu erreichen   showReview(19633142, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon hä¹ˆtel   showReview(19633147, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel idealement placèŒ… pour visiter barcelone   showReview(19633146, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19633143, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>quando torno a barcellona ci riandrè²Œ   showReview(19633141, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Central   showReview(18536315, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualitèŒ… prix   showReview(18536314, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superlage wegen Bahnhof   showReview(18536313, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel confortable   showReview(18536312, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fçœ‰r Stadtbesichtigung und Reisen ideal   showReview(18536310, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Leider kein WLAN   showReview(17428767, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Lage   showReview(17428766, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>josephliotta
<Content>Decentrato ma ben collegato   showReview(15364088, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien situe loin des ramblas et de la foule bus et metro devant l'hotel   showReview(15568147, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Peccato l'impossibilitè„¿ di...   showReview(16729291, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bonheur !   showReview(15568146, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¤å‘«ä¼€é©å¯¸ç¥¼éŠ†ä½µä»ºéŠˆå‚˜äº±éŠ‡å¿Žç©¶é’â•‹ç´’   showReview(19888149, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>perolaMiami
<Content>Muy agardecido con el staff   showReview(14896050, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¤å‘¯æ´¿ç»²æ„¶ç´’   showReview(19888131, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Soweit ok, klassisches Kettenhotel   showReview(14727370, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14727369, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hä¹ˆtel   showReview(13978013, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>potrebbero fare meglio   showReview(13197724, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci ritorneremo   showReview(13197716, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Senza infamia nçŒ« lodi   showReview(13197723, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione strategica   showReview(13197717, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel excelente. NO estè°© en el...   showReview(11422608, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sicuramente ci tornero'   showReview(11306028, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(11306030, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>é—ˆç‚²çˆ¶éŠ‡î‚¡ç©¶é’?#x201d;   showReview(19886534, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gçœ‰nstig, zentral und der Lack ist etwas ab   showReview(11661197, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ganz okay   showReview(11661196, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¤å‘«ä¼„æ¶“å¨¿ä¼€éŠ‡å‚˜å€ éŠ‰æ¶–å„éŠ‰î‚ ä»¾...   showReview(21803045, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona scelta valida opzione   showReview(11306029, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfecto hotel para viajeros...   showReview(11422609, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Anbindung an Metro und Bahn   showReview(11445151, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>baballe24
<Content>Facile d'accçŒ«s depuis l'aeroport.   showReview(8483792, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pour un bon sejour   showReview(11445148, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non çŒ« un quattro stelle   showReview(11445146, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rabft
<Content>Solide!   showReview(8256672, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ‰æ„©å„·éŠˆæ±‡å„¹éŠ‰å¨¿å…“éŠˆç‚¹å…‚éŠ‰å‹¯îŠ...   showReview(21802761, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>é–¬å‘«äº¸éŠ‡ï¸ºå€ç€¹å¤Šç¸¾éŠ‡Ñä»šéŠ†?#x201d;   showReview(19885339, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel un peu bruyant au niveau des placards et portes palieres   showReview(11493747, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¤å‘¯æ´¿ç»²æ„©ä»¹æ¾¶Ñƒî˜®æ¸šåž®åŸ„   showReview(19885231, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Cityhotel   showReview(11421192, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Lage, aber sonst enttç›²uschend,keine 4 Sterne   showReview(11421191, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super-Verkehrsgçœ‰nstig gelegen   showReview(11421190, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ‰æ„©å„·éŠˆæ±‡å„¹éŠ†â‚¬éŠˆç‚¹å…‚éŠ‰?#x201d;   showReview(19885148, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MMGSevilla
<Content>Bien situado   showReview(7431665, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona posizione, comodo...   showReview(11422607, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11406327, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage aber keine highlights   showReview(11406326, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¤å‘«ä¼„æ¶“å¨¿ä»¾éŠ‡î†ºä»¹éŠ†ä½½åµŽé—â”¿å€°...   showReview(21802201, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je compte bien y retourner excellent hotel   showReview(11394020, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(11387338, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pizzu5
<Content>Semplicemente perfetto!   showReview(6519312, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel confortable et bien situèŒ…   showReview(11372859, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hä¹ˆtel de trçŒ«s bonne qualitèŒ… trçŒ«s bien situèŒ…   showReview(11363119, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nur fçœ‰r Liebhaber von Klimaanlagen   showReview(11363118, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentral, + gleichwohl gute Flughafenanbindung   showReview(11363117, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>å¨²æ¥ƒåéŠ‡æ›˜å€¢éŠ‡ï¸ºäºœéŠ‡ä¿±ä»š   showReview(19884498, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis / Leistung ok.   showReview(11363116, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ‰æ„©å„·éŠˆæ±‡å„¹éŠ†â‚¬éŠˆç‚¹å…‚éŠ‰?#x201d;   showReview(19884467, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Im Herzen Barcelonas   showReview(11345940, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>é’â•€ç©¶éŽ¬Ñäº´é‘¹îˆ˜äºœ   showReview(19884458, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Estuve 4 dias, viaje de placer...   showReview(11422610, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>agrèŒ…able ... pour affaires   showReview(11337648, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu decu   showReview(11337647, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si c a refaire ns retournerions au meme hotel   showReview(11337637, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un trçŒ«s bon sèŒ…jour   showReview(11345931, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hä¹ˆtel   showReview(11345930, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Praktische Lage, sehr sauber, komfortabel und freundlich-kompetenter Service   showReview(11337636, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel standard 4* (type Novotel... en moins joli)   showReview(11332004, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage, sehr ordentlich, international   showReview(11331169, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éˆæ¿‡æ£­éŠ‡å‹«åžªæŒå¨¿ä»¹éŠ‡î†¼åš­é§æ’å…“æ¾¶æ»ˆäºéŠ‡å¿•æ½ƒéŠ‡å¿”æ¢¾éŠˆæŽ‹ä»šéŠˆå¬¨ä»¾éŠˆå¤‹æ¸¶æ¥‚æ¨¸ä¼„éŠ‰î…œå™éŠ‰ç¬ºå¡éŠ‰Ñå…‚éŠ†?#x201d;   showReview(19930457, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grand hotel situèŒ… dans une...   showReview(11422611, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

