<Author>lst123
<Content>Great Best Western All of the hotel staff were outstanding! Very hlepful and friendly. Hotel is very centrally located to everything.You get what you pay for at this hotel; It's older  noisy (due to being in a big city), but clean and what you would expcet for the money.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caribariba
<Content>nice and clean, good rate Very positive experience. Hotel is located in the center of SF so do expect some noise.Rooms were clean and very nicely decorated. Staff pleasant and helpful. I would recommend it. Parking is just next door $25 overnight. Breakfast was the greatest disappointment and not worth $7.00 they charge.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>palilalehua
<Content>Great Hotel - Loved it! Great place to stay. My sister recommended it to us and I've recommended it to friends (who have now stayed there more than once!) Centrally located, great room and we met some great people at the wine and cheese social time in the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drpepper1966
<Content>There has to be a better place to stay that costs ~ $150/night. No parking, no remote or TV reception, cracks in the bathroom floor, and toilet plumbing issues - yikes! They gave me a $30 discount, but it was not enough. We had 2 different hotel staff people in our bathroom for a half hour in the morning dealing with plumbing issues. I won't stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>besssie
<Content>Not a good experience. Having read other reviews of this hotel, I want to repeat the warnings others have posted. To sumarise our experience: On booking in we were told our pre-booked suite was not ready but booked as requested. A double double on a high floor. Our bags were stored and when we returned later the suite wasn't available anymore. We had to settle for a double and two singles on a lower floor. This meant my six-foot high son squashed into a single bed and his luggage had the other one. He tried the games but stopped when he realised it was an additional charge.The bathroom had a hole in the ceiling and mould as extra decoration. It smelt musty.Lightbulbs were out but there was an abundance of mouthwash. Weird. The noise throughout the night was awful and I resorted to earplugs. Looking back it was the battle to get the room which remains worst. This was not a relaxing experience. Try elsewhere if you can unless you are prepared to stand and negotiate/ argue with the reception.There are better hotels - we found one.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	2	

<Author>comoxgolfer
<Content>Never Again Check in and out went smooth, but that's about all. No water pressure and drains that don't. Wi-fi connection was between 1-3 bars on the 4th floor. Resulted in very poor speeds and one night no connection at all. Reported to front desk and they gave me a 1-800 number to call. Reported a problem with the shower and it took two days to fix. The street noise was bad. The emergency vehicle sirens kept you awake most of the night and the mass transit noise ensured you did not need an alarm clock in the morning. From a hotel charging $300 plus per night, we expected better.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>vegan-travel
<Content>Favorite Hotel EVER!       over-the-bed artwork -- nice touch!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenrad
<Content>Awesome Hotel!! This was the cutest little hotel! The rooms were so nice, decorated perfectly, and were so clean! We were worried about the area a few blocks down, but you can definitely walk to a lot of places from this hotel. The room had a large flat screen, comfy bed, and was just so cozy. My boyfriend and I were very impressed! Absolutely would stay here again. Great place.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler5577
<Content>Sorry...we've overbooked! Go somewhere else! Another married couple along with my wife and I traveled across the US to visit San Fransisco. Of course flying across the country, we had called 2 days in advance to confirm our reservations at the Hotel California. After 8 hours of flying and a 20 minute van ride we finally arrived at the hotel to find that they had overbooked our 2 bedroom suite and all other rooms and could not guarantee us a room for any of our 4 nights we were staying. The hotel's best offer was to shack us all up in a single room with double beds in a hotel where the rates were $150 more per night. The only offer the Hotel California made was that they would pay for the 1st night there. They would not budge on their downgrade of an offer which would cost us more money and jam the four travelers in a small hotel room. After 2 hours of standing, waiting, arguing, standing, waiting, and arguing, .... in the main lobby they suddenly had a 2 bedroom suite open up at their hotel. I guess the finally decided to bump someone else because they may be less trouble to deal with. I truly recommend to avoid this hotel at all costs. The manager was no where to be found and requests to talk to him on the phone were declined. Besides these two hours of Chapter 1 in Hotel NO NO's we weren't bothered the rest of our stay. However after their first impression on us all, we didn't expect much.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>stevo59
<Content>Hotel very very noice Althought the hotel room where nice, the noice of fire engines going out all the time throught the night, kept me and fellow friends awake all night, If you want to be able to sleep at night don;t book here. where there 2 nights, slept about 4 hours in total.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ColeFamily
<Content>Probably Not Again This hotel isn't horrible, but it isn't great either. The pictures are a little deceiving. Although they apparently have remodeled recently it seems as though they scrimped on the details. From afar it looks nice, but up close it's pretty shabby. For example, the crown molding isn't repaired just painted over, where tile meets wood flooring it looks like a 2 year old did it, where they have touched up paint they actually used different colors, the carpet is worn and the floors seem sketchy. The rooms aren't huge, but not entirely small either. I will say that we had a room on the 7th floor, which I thought was going to be great. But the windows are so paper thin, and the hotel is in such a busy area it litterally sounded like we were sleeping in the street. I'm not very proficient in busy cities, the sirens and trash trucks, (they pick up trash EVERY day) seemed like they were going ALL night long. The walls are so thin, you can actually hear the tv in the next room. It was my honeymood and arrived early and they would not let us check in early and we were not met with the promised frosty shot of tequilla. The area is good location wise, walking distance to China Town/Warf/Shopping but it is full of homeless people who are relentless in asking for change. Now for the positives.... They offer a breakfast for $7 and it's really good and the best price you'll get. Toast, bagels, cereals, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, sweets, rolled lunch meat and orange/pinneapple/grapefruit juices along with coffee and tea. We weren't ever at the hotel at 4:00 for the wine and cheese reception, another couple did say it was nice. And, they have what has been called the best vegan restaurant in San Fran. Wish I had more positive input, but I just dont.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	4	3	

<Author>ilove2travel50
<Content>Loved Hotel California We almost always stay at Best Western and have been pleased. Hotel California exceeded all expectations! We had a lovely time, the location is perfect and, of course, San Francisco is a lively town. Hotel California was within convenient walking distance to everything we wanted to experience and the afternoon complimentary wine, cheese and fruit topped off perfect days!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LurleneTurnipseed
<Content>Sweet place I thought this was a great place. We were in SF for a conference in July 2007. At the time the taxi driver took us first to the wrong place, the California Hotel which is about 6 blocks further down Geary (and scary!). We were relieved to make it to this beautiful place--bright, yellow, welcoming. The taxi driver said oh, the old Savoy Hotel. Don't know what it's rep was back then. Also, it's apparently now a Best Western hotel, but I don't think it was when we were there. In any event, we loved it. Very european feel to it, and clearly very recently remodeled (so maybe it used to have a bad rap). Cute yellow rooms with quotes from songs stenciled into the ceiling molding. Very small room, don't get me wrong, but it's a big city right and you can't have everything? Small but really well furnished. The bed was great, and there was a comfy pleather chair. The bathroom was very nice, and pretty well sized. Because it's SF in the summer we had to open up those double-hung windows to let the glorious 58 degree air in while we slept--BUT, that made it pretty noisy (and we weren't even facing the street). We found out later that there's a major hospital about 20 blocks west on Geary, so all the ambulances coming from the Union Square area zoom past the hotel with sirens blazing. But seriously that was not a big deal. Plus, there's tons of stuff nearby, you're only about 3 blocks from Union Square, can't beat that. Oh, and the wine and cheese thing in the afternoon was really nice, we just sat in the small lobby and met some really interesting people (one guy from Australia, and some locals from Napa or someplace waiting to eat at the apparently well regarded (4 star or something) vegan restaurant adjacent to the lobby).  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Texaslaw
<Content>Had a great stay and trip I recently traveled to San Francisco with two of my friends for a weekend trip. We stayed in The Hotel California and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. The rooms weren't excessively large, but they were adequate considering that you don't really spend much time in a hotel room anyway. Two of the gentlemen at the front desk, Duane and Tony, were both extremely helpful. They were both incredibly friendly and on several occasions helped us find different locations around town that we were interested in, giving us what turned out to be good advice.The wine and cheese in the afternoons was a nice touch, as was the complimentary shot of tequila.Overall, our stay at the hotel was very pleasant.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkNYTraveler
<Content>Pretty good The room was very nice, albeit a bit small (San Francisco after all). Very clean and interestingly decorated. The rest of the hotel, though, seemed a bit neglected -- in need of a bit of sprucing up--we had been in the hotel last year (not to stay but to eat at the adjoining restaurant-- which is a gem--The Millenium--a vegetarian restaurant)--and the place seemed to have gone downhill a bit since then. On the other hand, the price was right and the room was good. Management needs to take the plywood off the elevator door and fix it up--it really looks bad.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>No_1_Derbyshire_UK
<Content>Horrible! This hotel Smells of Pee! Reading the other reviews I wonder if I am talking about the right place - I am, I checked. I stayed here May 14-17 and hated this hotel. The whole place smelled of pee - it made you gag when you walked in! And if it smells like that then it can't be clean surely? There was a heat wave when me and my husband were visiting and the rooms are horribly hot with no air con. We could not open the window as the kitchen fan or something similar was right outside on a flat roof and this sounded like a train driving into the room so we just had to sweat! The elevator was not working for over 24 hours when we arrived so we had to carry our own bags up the stairs to our room - not easy as I had a broken arm so could only use one arm.They advertise a cocktail on arrival - we got none. There is a wine and cheese thing every day in reception which would be great if you like sweaty cheese and warm wine.This hotel is horrible and I wish we had stayed somewhere else. Avoid it if you can.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>besssie
<Content>Not what we'd hoped. Having read reviews on this site I chose this hotel carefully. I was aware of noise at night and the lack of sound-proofing, so requested a 'high' floor and a double, double suite. On arrival we were assured this would be ready in a little while. We left our bags and went to explore the city. On our return the rooms had been allocated to other guests. We had to accept a lower level suite, which also meant that one of us had to sleep in a single bed with a spare one for the bags. Lucky bags, unlucky 'six-footer'.The Reception had obviously caved in under pressure from other guests (who we met later- and they had complained, so got the upgrade!).Unfortunately, the 'night -music' I'd read about, did wake me at 3am and after a while I found my earplugs and I got sleep. The windows were overlooked (about 12ft away) from offices, so the wooden blinds stayed down even in daylight hours, keeping out light but not draughts.The bathroom wreaked of mould, looking up the black patches were huge and obvious. The whole bathroom was well overdue for renovation. I suppose you could say it was in keeping with the style of the hotel - small and needing a 'shake-up'.The Breakfast was a strictly vegetarian choice, so not even an egg in sight.The Millenium Restaurant was exceptionally busy and even with a reservation we had to wait for our table. Service was excellent.The menu firmly revolved around beans and every kind of pea imaginable. The plates were a sea of green and beige. Deserts were fabulous, maybe we should have skipped the main course and had two or three deserts. In summary, an expensive meal, but a stylish and good-vibe restaurant.My advice is, if you are Vegan or strict vegetarian then this is a venue for you. For others... look elsewhere for a more comfortable stay. As a footnote, the next day I recognised the 'music' which had kept me awake at night... a homeless man stood outside the hotel with a white cassette player. Maybe not homeless, he lives in the space between the hotel and the office block below the bedroom windows!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	3	

<Author>lorigold25
<Content>Love this hotel! Don't let the name Best Western fool you- this is a old-fashioned, unique hotel.I really love this hotel- it is a great location, only blocks from Union Square. You can walk to shopping  dining - there is a lot to do in the vincinity, so you don't necessarily need a vehicle.The rates are reasonable (around $120 / night) and it is a quaint, old-fashioned hotel. The staff is friendly and accommodating.The best part is complimentary wine  cheese from 4p-6p ... what a nice treat!The worst part is the street noise- it can wake you up early in the AM.I will always stay at this hotel when I am in San Fran- I really enjoy it's uniqueness.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>palaemon
<Content>Beautiful and Clean       Room Decor 2  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>portguys
<Content>Very nice Found this hotel by accident and really lucked out. Warm, inviting rooms with a strong Cali-european ambience. Super comfortable beds, helpful staff, delicious vegetarian restaurant and access to many attractions and public transportation make this a hidden gem- a true find. Most attractive of all is the affordability of price in the heart of San Francisco. Free wireless internet was a huge bonus.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Enfield_UKDiane
<Content>Welcoming hotel Stayed here with my partner and teenage son for 4 nights. Hotel looks shabby from outside and the immediate area is not particularly nice but inside is very pleasant and staff extremely helpful and welcoming.We had a suite on the second floor-2 rooms and a bathroom. My son's room faced the main street and he found it very noisy but our room at the back was quiet.Plus points-good access to Union Square and other amenities, pleasant helpful staff, complimentary wine and cheese in comfortable lounge area from 4-6 each evening, good breakfast-cereal, fresh fruit, eggs, pastries, juices, coffee and tea-suite quite spacious.Downside-our room hot and window difficult to open. Immediate area not very pleasant with lots of homeless loitering outside. Having said that, they didnt hassle us in any way .  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>HendoTraveler
<Content>Had a great stay at the Hotel California We loved this hotel for its character and personality, as well as the amenities and the service. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The complimentary wine and cheese receptions were a highlight, with California wine! We also had free round-the-clock coffee and hot tea. There's a great lobby with huge comfortable chairs, and a media room at the mezzanine level with additional seating, a computer, and a printer, where I was able to print our boarding passes. Another guest computer is available at the front desk. The free high-speed wireless was wonderful. (I always resent having to pay $10 a day or so for wireless access at pricier hotels.) From the music in the lobby to the pictures on the walls, the decor set the mood: very vintage San Francisco, with curving, carpeted stairways, high ceilings, and hardwood floors, with a definite European feel. The hotel was built in 1906 but underwent a major refurb a year ago. Our yellow room with blue and white bedding was not large, but adequate. The safe in the closet, big enough to hold a laptop, was no extra charge. The bed was more comfortable than those in pricier SF hotels. We also had a flat-screen TV. The shower had great water pressure and no shortage of hot water. We stayed seven nights and could not have been more pleased with this hotel. The hotel has a great restaurant (the place was hopping on Saturday night), and there are many others nearby. The location was terrific for us. This hotel was the best bargain we've ever had in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>briguy73
<Content>Not what I was expecting       Nice Bed - Cramped Room  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>davudoo
<Content>What a surprise Unusually pleasant stay. Has one of the best vegetarian restaurants I have EVER experienced (I'm picky and a meat eater and I was entirely satisfied). Front desk staff also acts as perfect understudy for otherwise absent full-time concierge, plus they're funny, smart, helpful. Playful lobby music had me bobble-headed and wiggly while awaiting the elevator, complimentary shot of tequilla upon check-in (come-on guys - buy some Patron) actually launched my vacation. Rooms are tiny, but completely adeqaute. Baths are basic, comfy, totally tight and clean though not state of the art. I had a nice flat screen on the wall, my traveling companions had a big bulky CRT. So it's inconsistent, but nothing is BAD. Who owns this hotel? So Invest a little more, would ya please!The neighborhood ranges from homeless army-of-zombies to the coolest hotels I could imgaine. I landed here cuz I coudn't get a room at Hotel Nikko or the Clift Hotel. OK - not the same place at all. And yes I figured these were neighbors - so I'm Stupid. . Still - I was pleased and laughed cuz I was trying to find a 4 star wowzer. This isn't a snooty 4 star - but neither is it self-absorbed and pretentious, unlike the Stanford Court which I stayed in later, (4 stars and looks like it was decorated by Lady Bird Johnson in 1964).Like almost every great hotel - it's the line staff who make it great. Buildings are ho-hum; smart helpful people make travelers feel connected and safe, and therefore - adventurous! This hotel has that sort of staff. Thanks to you all.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caliroots
<Content>no smoking i have stayed at the hotel california several times. i enjoy the accessability to union square shopping, eateries, and nightlife. the hotel houses one of the best vegetarian restaurants in the world--the millenium. i had a major problem with the staff and the management. the front desk charged me $100 for smoking in the room. i was not smoking in the room. the staff could not take the charge off of the bill without the management approving it. the manager was out of town for the next few days. well, after two phone calls with the manager he said that he had debited my card which was not true. after a few more attempts to reach the manager i gave up on my $100 and i have given up on the hotel california. from my experience with this disservice i will never stay at the hotel again. i am passing this information on to other travelers who should be very wary of extra charges to their bills.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarahbear760
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at Hotel California       Room 414  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>patncolin
<Content>OK hotel in downtown location This was a nice hotel, with a few little problems.Nice breakfast included, staff friendly and helpful. Free computer and printer available.Room was clean and tidy with individual decor.On the downside it was quite noisy and as the hotel is fairly old, you could hear lots of plumbing noises as well as the street noise from outside.Didn't like downtown San Francisco, so would not recommend staying in this area, but if you like city life, probably a good location.Be aware that the hotel restaurant is vegan and therefore not to everyone's taste.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	2	3	4	4	4	

<Author>MrStylz
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, Great Rooms The location is great, just 3 or 4 blocks off Union Square and easily accessible from SFO via BART or taxi. The staff was always accommodating and the rooms were very nice. Even a bit large by San Fran standards! The price was also extremely reasonable.The stay was made a bit more enjoyable by the nightly wine and cheese from 4-6. The wine wasn't the best in the region to be sure, but it was a nice way to spend an hour before heading to dinner.Although we never ate at the accompanying restaurant, it sure smelled good and served an array of organic, vegetarian dishes.This is our third stay in SF and the best hotel. I would fully recommend this location.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yahma
<Content>Not Bad at All! I loved where this hotel was located it was a little off the beaten path but the hotels staff and rooms where right on the money. The 38 bus ran right in front of the hotel and many shops and even a Walgreens was available for the last minute things you forgot. The Bart station was four short blocks away and you had access to the Mall and the other shopping and attractions in the area. I was told in the last leg of my trip that this was a bad area but you couldn't tell. Being Halloween and all but it was worth the money paid on the hotel.. Front Hotel Doors where locked at 10pm so you didn't feel invaded...I loved the bright yellow rooms and the beds were to die for really nice big comforters.. Man I would stay here again with all the free hot coffee and breakfast you can eat!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ebonidimplz
<Content>Nice, but less than what I expected The best thing about this hotel was the wine and cheese reception and location. We checked in at around 2pm, and the room was ready. We were under the impression that the family suite that we had booked had two seperate rooms along with a sitting area. Very wrong. We walked in the door to find the bathroom straight ahead, and a bedroom on either side of it. No sitting room at all. Not only was there no sitting room, but there isn't even a table and chairs in either room. Each room had a single chair. So if you think you're going to have a quiet meal in your room, make room in the bed. The family suite has one room with a king bed, dresser, and two night stands. The other room has two twin beds with one night stand, no dresser. It did have a fridge, but no microwave. Guess that just adds to the thing against eating in your room.Another down side is the noise. Evidentally the hotel is extremely close to the local fire station. All night long, every night the engines and sirens were blasting. Even with the windows closed. But a lot of the time they are open, as the hotel has no air conditioning, and only has heat in the rooms. The hotel also has a restaurant on site. But it's a vegetarian restaurant, so it's not for everybody. Thank goodness there are a lot of good restaurants around within walking distance. For the valet parking, when we did decide to go out, many times they were a bit slow in bringing the car around. There was even an instance, while during the wine and cheese reception that another guest was going to be late to a meeting, and had been waiting for her car for nearly 30 minutes. Also, this is not a very automated hotel. No automated wake up calls. We called for a wake up call, as one person in our party needed to leave early in the morning. Thank goodness she set her wireless phone's alarm clock, because all of us heard her make a call to the front desk, using the speaker phone (since the receiver on the phone and their room didn't work), only to have the clerk say that nothing was down for our room.I feel that we probably could have done better as for amenities in the same locale. However, for the area, it one of the less pricey properties. Would I stay there again? If there was nothing else available in the vicinity of Union Square, would be the only reason. I would suggest that you pay a few extra dollars and go with something a little better. Stay at your own risk.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>AngusMulvaney
<Content>Terrific Boutique Hotel Our family ( 2 adults with 2 teens) from Calgary, Canada stayed in Hotel California for an entire week from August 23 to 27, 2007. We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay, especially for the price. The staff were not just helpful but even enthusiastic. We were greeted very pleasantly when we first walked in the door and every time thereafter. Every day they gave us wonderful recommendations on places to dine close by (something difficult to do among all of the terrific establishments in San Francisco) and great tips on how to get around and things to see that most tourists don't experience. We booked a family suite on the 5th floor which was perfect for us. Not large rooms but enough so that there was a bit of privacy for everyone. The rooms were well kept, clean and even happy with the wonderful colours, San Francisco quotes hand-painted as borders and framed posters. Art and historical photos are sprinkled throughout the hotel. Every evening there was wine and cheese in the lobby which we definitely took advantage of because we met many people from all over the world. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their stay. If you don't want to go out The Millenium vegan restaurant in the hotel is excellent. That takes a lot to say since we are part of a competition barbeque team, but it was a highlight.If there is a downside, it is small. The hotel is on Geary Street which can get a little noisy from time to time, particularly when the lounge across the street lets out. But then, perhaps the solution is to join the crowd as we two adults did one night when the teens were tired and wanted to veg. We made up for our sins by joining the congregation at The Glide Church a couple of blocks away for a Sunday service like nothing we've ever seen anywhere else. Loads of fun.Hotel California is ideally located 3 blocks from Union Square, cable cars, Chinatown and a whole lot of fun. We are very grateful to the staff for helping us with one of the best family vacations we've ever had. Highly, highly recommended. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babypuppyToronto
<Content>Good Value, Central Location Boutique type rooms. Small but quaint. Enough room for two adults comfortably. Free wireless access! Or use the free computer and printer on second floor. Wine and Cheese! Agree with the reviews about noise. We were on the 3rd floor facing the street and it was very noisy. We had to obtain ear plugs at Walgreens down the street. Love Chad at the front desk. Great help. Two blocks down from Union Square. Close enough to walk with all of our shopping.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magpie775
<Content>Great Basic Hotel in Union Square If you are looking for a great basic place to stay the Hotel California is perfect. Don't go in expecting anything fancy. But if you are looking for a clean room and a convenient location this is your place. It is a good home base sort of hotel for people who want to spend a lot of time out and about in the city but want a place that is comfortable to come back to and does not cost a fortune. The rooms are on the small side but are spotless and the beds are really cozy. The bathrooms are small and could use a facelift - the hotel has been recently rennovated but they have not paid enough attention to the bathrooms. Otherwise, they are adequate.I spent a lot of time researching hotels in SF for guests for my wedding ( i lived in SF until a few months ago) and I was suprised by how shabby and run down so many of the boutique hotels are, especially for what they charge. It was kind of appalling. I found the Hotel California to be one of the few places that I was comfortable reccomending to our more budget concious guests. My mom has stayed here for weeks at a time and loves it and I stay here when I come to SF for business. I would agree with other reviewers that there is some street noise, but what do you expect if you want to stay in Union Square. Bring a pair of earplugs and you will be fine.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gonebeyond
<Content>Fast and loose with the rates This is a nice boutique hotel close to Union square with much charm. We have stayed several times before. For a weekend in August, Friday night was 169$, San night quoted at 189$. A later phone call to the desk and 169$ was quoted for Saturday night. However, while we were in the lobby after checking in, walk-ins were quoted $129 for available rooms for both nights. What are the rates? This inconsistency can make a nice hotel not so nice. There should be some logic to the rate structure. Are the rooms different? I don't think so.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Nattravels
<Content>Not that great of a hotel The hotel was a good price but parking for 2 nights was over $65.00. The room was small. The street noise was so loud. I could not sleep because I was hot so I had to open the window and it was too loud. No A/C. It's an old spooky building. You can't smoke in the rooms so we had to go outside. Once outside all the homeless/crack heads beg you for money and won't take no for answer. No pool. On the plus side the room was clean and cute, you get unlimited free wine and cheese around 4PM to 6PM, free coffee in the morning, free internet access.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	4	-1	3	4	

<Author>CnK_Ab
<Content>Wonderful charm... Very charming hotel, centrally located in downtown San Francisco. Steps from theatres and just a few blocks from the shopping district and Union square. Easily accessible to the major tourist spots. Staff knowledgeable and accommodating to our early arrival. Hotel is equipped with a wonderful restaurant, clean (and well equipped) fitness room, wireless internet and a welcoming wine  cheese. Breakfast is available in the mornings (reasonably priced). Rooms are quaint with high ceilings, hardwood floors and are very quiet. Everything is very clean and well decorated. All this at a VERY reasonable price. Overall, a great value in an amazing city.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rniam69
<Content>Except for Tony, stay was great! Do Not Expect Tequila on check in!Firstly, be aware if you book with Orbitz and hate your hotel, you are stuck. We were greated with a obviously stressed Tony, although we were the only ones in the lobby. Our room was promised after 3pm. At 3335, we were told there was a problem with a backed up toilet in the room. Not a good start. We were told that was the only room available (possibly because we were prepaid as Tony told us over and over, so beware of how you book, you may get a lesser room because you are stuck and they know it). We asked if they could find us another hotel and we were rudely informed by Tony that he would  hold our reservation until we found another room but they wouldn't help us find another hotel. Again, Tony reminded us that we were prepaid. In other words, we were stuck. Room was great, double pained windows, quiet. Clean, clean, clean. Offered tequila on checkout, not by Tony. Would have been perfect exept for check in.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	2	5	1	-1	5	

<Author>AL-transplant
<Content>Good Experience Would highly recommend this hotel. Can not beat the rate. I paid $139 per night, not including tax and parking($29/day). The room was spotless, bed comfortable and nicely decorated. I would agree with some other posts that the city noise makes it hard to get sound sleep but what do you expect if you want to stay near Union Square and the Theater District. By the way, 1 block away Jersey Boys is playing thru September. If had known that I would have purchased tickets($99 for pretty good seats but sold out). The hotel is about 7 blocks from the gates of China Town and 4 blocks from Union Square. Wine and Cheese from 4-6pm but I did skip the tequilla shot at check in...maybe next time. Just be aware that the rooms are rather small so dont expect some sort of suite with desk, chair, minibar, etc.. I dont stay at too many fancy hotels when I travel. A hotel room is just a place to clean up or sleep before the next activity ,but I will say the Hotel California exceeded my expectation and based on the price and my taste, it might be the best hotel in the city from which to base out of.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CABeachBrat
<Content>Hated Hotel California First of all, as soon as we checked into the room, which was supposed to be smoking, by the way, someone started calling from the front desk to see if we were smoking, which we weren't. The bed was so soft it dips way down across the middle portion and you have to sleep bent over, mold in bathroom on shower curtain and tub around wall. The noise from the street was horrible, and we got no sleep at all. The breakfast was a joke. The elevator stops working every time someone new gets on.The only good thing is the coffee.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>aerostef
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel I stayed at the Hotel California for a major conference in SF in May.Staff was very helpful and were great at sorting out restaurants and bars.The room I had was on the 5th floor facing the street. The room was small by US standard but more than adequat. Nicely decorated, comfortable bed, flat screen TV, desk, coffee maker etc... Free wifi was a plus too.The room was quite noisy, mainly due to street noise and a nearby fire station. Some of my colleagues mentioned that the walls were too thin and they could hear their active neighbours quite clearly...I didn't try the breakfast there but you can find a lot of excellent breakfast places nearby.The location of the hotel is really good, just a few minutes from the shopping scene, the cable car and the conference center.The cheese and wine reception is nothing to write home about but it is a nice touch and we all enjoyed it (although I would not recommend the white...)I didn't have time to try their vegetarian restaurant, but the food I saw from the bar looked very exciting and original (and I'm not a vegetarian). The place was really busy all evening.Overall a great experience and I would definitely stay at this hotel again, for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Maelstrom88
<Content>Great value in The City by the Bay I stayed at the Hotel California last month for two nights for a weekend trip to San Francisco/Napa Valley. I was more than impressed with my stay. The location was very convenient (just a few blocks from Union Square) and the rooms were quiet enjoyable. I booked the suite which had two separate bedrooms with the bathroom in between. The rooms were pleasantly decorated, featured hardwood floors and ceiling fans. The beds were very big (probably King) and quite enjoyable.The front staff were very pleasant and helpful. They helped in sorting out a problem that I had with a bus tour company in spite of the fact that I hadn鈥檛 booked the tour via the front desk. What was also very impressive with the front desk staff was that it was no problem for me to check into my rooms a good four hours before the official check in time. This was great!I enjoyed the daily wine and cheese that available in the lobby in the early evenings. I wouldn鈥檛 exactly call it a wine tasting event, but as it complimentary and amble, it did make for a nice respite after spending the day exploring the city.I would certainly stay at the Hotel California 鈥?San Francisco again and hope to do so later this year. The only caution I would give has to do with the homeless in this part of the city. If you鈥檙e not used to seeing it you may be in for a surprise. It certainly didn't pose any problems however and the area was quite safe.Ps 鈥?I don鈥檛 get a tequila shot at check in, but as I was checking in before 11:30 am I didn鈥檛 think too much of it.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>WeLoveSanFrancisco
<Content>An Interesting Stay! For our vacation to San Francisco we ended up staying 5 days at the Hotel California, formally the Savoy Hotel.This is considered a Boutique Hotel, so yes, the rooms are not big. They are however, colorfully decorated and quite clean. Kuddos to the maids!! The bathroom is also small, but very functional. The hotel staff is exceptionally friendly and very, very, helpful! The bed, well the bed was so wonderful it deserves a seperate mentioning! The mattress and pillows were so comfortable, we would have had the best sleep of our lives - had we not been woken up every morning (but Sunday) quite early (it was technically still dark outside), by the street sweepers and the garbage trucks! We were on the 7th floor and even though this hotel is wonderful, it is old and you can definitely hear the noise from the people in the street, and the sirens from the firetrucks at all hours of the night, made it difficult to stay asleep.Yup, you do hear it all! On a good note: The entire hotel is non-smoking and we loved that. Inaddtion, the hotel provides wine and cheese in the afternoon, very nice touch. Once again, the staff does their best to make certain your visit is pleasant. The hotel is centrally located, so you will have your choice of great restaurants, theater, and of course shopping!! And if you don't mind walking, you're not that far from the BART station. We did not eat at the hotel's restaurant, but it was packed every morning, and of course for dinner.Overall: Small, clean and functional room, amazing mattress and pillows, and of course, a great staff.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gclark84
<Content>Great San Fran hotel with character My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Cali in S.F. the last weekend in April. It was a great hotel, and very affordable for the location in city. I felt the hotel was just on the border of maybe some questionable areas, but we had no problems around our hotel or anywhere we walked. It is very close to Union Square, and there is alot of options for transportation in the city. The rooms are a bit small, but very nice. And the beds are excellent. Like other reviews, the rooms may not block out sound that well,(street noise, adjacent room noise), but it didn't bother us a bit. It wasn't a big deal at all. Complimentary wine and cheese at happy hour is a great feature, and everyone was very friendly. The only thing I wouldn't reccomend is the continental breakfast. If you have to pay for it, I didn't feel it was worth it. It was included with our package, but went out to breakfast our second morning. Overall, would defnitely stay here again, and highly reccommend to anyone coming into the city. Also valet parking available for $29/night. I researched around, and this seemed comparable to all other hotels in S.F. So I felt the valet service was an excellent choice to go with.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jmstravel
<Content>Delivers as Advertised This is a boutique SF hotel. For that you get old building, small rooms. Knowing that, the room was spotlessly clean, brightly painted with plenty of light and ventilation through windows but no view except the building about 20 feet away. The gentleman at the desk was cheerful and helpful (Sunday check in about 3:00pm). Valet guy met us at the car ($30 valet parking. We did not look around for other parking). No smoking anywhere in building, including all guest roomsNew Twist: A chilled shot of tequila at check in! Since people are lifting the shot glasses you cannot take to room. We passed because by the time we got back down it was dinner time. I like the idea though. Hope they still have it our next visit.We stayed here specifically to eat at the Millennium restaurant which is in the same building. For those of you who have never eaten at a gourmet vegetarian restaurant, treat yourself. Have a great meal and walk up to your room for the night. We have eaten at the Millennium a number of times in its different locations. Never disappointed.We paid $109 hotel rack rate booking through their site. Plus taxes and the parking.Mini negative: young lady at desk when we finished dinner about 9pm was not into eye contact and in response to my question of whether there would be newspapers in the lobby in the morning responded, no. The gentleman when we checked in, I am sure, would have explained that I could get one at the liquor store across the street.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>standuptriple
<Content>Came around At first I wasn't very happy with the room and felt it was too small. But then the place started to grow on me. The linens were nice and the bed was extremely soft and comfortable. I slept like a baby. The shower was ok. When I found out there was no ice machine near us a full bucket was brought within minutes after calling the front desk. When the worst thing you can say about a place is the slowness of the elevator I guess it passes muster.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>JS27
<Content>Fun little boutique First off, good location, a 3 block walk to Union Square. The common/main areas of the hotel are clean and the rooms, also, were clean with a slightly (and deliberately) funky decor different from that of your standard hotel room. There is a fitness center (4 machines, no weights), and the staff was friendly (although, we were stiffed on our tequila, but were assured we'll get 2 shots next time.) The wine and cheese were unimpressive, and with all the dining options Union Square and San Francisco have to offer, it's surprising anyone would choose to go. The restaurant only does dinner, but they do have a cheap little continental breakfast in the morning, which is nice. Upon return to The City, I would most likely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>djonholidays
<Content>Great place to stay My girlfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in April 07 and found it to be excellent. We got a cheap deal ($95/nt + tax) through an online discount site and this proved to be excellent value. A great location, 3 block downhill walk to Union square, with the 38 bus running from Union Square to a stop near the front door. The reception staff were very helpful and friendly, and directed us to a number of excellent restaurants - all within a block in what we found to be a safe and convenient location to explore the city.Free internet access a bonus.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>the_Weiry_traveler
<Content>The Good  I recently booked a room for four nights at the Hotel California through Hotwire. Naturally, rooms booked through Hotwire are less desirable, which explains my second floor interior room facing the alley. I really didn't mind the fact that my room faced the alley -- in fact, I was glad as I assumed that would help cut down on the street noise. However, I digress. Let me point out the good points of the Hotel California:Location -- you're less than three blocks from all the action of Union Square. Very centrally located and easily accessible to all other points of the city via public transportation. Some reviewers mentioned the safety of the neighborhood -- I thought the neighborhood was fine, even at night. I never felt threatened or fearful for my safety. However, you are just a few blocks away from the shady/seedy Tenderloin district of San Francisco. So be sure you're know where you're going, direction-wise.Value -- a very good value, especially when booked through Hotwire or other off-price venue (Priceline). However, you have no idea what hotel you're booking until you pay. Compared to most hotel rates in San Francisco, I felt I snagged a real bargain.The Bed! -- the bed in my room was by far one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. They had more than enough pillows (six pillows for one queen size bed) and the sheets and down comforter were what you would typically find at more high end hotels.Free Internet Access was available to guests in the hotel lobby -- a nice touch when you wanted to look up the weather, local restaurants, directions, etc.Room Comfort/Amenities -- the room, although small (but perfectly standard for San Francisco), was cozy and well appointed with bright yellow walls, unique art prints and polished hardwood floors. The room was very clean and also boasted a decent closet with an iron and ironing board and in-room safe. The room also had a small writing desk as well as a dresser and the usual coffee maker, ice bucket, television, etc. The plantation shutter shades were a nice touch, however they do tend to let a good bit of light in (not good if you like the room nice and dark).Clean and Functional Bathroom -- the bathroom was small, but perfectly functional. However, the bathroom does need to be updated (the lighting fixtures were rusting over and the toilet seat was chipped and worn).Nice lobby and fairly friendly staff -- the lobby complemented the feel of the hotel. The staff for the most part were professional and courteous, however they were not overly friendly. The hotel staff's personality/attitude did not affect my stay, however, I thought I would point it out. I will say that if you had a question or a request, they did their best to answer/honor it.Wine and Cheese -- every afternoon from 4:00 - 6:00 p.m., the hotel offered wine, cheese and fruit to guests. That was a nice touch.Now for the bad of Hotel California:Room Noise -- by far, the worst aspect of the hotel and rooms is the noise one experiences. Although the hardwood floors are pretty to look at, they do nothing to mask the noise of footsteps up above you. For some reason, the guests directly above me decided to walk around their room non-stop for two hours (from 11:00 p.m. - 1:00 a.m.) every night. They also enjoyed dropping shoes (or something heavy) on to the floor every 15-20 minutes. The walls of the rooms are very thin and you can hear every word of your next door neighbors' conversations (which did provide some entertainment). Same goes with the hallways; it sounds like the people in the hallway are walking right through your room. Apparently, there is very little or no insulation in the hotel.Room Darkness -- due to my room's location (mine was an interior room on the second floor that was less than a foot from the hotel's skylight), the skylight that was directly beneath my window had a constant light on that totally lit up my room every night (it was like the bat-signal shining directly in your room). I had to go out and purchase an eye mask at Walgreen's down the street after the first night. The handsome plantation shutters, although pretty to look at, did little to filter the light from the skylight below. Also, whenever the neighbors directly across the alley turned on their bathroom light, my room would light up even more. Needless to say, between the light and sound situation, I found it very difficult to sleep. I think this also had to do with the room location. But that's what you get when you book through Hotwire (the less or least desirable rooms). Then again, it's hard to beat Hotwire's rates!One final note, I was not offered the frosted tequila shot when I checked in. I was not bothered by this as I really don't care for tequila. I'm not sure if this was an oversight, but just thought I'd mention it as I noticed other reviewers mentioned the same thing.Overall, the value and location of the hotel far outweigh the negatives of the Hotel California. Just be prepared to know what you're getting yourself in for. If you're looking for a charming, unique boutique hotel with tons of character and personality, this is the place for you. If you're a light sleeper, be sure to bring the earplugs and eye mask.Finally, I will close my review by stating that I would stay at the Hotel California again, but only if I could be guaranteed a room on their top floor, which should eliminate the non-stop footstep noise from above.Enjoy San Francisco -- it's a wonderful city!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>adkhills
<Content>Nice boutique great location Stayed here with my husband while he attended a conference. Very convenient location clean rooms, the beds were comfortable and overall we had a very pleasant stay. The staff was friendly and the complimentary wine was actually very good. The detraction from this lovely boutique hotel was the street noise. The garbage trucks woke us up at 5 am.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FunTrvlCpl
<Content>Great deal, nice hotel For the price, this hotel exceeded our expectations. Lets start with the cold Tequila shots at check in.. loved that!! Next, we found our room to have a nice soft bed and that is the most important part. We enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evening and our package included breakfast, also very good.The only negative was hearing footsteps from the room above and all of the hallway noise, but that wasn't a big deal. We would return again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>talk_about_it
<Content>Hotel California -- what a lovely place This was the perfect place for a two-night getaway with my husband. We come to San Francisco at least once a year, and while we are always looking for a bargain we really enjoy a place with good service and a little style, both of which this place had in spades. We arrived too early to check in, but the desk attendant graciously stored our bags and assured us that our room, 706, was very nice. She was right. The walls were a cheerful yellow, the bed was king-sized, the sheets were Egyptian cotton, there was a flat-screen TV and the floor was a highly polished wood. The windows actually open, which is a welcome change from the hermetically sealed towers one so often finds in corporate-run chains. We found the room on Travel Zoo and had never stayed there before, so all of this was a pleasant surprise. The hotel serves complementary wine and cheese from 4 - 6 p.m. -- nothing fancy but it was a welcome snack one afternoon when we arrived back after a long walk. A bowl of Granny Smith apples sits on the reception desk, there for the taking, and coffee and tea is available all day, also free of charge. The hotel is on the corner of Geary and Jones, on the Tenderloin side of Union Square. It's an easy walk to Union Square as well as to the Powell St . BART station. The Embarcadero is a pleasant 20-min walk away. We stayed over the weekend and this area is full of bars and therefore noisy at night. The double-paned windows help, as do earplugs. If you forget yours they have a good selection at the Walgreen's right down the block. If you are light-sensitive when you sleep bring something to cover your eyes. The window coverings here let in a fair amount of light, though this room faces west so at least there's no direct a.m. sun. I think we really lucked out with our room -- this is a small hotel and I noticed while we were riding the windowed elevator that some of the interior rooms face the elevator -- when the room shades were open you could see the beds from the elevator! It would have been a major bummer if we'd gotten one of these rooms. For us this was a great place to stay. Having stayed there only once I can't say if our visit was charmed or typical.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Brugal
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great location My wife and I spent one night at the Hotel California Feb 23rd on the second night of our most recent trip to California. The hotel was clean and comfortable and the staff from check-in until we checked out was superb. They couldn't do enough for us, giving us local maps and marking points of interest, offering ideas for evening drinks and dinner within a few blocks of the hotel and giving us two city passes left at the desk by previous guests. Our room was somewhat small but beautifully appointed. Nice comfortable bed, hard wood floors and nice bright colors and prints on the walls. The hotel has complimentary wine and cheese between 4-6 pm. Both were fine but nothing exceptional. Considering it was complimentary though it was a nice touch.Breakfast was included in our package and was served in the Millennium Restaurant on the first floor of the hotel. Eggs, breads, muffins and fantastic granola.The location of the hotel is superb. If ambitious you can walk a few blocks to Union Square, down through Chinatown and to Fisherman's Wharf and back. We walked back from the Wharf on Jones St. Great walk but quite a steep hill. The views of the bay are fantastic though so if you're up to it I suggest this walk.A few more recommendations. Walk to the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins Hotel a few blocks away on California St. and have a drink at their bar on the top floor of the hotel. Awesome views of the entire city. Have a drink before dinner at the Clift Hotel just down the street from the Hotel California. Great drinks and a good place to people watch.If you like Indian food, the New Delhi Restaurant a few blocks away on Ellis St. is wonderful. If you like it spicy try their Chicken Madras or Chicken Vindaloo. Both delicious.Overall, high marks for the Hotel California. We'd stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>browningse
<Content>Pleasant, reasonable, and comfortable We stayed here for a Friday and Saturday night, and there were many small things that added up to a very pleasant stay. Chad at the front desk was cheerful and helpful. We had a king deluxe room on the top floor, so it was relatively quiet, for being in the center of a big city. There is free internet access at two locations, in the lobby and mezzanine. The hot coffee in the lobby was fine, but you can use the small in-room coffemaker if you like. There is a complimentary wine, cheese and fruit buffet for two hours every day, and they offered us a tequila shot at check-in. Very hospitable! The beds were very comfortable, and I liked the upscale linens instead of those polyester bedspreads you still find in some places. The location, near many more expensive hotels, is convenient . I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleMissK
<Content>Noisy but charming       The painted ceiling  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tymothy
<Content>Good :Location, great bargain Nice hotel, good location, good restaurant on site. Rooms are clean and updated. Great value for your money in a good location, just minutes from Union Square  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>holymilo
<Content>Hotel California good value Over this last weekend we stayed at Hotel California in San Francisco. It is a nice small hotel centrally located in downtown near the theater district, Union Square and close enough to the BART to walk. The hotel is a good value we stayed in a sun room for 135.00 plus tax. The room had great light and was bright and cheery. Beds were very comfortable. This is an old hotel that has been kept up nicely. However if you are light sleeper you might bring earplugs. The walls are thin and if you have a room with an adjoining room door it can be loud. Of course it is the city and you can hear some street noises, sirens, horns etc. If you want silence you should go to one of the big hotel chains. The staff was very helpful and had good clear maps and recommendations for food/drinks. They have a complimentary wine and cheese hour that was a welcome surprise. Don't be scared off by the frosty tequila at check in. I had read a review with that in it and it seemed weird. But it was fun! And tasty.We did not eat in the restaurant in the hotel. Seven dollars for breakfast seemed a bit high considering it was not much more than a continental breakfast. We did go to brunch at a great place just down the street called Colibri it was great. Have the mole. Also a great bar just across the street Swig. Go early it was hopping later. This is a good mid level hotel. We will stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>venice4504
<Content>Cute Hotel We booked for one Saturday night in January. Nice hotel with very very accomodating people. Good rate and nice location. We had a family suite that consisited of a room with a King bed, tv,dresser and a seperate room with 2 twins, tv, dresser. The bathroom was in between off of the little hallway. Only down fall is that with this layout there is really no place to sit other than on the bed. I would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>flyawaynight
<Content>Loved my stay!! My boyfriend and I had an amazing stay at the Hotel California for New Years Eve 2007. The only problem that we had was parking. We tried finding parking on our own but that proved to be impossible so we did valet which was $29. The price was expected because it is a big city. The room we stayed in was exactly like the ones in the picture on their website. It was clean, bright, and uniquely decorated. The front desk was extremely helpful and so was the valet service when I realized that I left something in the car that I needed at 1am in the morning. The cheese and wine were a nice treat in the middle of the day. We had the ask for the tequila shot when we checked in but that wasn't a problem. When I left my camera and other personal items at the hotel, they were promptly UPS'ed back to me. I had an outstanding stay. I would definitely recommend it and would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iheartvaca
<Content>Nice boutique hotel in a fabulous city! I鈥檓 working on fulfilling my New Year鈥檚 resolution to be more diligent about writing hotel reviews on tripadvisor!We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in December 2006.Overall Hotel California offers a fantastic value. The two things that really did it for me were the beds (very comfortable and we loved the flannel sheets!) and the free internet with printer on the mezzanine. Our room was not large but nicely decorated and very sunny with a good sized bay window looking out onto Geary Street. I did not notice traffic sounds during our stay, but I also sleep like the dead so it鈥檚 no surprise. The room had wood floors so I halfway expected my socks to pick up dust and whatnot walking around, but the floor was spotless- as was the entire room. The staff members were generally very helpful and pleasant. Several times they assisted us with public transportation schedules and attraction information. Note: None of them appeared to be a 'concierge' per se and noone offered to make us dinner reservations when asked about restaurants, so expect to take care of these details on your own. We love boutique hotels with eclectic features, so this was a good fit for us. If you prefer large corporate-style hotels this may not be the place for you. Next time we are in San Fran we will likely stay at the Westin, but as a more economical alternative only 2 blocks down, this place is great! Honestly, this may be one of the best values in San Fran, a place that defies the meaning of 'value'. We were only disappointed we couldn鈥檛 stay longer in this great city.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>gimme_a_screen_name
<Content>Cute hotel, needs a little more attention to detail I chose this hotel for a recent trip to San Francisco because of its location, price and the proximity (in the hotel!) of the excellent Millennium restaurant. It didn't disappoint on any of those counts.The room was cozy--not at all spacious but not uncomfortably small. This is not a problem for me at all, as I like small spaces, and anyway just need a place to crash. And the bed was very comfortable, including plush pillows and a comforter. The room included a mini-fridge, which was not plugged in, a small coffeemaker (also unplugged) and, on the other side of the room, two lamps flanking the bed, both of which were unplugged.Seeing a pattern? This sounds like a minor complaint except that the way the furniture was arranged and the locations of the outlets made it a pain to have to plug all this stuff in. Which may be why the management never bothered to do it, but who cares--I shouldn't have to.There were also small stains on the linens: One stain about the size of a half dollar on the comforter and a smaller stain on the washcloth. No big deal, but kind of gross. A hotel that provides white linens should make sure they're spotless.The hotel does have some thoughtful touches. Tequila shots at check-in set the mood. The first few floors have free WiFi and there are two computers, including one with an attached printer (free), for guests' use. The lounges on the ground floor and on the mezzanine are very comfortable. From 4-6, the hotel hosts a free reception for guests with wine, cheese sticks, fruit, and crackers. Not exactly fine dining, but it's a nice touch.The hotel offers continental breakfast for $7 in the onsite Millennium restaurant. This breakfast is put on by the hotel, NOT the restaurant, which is open only for dinner and is a great place for inventive vegetarian (vegan, in fact) cuisine.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	3	5	

<Author>lizzi83581
<Content>Great place to stay Great hotel.The room had a beautiful hardwood floor the beds where comfortable (pillow top I think) . The rooms where not large but perfect for what we needed. I stayed here with my mother for her birthday and we both thought that hotel california was great. Fresh apples at the front desk very modern and hip. I have recommended this hotel to others and all have had the same experience. The attached vegetarian restraunt also was just as good, worth checking out. If you are with a large group be sure to make reservations, we went to the restraunt on a Saturday night and they said that they where booked but you can sit at the bar and eat there so it was just as good. I would recomend this hotel to anyone just visiting the city and wants to be in a hip convenient location!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>VC1850
<Content>Overall a Good Stay, after a few problems       computer available for guests on mezzanine level  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>grez2001
<Content>wont go again hotel is small and was advertised on expedia as the savoy.not very happy at that as it took ages to find.it had a name change a couple of weeks prior to us going and they had not told us.hotel is very small as are the rooms. the room we booked was described as delux but is was very small.the car was Valet parked and when they brought it back the tyre at the rear of the car was flat to the rim.they even drove it several blocks with a flat tyre.when i complained to the hotel they were not bothered.hotelhas one small and very old elevator.rooms are clean but the hotel is on the edge of a shady district.one night we heard gun shots followed by the arrival of a police car to a nearby hotel.okfor budget but my advice is to pay more money and always stay on the wharf area.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	2	5	

<Author>familybiztraveller
<Content>Run the other way We came for a business stay at this hotel in October of 2006. Brought along the family, and were booked into what the property called a 'family suite'. The suite was in actuality 2 small rooms with a bathroom in between. Hardwood floors (in a family suite, no less), and windows on the 4th floor that opened... with no screens. Exposed electrical plugs and lighting wired with extension cords, this was not family friendly.The jacuzzi tub in the bathroom would have been a nice touch, if (#1) it had worked... and (#2) if it had been clean. There was hair both in the tub and a huge glob of green slimy hair in the drain, which had obviously been there a long time. When housekeeping was called to please clean the tub, they arrived and (since I had already cleaned the gob of hair out of the drain), they concentrated on cleaning the trash can that I'd thrown the hair into.After explaining that I was more concerned with the bathtub it came out of, the person wiped the tub out with a towel. I gave up trying to explain basic housekeeping principles. The ewww factor was just too much.The room was extremely noisy and not set up comfortably. For a family suite, there was no central area, just the two bedrooms. No significant table space to place food when ordering in, it was cramped and awkward.When we booked the suite, we specifically asked about internet access at the hotel--a must have for business purposes, and we had several marketing seminars online that we were scheduled to attend, in order to make money. Internet service was one of the reasons we booked this hotel, it says it is available on the website, and both of us called the hotel at different times to confirm that it was available IN THE ROOMS throughout the hotel. We were assured that wireless internet access was available throughout the hotel and in the rooms.It was not. We were not able to connect at all during our 3-day stay, either morning, evening or afternoon. At any place in the hotel. Several other patrons approached me as I was trying to get a connection at different places in the hotel with the same problem, they had also been promised internet access by staff and were unable to get it. Looking up old reviews on this hotel, this has been an ongoing complaint, which the staff repeatedly lies about, and when questioned about it, act clueless.When checking out, we were told that a cart would be brought up to our room within 5-10 minutes. Two hours later, and half a dozen trips past the hotel's front desk to load our vehicle (which, by the way, was brought out by Valet Parking-- at $29/day, it was the only thing that was as promised). The cart never arrived.If you are booked at this hotel, or considering it, run the other way. For $169/night, I expected a clean room, excellent service, and what I was promised and paid extra for. Instead, we were disappointed around every corner.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>gskontour
<Content>Great location, value, and service This hotel was great. It's located just a few mins from Union Square, with all the top stores like Macys, Saks, Bloomingdales etc,and is surrounded by superb bars, restaurants and diners. The rooms are quiet,clean, and with the most comfortable beds. All the staff were very helpful, and it offered the best value we have seen. Its Millenium Restaurant is an award winning Organic Vegan Restaurant, but if this isn't your choice, there are dozens of other great restaurants within walking distance. We enjoyed the free internet service, and used it to plan further excursions. Altogether, we rate this hotel highly, try it you won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tannas
<Content>Cute and friendly boutique hotel The Hotel California is perfect for those travellers who are more into getting out and about and seeing the sights, rather than sitting in a hotel room all day.I was a single traveller, who was looking for comfort, value and location. Hotel California had all three. The location is central, it is only about three blocks from Union Square, an easy walk, and from there you can catch the famous cable cars to Fisherman's Wharf etc. or do some serious shopping in Union Square! However I do not recommend walking on your own at night, as it is almost on the border of the Tenderloin area, so catch a cab at night (it isn't too far from anywhere), but other times it is fine and I felt perfectly safe walking around. I paid US$125 a night and was pleasantly surpised by the room (double bed) and the Hotel. The rooms are a bit on the small side, but they are clean and comfortable and have everything you need to for a good night's sleep. There is a bit of street noise, and noise from the outside hallway from other guests, however it is no worse than any other hotel in the city and ear plugs will fix that anyway! They have a free wine and cheese reception from 4pm and this is the perfect way to either start your night or just relax and watch the world go by and unwind after a busy day sightseeing.The hotel staff are friendly, and only too happy to help with questions, maps, airport transfers and tours. They also offer free internet access to guests, which was convienent. I would certainly stay here again, as the value for money is exceptional in a city that can become quite expensive for hotels.Just a side note: The Vegan Restaurant in the Hotel is definately worth a visit. I am not a vegan, but was curious to try this cuisine. This restaurant has absolutely devine food, and an extensive menu that is delicious and filling. I would recommend you have at least one meal here to experience it.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TravelFever
<Content>Very cute hotel The hotel is very cute and stylish. Stayed in a delux queen. The bed was quite comfortable, with good sheets and duvet. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The location is great--its a nice part of town. Valet parking was prompt and courteous, but there is self parking less than half a block down the same street for a fraction of the price.Negatives: very noisey, so bring ear plugs (not just street noise, but we could hear people in the room next door too), soap/shampoo/etc. were not upto par with the style of the hotel (in other words, generic crap that we didn't use), and minor detail is that towels were very thin and not soft.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CameraHappy
<Content>Fabulous Stay!       Queen room of the King/Queen Suite  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>blondie2933
<Content>Nice time at the Savoy We recently stayed at the Savoy hotel in San Francisco. Although there were a few glitches, we overall had a very nice stay. I have to agree with the previous reviewer, many of the amenitites listed were not included. We did not get a frosted tequila shot upon check in, nor were there any robes. The rooms are a bit small, but the bed was very comforable. Unfortunately, it was very hard to sleep late in this great bed because of the obscene amount of noise outside our room. The maids are super loud in the mornings! The location is great- a small walk to Union Square but nothing crazy. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. However, the hotel needs to offer the amenities it lists out of fairness to guests.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>erinwyher
<Content>Savoy, soon to be Hotel California, clean and charming, just no water pressure We found a great deal through travelzoo - $95 per night which included breakfast, and booked directly through the hotel website to get the deal. The good stuff: 1. Breakfast at the hotel is worthwhile *if it is included*. Otherwise, save your $7 and get it someplace like cafe trieste. It was included in our stay and munching on pastries, yogurt, fruit and hardboiled eggs was a wonderful way to start our days with something tasty and get some energy in the morning. 2. Free wine and cheese at 4pm. We took advantage of this every day and it was really yummy. 3. Clean room with hardwood floors, nice decorations, and just a very comfy feel. 4. Very convenient location - a couple blocks from Union Square, in a safe/peopled part of the city. At the Walgreens nearly next door, you can get any needed toiletries and some extra cash (cash back) without the ATM fees. Also, all of the good Thai restaurants are one block away. (I recommend Ar Roi).The not-so-good stuff:1. Water pressure in the bathroom left MUCH to be desired. 2. No coffee maker in the rooms. However, coffee is served in the lobby for free all day long, so that makes up for it. Gotta have my coffee first thing!The good outweighed the bad and I will return to this hotel if I can get the same deal. Note: the hotel is under a name change and will be called the Hotel California in the future. I think this is a good move as the name Savoy isn't all that memorable.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>starhawk
<Content>Charming but a little disappointed My fiance and I stayed in a bay room (room with a bay window which I believe is supposed to be a step up from the standard room) for three nights at the beginning of our San Francisco trip and the furniture and decor was wonderful- Solid, dark wood desk with chair, queen sized bed, and small dresser/minifridge/TV stand combo. The room was sunny with hardwood floors (or laminate hardwood floors), a buttery paint color, and crisp white shutters. The double pane windows definitely helped cut out the street noise. There's a mini bottle of wine, along with a well-stocked minifridge with pleasantly decent prices. The hotel itself is absolutely lovely and charming- The service (with the rare exception of the initial person who checked us in, who was totally apathetic and was apparently too cool to be bothered to do her job with a smile) was great and the computer lounge above the lobby with high speed access and printer was also really useful. We decided to stay at The Savoy largely because of the Millenium Restaurant (my fiance is Vegan and I'm Vegan-friendly haha). We were happy overall with our stay but the following were some disappointments. Note that with a few exceptions, we probably wouldn't have been disappointed with their absence if we hadn't been expecting them, based on the hotel's statements on their website and from some of the reviews in travel books we read. Note also, that these comments may not apply to all rooms (but I guess the point is that they imply on their website that they DO apply to all rooms, even if they don't). The rooms are definitely SMALL (I think the bay room is supposed to be a little bigger than the smallest room, but I honestly can't imagine a room being smaller and still functional for more than one person). The location is very convenient to everything around Union Square but it's about a block or two further away from the action and that distance consists of a parking lot and some other areas that aren't necesarily bustling with activity so that it's a little intimidating to walk at night from the square up to the hotel since you have to walk about a black that's somewhat removed from the rest of the businesses closer to the center of Union Square. (check out my review of the Hotel Diva for other points of interest in the area, and for a discussion about the the pros and cons of the somewhat seedy area, if you want.) The hallways definitely have a noticeable weird smell- Not necessarily unpleasant but difficult to pinpoint. Possibly like really really bad industrial air freshener. It doesn't follow you into the rooms though, so it's only noteworthy if you're particularly sensitive about smells. It didn't bother us and it probably won't bother you unless you're planning to spend a lot of time out in the hall. The place is old, which I appreciate. It's hard to age 92 years gracefully, but the hotel has largely done just that, with the help of some recent renovations. On the other hand, our bathroom was a little shabby and had a pretty unsightly mildew problem in the shower which was a little unsettling. The following are things that were described as amenitites on the Savoy's website and/or in travel books (Fodor's) but we did not find to be true for our stay/room: there was no chilled tequila shot (not that this really bothered us since we're not big tequila fans but as an FYI to those of you would look forward to this); our new Beautyrest was so squeaky it was almost comical. Simply shifting in bed resulted in a chorus of embarrassing squeaks as the bed protested under our weight. And lest you chalk this up to the normal reaction of a helpless bed to a couple of overweight people, we're both pretty thin! The 400-thread count sheets were pretty rough. In fact, I'm pretty sure that they weren't 400 thread count. Maybe they were but it just didn't feel like it because they were probably bleached to death but they didn't feel like they were even percale. There were also no goose down comforters and pillows, just regular pillows and a typical mass chain hotel comforter. The ceiling fan was great (no air conditioner, which you almost never need in San Francisco) but a little noisy. There was also no bathrobe (as had been included as an amenity, by their website). Again, I'm sure the suites are super nice and contain all those amenities, and maybe our room was just a dud reserved for a couple of dusty looking kids (we're 27 and 28, respectively and both attorneys but we can look younger and scruffier, especially freed from our suits and on vacation) towing camping gear for a trip to Santa Cruz and Big Sur, but if you're expecting those amenities, I would just check with the hotel beforehand and see what to really expect if those things matter to you. We paid $139 for a Friday night, and $179 (weekend rate) for Saturday and Sunday each and it was totally booked when we were there (maybe because of the Marathon which was over that weekend). For less than $179, you can stay at the Rex (which has a cool Beat theme due to Kenneth Rexroth) or for $109 you can stay at the DIVA and be a little closer to the restaurants, theatres, bars, shopping, etc. We would still consider staying there again but only if it was a weekday (or we were splurging on a suite).Have a great time in San Francisco and check out the Millenium Restaurant!! The food is sublime. Forgo reservations and just sit at the bar and definitely check out their amazing desserts!! (and please don't be one of those lame people who peer at the menu, see that it's vegan, and then sniff at having to pay 20 bucks for an entree that's not a big steak. I like my big steaks too, but good food is good food!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	1	3	5	

<Author>cassandracrossing
<Content>lovely stay in Savoy My wife and I spent 5 days in san Francisco at The Savoy hotel. Our staying was beautiful: nice room, friendly and helpful staff, cool price for the room (I suggest to contact directly the hotel for good deals) good position (3 blocks from Union Square: if You are arriving from the SFO airport is easy to reach the hotel by Bart). Internet access for free at the lobby (with a printer available!) and a rich continental breakfast at reasonable price.For sure it has been a good choice.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful ! My wife and I stayed with our two daughters here for a couple of nights, We were in a charming suite. The staff was helpful though occasionally harried. Wine and cheese each late afternoon was welcome and the hotel location is only 2 or 3 short blocks to Union Square. I found this hotel warm and welcoming and would love to return. Great value forthe money spent.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pass on this one Do yourself a favor and spend the $40 or $50 extra bucks at the Drake or Westin Inn. Rooms are small and cramped. You don't come to San Francisco to spend time in a hotel room of course, but you do want something somewhat comfortable when you are spending time there. The Savoy is anything but comfortable.Staff will smile at you upon arrival but act annoyed if you ask anything more of them after checking in.Oh, and if you need your car from the parking garage, which also comes with an additional charge because nothing is included in San Francisco, be prepared to wait 30 minutes or more.Do yourself a favor. Stay at one of the hotels ON Union Square. They're more expensive, yes, but I'm firmly convinced that the extra expense is well worth it after one trying night at the Savoy.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JohnJohnJohnJohn
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff, Nice Hotel We recently spend four nights at the Savoy Hotel in San Francisco. The staff members were really attentive to our needs. The reservation agent actually thanked me for booking at the Savoy when I made my reservation by phone. This attitude continued while we were there. We were traveling around the city by bus and cable car, and the staff directed us to the De Young Museum by bus, which was by far the best way to go there. They also helped with restaurant suggestions and other directions. Our room was overlooking the street, but the double paned windows kept the noise to a minimum. The bed was large and comrortable and the room clean and well stocked. But the best thing about the Savoy is the location. It is one of the best values at Union Square. The hotel is a scant two blocks away from the square itself, and easliy walkable to all the shops and restaurants around Union Square. The restaurant at the hotel is also quite good. I would recommend the Savoy to anyone visiting San Francisco and looking for a great value and location.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming European Style Beautifully re-done. Clean and Charming. European-style continental breakfast. Reasonable price. Great location. Will definitely go back again.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel! We have just returned from a weekend at the Savoy Hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is magnificent and the staff provides excellent sevice. The rooms are quaint, and the beds are very comfortable (including egypitian cotton sheets that are very soft). They have a complimentary wine and cheese event during the late afternoon. I would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular Stay Spent a couple midweek nights at the Savoy and loved it. Great service and wonderful accommodations. The rooms have a European sensibility - Efficient space without sacrificing comfort or elegance. Short walks to fine dining, happening night-life, and great shopping. Strongly recommend.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ribm7727
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights after skiing in Lake Tahoe. The hotel is very well located, only a few blocks from Union Square (where most of the big shops are  the nearest cable car/tram).There are 2 computers with free internet access and between 4 and 6pm there is free wine with cheese and crackers in the lobby - great to start you off before the big night!!The restaurant inside the hotel, although vegetarian, is very good and the breakfast is good too, although on the last day we didn't eat there and ended up finding an even better place!The staff are very friendly, ourselves and the couple we were travelling with both got free room upgrades because the hotel wasn't very busy.Within walking distance are plenty of grocery stores to get your sandwiches/snacks/drinks for the day/night and best of all you are only 1 block away from Starbucks!! There are also plenty of very good quality restaurants in the area.The only negatives about this hotel are that you are right on the border of where it starts to get scary - you were regularly asked for spare change etc once you stepped out of the hotel which became annoying after a while. I think the fire station must be nearby too as I was regularly woken in the night by sirens and horns honking!!If you are on a high floor you may want to take the stairs down because the lift is really old and slow.Finally, despite the free wine downstairs, the bottle in your room is not free!!All in all though I would recommend this hotel if you don't mind the begging.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel! I stayed here nine years ago and once again on this trip to San Francisco, and thoroughly enjoyed my stay in this lovely hotel. The concierge was helpful, providing information and services. There is free internet with a printer, and every afternoon there is a wine/cheese reception in the lobby. The building is gorgeous, the restaurant inside has great food, and the ambience is fun. Just a couple of blocks away is Union Square, the BART Powell street station, and there are drugstores, restaurants and pubs nearby, along with wonderful art galleries  it's the theatres district, too: the location is great! Chinatown is a 10-minute walk. There is some typical street noise at night, but I had no problem sleeping in the comfortable bed with 400-count sheets. I look forward to visiting the Savoy again someday.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the ten best small hotels We were looking on the internet for a small charming hotel close to Union Square. We found the Savoy Hotel on Geary Street. Good, friendly reception; friendly doorman who did not hold out his hand for a tip. Colorful, clean carpets in the public areas. The room cheerful, apparently recently redecorated in diffeent shades of light and pleasant yellow. Expensive bedding, mattress and sheets. Ask for extra pillows. Two is not enough.On the backside, you'll hear some traffic. Neither the mayor nor the police chief has stopped the bad habit of hanking horns.Overall, at about $ 110/night it's a very good value. We'll go back.Aloha from Hawaii  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Savoy Hotel in San Fran is Wonderful!! My friend and I recently travelled to San Francisco and stayed at the Savoy Hotel on Geary and Jones Streets. We were both very impressed. The Savoy is a charming hotel located on the edge of the Union Square area. The personnel are very customer service oriented, friendly and helpful. The hotel decor is very charming and they are continuing to do improvements to add more facilities. The rooms are decorated very nicely in somewhat of an art deco flavor. The rooms are a reasonable size, very clean and the best beds I have ever experienced in a hotel other than the Hotel Imperial in Vienna. The rooms are also very quiet when you are staying on a very busy street the double pane glass helps immensely. The hotel offers a very nice continental breakfast for $7.00 and a great wine and cheese Happy Hour from 4-6 pm or maybe it was 4-7, but very nice get together in their lobby. The location of the hotel is perfect, with easy access to Union Square shopping, Fisherman's Wharf and really any place you want to go in San Francisco. It was truly a wonderful hotel experience in every way!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal Typical downtown hotel. Close to shopping and dining, but also close to a busy firebrigade. Our room was quite small but clean and neat. Staff was helpfull. Good budget deal.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sevi7
<Content>Good for your travel budget Charming building, liked the character. Very small rooms, which seems typical for San Francisco. This hotel met my requirements as far as price versus what we got: a comfortable bed, nice central location, and basic amenities such as a fridge with some snacks and cable tv. The wine and cheese was a nice touch. Other reviewers are right that it can be noisy at night, but this is downtown San Fran....seems like expectation management would be important in this case!As far as location goes, if you're going to San Fran on pleasure rather than business, I'd suggest staying on a more northern side of town. When I was there, I found that much of the fun stuff wasn't directly downtown.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mostlyharmless
<Content>Average       Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has old building character, and that's about it Paid $139 mid-week for a queen bed. Nice view of Geary Street, but also comes at the expense of street noise. The double-hung windows were only single-hung on one window frame section, allowing a lot of street noise to pass through.I picked this recommendation from a highly-regarded source: Frommer's. Needless to say, it let me down. The building has old-time charm, but that's where it ends. Here's what I did notice: ongoing construction, construction crew using the one elevator that exists in the hotel, lack of standard amenities (room had only one working electrical outlet), door man that doesn't exists at most times of the day, bathroom which looks like it was remodeled/fixed on a shoestring budget (silicone caulking was abound throughout the tiles).The wine reception between 4PM - 6PM is a nice touch, this is about the only shining area of the hotel's hospitality. My two cents: Old charm, but that's it. One elevator, sacrifice of modern creature comforts in the bedrooms (i.e.: convenient electrical outlets, counter space in the bathrooms) must be dealt with. Management could definitely benefit if their staff would get out from behind the front desk and have more presence with their guests in the lobby and at the front door.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sbourne
<Content>Could be worse I stayed here on a Thursday night for $129 and the following Friday for $199. The hotel is a typical old european-style boutique hotel. They've spruced it up a bit but there's no getting around the fact that it's just an old hotel. The lobby is small. The room I had was large. The bed was good. The room had it's own heat control but no air conditioning. The room was clean. There was a TV set with cable (14 channels) and inroom movies for an extra charge. There was a mini bar but the cabinet it was sitting in had literally fallen apart. Bathroom was fine, not much shower pressure but acceptable. The worse part of this hotel for me was the noise. My room faced Geary street and I heard people yelling all night. Additionally, the bed was right by the door and the noise from the hallway kept me up. I got little sleep over the two nights. Valet parking is available at $26 a day. There's no other parking nearby that I could see. The location in pretty good. Three blocks to Union Square. It's a reasonably safe area but on the edge of where things start to get a bit narly. All in all, if this place were 33% cheaper, I'd rate it better. But for the same money, my buddy got a room at the Grand Hyatt via Priceline's bid system and his room was MUCH nicer, quieter and more conveniently located. I'd stay here again in a pinch but it would not be my first choice.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent- For the Price MY wife and I stayed at the Savoy for 4 nights the last week of February- we were in San Francisco for a conference. Having spent two nights in a luxury hotel in Yountville, I was nervous because of previous reviews, re. noise, comfort, size of room, etc. The stay was excellent overall. Yes, the rooms are slightly small, but not unlike other European boutique hotels- we are fans of The Algonquin Hotel in NYC, as an example- and our room was very reasonably priced. The hotel has lots of character, free internet use, free wine and cheese, a charming lobby, an pleasantly adequate breakfast that came with our price, exceptionally comfortable beds, free coffee. a refrigerator, etc. All the people at the desk were very friendly and helpful. The restaurant, Millenium, is a must! And the room was as quiet as most urban hotel rooms tend to be. We would definately go back.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paulstuart
<Content>best room deal around I stayed at the Savoy for 4 nights this past week and was very pleased with my choice. The rooms are small by US standards but hey you're in SF and shouldn't be in your room much anyway. The rooms, hallways and lobby were extremely clean with no hint of off odors. Bathrooms were more than adequate with plenty of towels and toiletries although the hot/cold controls on the shower were quirky. As stated by others the bed and linens were top notch and I slept very well and was not bothered by street noise (I was on the 4th floor). The staff was friendly although not particularly knowledgable (questions about current theatre offerings were met with blank stares). The complementary wine  cheese was a nice afternoon pick me up and having the fantastic vegan restaurant Millenium sharing the lobby was a terrific plus for a before bedtime dessert  beverage. The Savoy is centrally located just 2 or 3 blocks up from Union Square. However it borders the Tenderloin on the other side so I found it best to go down Geary towards Union Square before heading off to points west. All in all a very good choice with location and comfort at an unbeatable price (I stayed 4 nights for under $250).  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>palmtreesforme
<Content>very happy Savoy HotelI visited San Francisco this past week for the first time. We were so glad to stay at the Savoy Hotel. The room was great. The employees at the front desk were very helpful when I asked for directions. The location was terrific. The Savoy is a short walk to the cable cars and to a lot of nice restaurants. San Francisco is an incredible city to visit and part of the great memories was staying at the Savoy.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again or recommend it My daughter and I stayed here and at first were pleasantly surprised by the charm of the old hotel; however it didn't take long to determine that our room on the second floor, at the back and overlooking a lane was going to be VERY noisy. The double hung window obviously did not close fully and an attempt at caulking the half inch gap did nothing to help keep out the street noise as well as the person who showed up each morning between 5:30 and 6:30 to hose down the lane (what goes on in that lane to warrant this clean up each morning). Also the bare hardwood floors do not help to keep out pounding feet from the room above. The shower controls looked to be the originals and did not work properly turning from ice cold to scalding hot in a second. Our last night turned cool and the heater in the room did not work. We were provided with extra blankets. The wine and cheese were a nice touch but as my daughter was under age, we did not partake. The $7.00 continental breakfast could be improved upon considerably by either offering what they serve for free ($7.00 is a lot for a bagel and an orange juice) or upgrading the choices. Most other hotels we have stayed at recently have offered a great selection from hot foods, fresh fruit, many cereals and abundant types of bread, bagels, muffins, etc. for free. We did not feel completely safe in the area at night. The hotel is located on the very fringe of the Tenderloin area and is frequented by homeless/panhandlers and sketchy looking people. All in all our stay in San Francisco was very enjoyable and was only marred by our accommodation.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For those seeking total character! Great hotel for a great weekend. Us being in our mid, late 20's we were seeking something other than the blah that chain hotels have to offer. We absolutely found it at The Savoy. Quaint lobby with antique furniture. Our room: the queen deluxe, I believe, was awesome! Canary Yellow painted walls with small subtle San Francisco quotes along the ceiling, two sets of bay windows (which, did not keep street noise out that much)Bonus: Flat panel tv hanging over our antique dresser. Another bonus: free wine and cheese from 4-6pm. We really took advantage of this perk! Simply three blocks from Union Square, it was an easy walk to shopping, eating and bars.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Savoy Hotel- Lovely and Quaint!! My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Savoy Hotel for 5 days, 4 nights, and we could not have been happier with our choice! This was our first time to San Francisco, but the hotel was in a wonderful location! It's just a couple of blocks from Union Square, and it's also easily within walking distance of Chinatown and the Financial District. The staff was eager to please and very helpful. Anytime we had any questions they were quick to answer them, as well as give us suggestions on what we could do. Each afternoon the hotel serves complimentary wine, cheese, and crackers in the lobby which is a very nice touch. The only downside of the entire place is the size of the rooms- we were comfortable in the room, however, there is not much extra space at all. Overall, this hotel is worth every cent and I hope you like it as much as we did!!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was very charming, great area, good value! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for four nights. We were nervous at first about our choice as we had never visted San Francisco and weren't sure which areas we should try to stay in. In the end we were very impressed with the character of this hotel. Our hotel room was small but very beautifully decorated, there was a big bathroom, closet, ironing board, fridge and the bedding and matresses were the most comfort I've ever experienced at a hotel. The wine and cheese was a very nice touch. The area was great, really close to shopping and many restaurants, there were quite a few homeless people around, but they did not bother us very much. San Francisco is such a beautiful city!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlgb1
<Content>Would return but some issues We stayed here on a Saturday night on the Travelzoo special, which was $75 base rate for a twin-bedded room. Since it was raining, we used the valet but did not take advantage of in/out priveleges. One can self-park in the same Jones Street garage for $20. Actually a relative bargain, but if I had a choice, I would have used public transportation rather than drive. Our room is advertised as Classic. It was small but adequate, with two comfortable twin beds, desk, a large closet with safe. The bathroom was fairly large but with virtually no counter space. A bit of mold present on the shower tiles, not overly gross. The other fixtures, bedding and carpet were clean. The biggest drawback was that the large double-hung window did not close completely, with a half-inch gap that let in cold air and street noise. Yes, it was very noisy even though we had only an alley view. The small space heater worked, but the room was drafty. We missed the happy hour and our rate did not include the breakfast. We ate breakfast at David's Deli just down the block on Geary (for nostalgia's sake). A sign in the lobby indicates the continental breakfast is available at $7 per person, I would give it a try next time. Our favorite restaurant, Mocca on Maiden Lane, across from the Frank Lloyd Wright building and Britex Fabrics. My favorite hotel amenity is a computer terminal with free internet access on the front desk. Great for tourists traveling without their laptops.We liked the Geary Street location for convenience to Union Square, Maiden Lane, galleries and theatres. I probably would not stay here for a longer trip to SF involving the typical tourist sites, Fisherman's Wharf etc, but it's great for a weekend night. Two females together, we did not feel especially unsafe since there is a lot of foot traffic on Geary, along with the ever-present panhandlers.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a must stay We stayed at this hotel for three nights starting on December 2nd. The room was small and the positioning of the bathroom door to the head of the bead was not pleasant. If you enjoy the smell of a recently used bathroom you may enjoy it. While we were there a brand new pair of shorts went missing and we assumed that they got taken out with the linen when our room was cleaned. We asked the front desk to take a look for them on our behalf. We never heard a thing about them and were in a rush when we checked out so did not have time to follow up then.My biggest complaint with this hotel is the experience after we departed. I noticed that I had somehow forgotten (even though I double checked that I had not left anything behind) my battery charger for my digital camera. I attempted to phone their toll free number that is listed on their web site and discovered that it did not work from Calgary Canada. I then emailed them to request that they locate it as well as the missing pair of shorts on my behalf. The email was said to have been forwarded to housekeeping but I never again heard back from them even after I asked them to follow up with housekeeping.I would suggest that you keep your valuables locked up if you stay here because you may never see them again!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>caldonna61
<Content>Funky Hotel/Great Price Considering the prices in the Union Square area in San Francisco, the Savoy Hotel is a fabulous find. I got a price quote on Travelocity for $109 per night and was not disappointed. I needed to check-in early and had absolutely no problems doing so. My room was clean with quirky quotes painted on the walls and a mirror that said The Star of this Room with a very cool surfboard w/the map of California attached to the door. The location can't be beat; you're in walking distance of everything! And the bus line is very easy to navigate (it's only $1.50) and the nearest one is right on the corner of Jones. My meals were excellent. Dotties True Blue Cafe is right around the corner and is one restaurant that should NOT be missed. Colibri is down the street toward Union Square Market (killer mohitos) and Fino (authentic Italian) is a couple of blocks from the hotel. Also, the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about the San Francisco area. Since The Savoy is an old boutique hotel it has character traits such as creaky wooden floors and a slow moving elevator. This may turn some people off, but this traveler considers it to be part of its lovely charm. Every guest I ran into seemed to agree with me.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wise2374
<Content>Decent value for a decent (at best) hotel While the prices here for staying in the Union Square area are something of a draw, after staying here you'll have a sense that you get what you pay for.We were given a room that had that old hotel scent - my wife likened the smell to a grandmother's basement - a mildew-y, old clothes smell. Now, it's quite possible that not every room has this smell, but for us, it was a certain reminder that we were in an old hotel.In addition, there was no air conditioner (!) in our top floor room, and that's a challenge when you need to open windows over busy and noisy Geary St. The bed also wasn't real comfortable with a mushy mattress and old and worn sheets. Otherwise, the rooms were very clean and perfectly servicable.Note that given the age of the hotel, there's no high speed internet connections in the rooms available. However, there's free wireless available in the lobby and mezzanine - which, by the way, are charming and generally inviting, if worn.The hotel has a nice location in that it's on the main street (Geary) in the Union Square area, just a few blocks from the Square itself. Service was friendly and helpful too.All in all, you might not have the room experience we had, and for the price, this is a decent value in the Union Square area. There's nothing here that should scare you away if you're on a real budget. But you can generally do better with similar prices at some of the other hotels in the area (check out the Kimpton or the Joie de Vivre chains, which have a few hotels in the Union Square area.)  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>2kiwis
<Content>Quirky but comfortable and cheap Savoy Stayed at the Savoy at the beginning of Sept. Shared one of their two bedroom suites with my Mom - which worked out great. Essentially we had two separate rooms (one King, one Queen) connected by a small foyer and shared a bathroom. Good value and suited us fine.Overall I found the hotel a bit quirky - rooms were a bit old, slowest elevator in creation (easier to run up the stairs), funny quotes about SF painted on the walls, but very comfortable beds (new mattresses, nice pillows), and good value (we booked through Expedia and got about $99 US/night.The location of the hotel is near Union Square (about 4 block walk), which is convenient. But Geary is a very busy, noisy road. My Mom had the bedroom facing the street and found it very noisy. Mine was a bit quieter and I sleep like a log anyway.The staff was pretty average. Not super friendly, but polite enough. Wouldn't be my first choice for a place to stay - but I guess if you can get a good discount and want somewhere centrally located it's not bad.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWFUL service, hotel needs work Four of my work colleagues and I stayed at the Savoy hotel on a recent business trip to San Francisco. We did quite a few searches before settling on the Savoy, based on user reviews, price, and location. I would NOT recommend this hotel to people traveling to the city, as there are a huge number of other hotels nearby. The hotel is old, and it shows in the worn carpets, incredibly slow elevator, and non-updated common areas. The whole hotel is supposed to be non-smoking, but I was originally given a room that smelled like an ashtray. It was so bad you could smell it from the hallway. I asked for a room change and the front desk was totally unhelpful and unfriendly about it. They told me they would have to move me into a twin room that ended up being just as bad--- I could hear everything on the street (cars, people talking, nearby neighbors), and the shower didn't work properly. They told me they would change my room the next day, but I had to wait until late afternoon for them to do it. After all that, they still charged me the regular room rate! The location was great, however, the service was terrible-- especially the very unfriendly front desk staff that works during key business hours. They were totally unhelpful with everything from needing to change rooms, getting taxis, and giving directions. The Millenium restaurant was worth eating at, and the service there was good. I would suggest to anyone considering this place to look elsewhere--- the city has many other (better) options!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Fisherman Jim
<Content>Savov - Good Value Found the hotel quite quaint. No A/C concerned me, but with window open, still was quiet and comfortable. We upgraded to a better room ($10 more) and thoroughly enjoyed it.The wine and cheese every night was a nice touch.Bed comfortable, bathroom clean and bright, good shower.Front desk QUITE helpful.Valet parking quick and convenient.Theatre, shopping and trolley lines within short walking distance.An excellent value.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very poor experience My husband and I planned our trip to San Francisco months ago including hotel reservations. We had originally planned to stay at the Savoy Hotel (based on recommendations on this site and in various guidebooks) for four nights. However, about one month before our arrival date our plans changed. I notified the hotel that we needed to cancel two nights. I was given the same reservation number before ending the call.When we arrived at the hotel we discovered that our original reservation had not, in fact, been altered in the computer system and that when we did not show up the first night (of the original booking) they cancelled our room for the duration.After standing at the front desk for 15 minutes (being ignored by the second clerk) the clerk returned to inform us that the hotel was completely booked and she recommended we go elsewhere. The hotels she mentioned were all totally out of our price range so completely unhelpful. There seemed to be no recognition that this was THEIR problem to solve, not ours.We ended up staying at the Phoenix Hotel (great place with great ambience and service) which cost more (weekend rates) than the room at the Savoy and we had to alter our dinner reservation at Millennium from 7:30pm to 9:45pm so we had enough time to locate another hotel and move our luggage etc.Overall, very unpleasant/frustrating experience. We lost about 2.5 hours of our day, had to pay for parking at the Savoy while we learned they had screwed up our reservation and paid more for a hotel room than we had budgeted. Grrr.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent (aside from one jerk of a hotel clerk) We stayed here a few weeks ago and found it quite charming, save for Nick at the front desk, who checked us in and was suprisingly rude. Not only was he sassy and short with us and any questions we had, but he literally scoffed at us when we explained that we had not made a reservation for the dinner special that came with our room. Besides this, the hotel was old but well kept and cozy. Our room was bright, and the bed was really comfortable. All encounters with other staff members were quite pleasant, as well. A word for the wise: Take advantage of their 2-2-2 special, which includes dinner at the attached restaurant, Millenium, continental breakfast and one night's stay for $200. It was a good deal and the restaurant is amazing. Just remember to make your dinner reservation separate from the hotel reservation. (They don't tell you always.)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morellyn
<Content>Unsavory Savoy My wife and I stayed here for one night in mid-August, booking the 2-2-2 special the Savoy advertises on their website. This package includes dinner at the Millennium restaurant (vegetarian), located in their lobby, plus an overnight stay, for $200. Considering that dinner would add up to around $75 or so, plus getting a decent room near Union Square, I thought this would be a good deal. After our experience, I'm not so sure. I always try to be fair in my writeups, and the Savoy did have several good points, but it also had some negatives to consider before booking a room:1) When we arrived, there was a sign for the valet, but no one there. My wife went inside to find someone, and they said they would call someone to pick up the car. I waited outside by the car for about 10+ minutes until I finally went inside to ask what was going on. The clerk responded that their offered parking and valet service was through a garage around the corner, and that he had called someone to come over from there to get the car. He also warned me that prior guests had been ticketed and that the SF police would tow a car parked outside the hotel during afternoon rush hours. So he suggested that I drive around the block a few times while we waited for the valet to appear. I was surprised by this disorganization, but decided to wait a few more minutes by the car instead. When no one appeared after several more minutes, I finally got in the car and drove it to the garage around the corner myself. The attendant was surprised to see me, and said he was just sending someone over to the hotel to get the car. 2) The room we received was decidedly European in its character. By that, I mean cozy, but nice and well-appointed. The double pane windows helped screen out much of the street noise, even on a lower floor (3rd) and the ceiling and walls were decorated with whimsical pictures and entertaining quotes. The bathroom was a little dated, but all in all, it appeared to be a pretty decent room. However, upon closer inspection as we were getting ready, the drain in the tub seemed to have standing water inside it. When I pulled up the stopper to see if there was a clog, there was a fairly thick clump of long brown hair attached. And the water was still there, so there must have been a good deal more of it down the drain a bit. It didn't look like this tub had been thoroughly cleaned for awhile, and my wife was not about to take a bath in it after seeing that.3) Twice during the night we were awakened by a screeching sound in the pipes just below our room floor. I still don't know what caused this horrible sound, but it threw us bolt upright twice from a dead sleep, once around 12:30 AM and once around 2:30 AM. It lasted only about 5 or 6 seconds in all, but it was a startling and very unpleasant experience. Twice. If we hadn't been so dead tired and not wanting to pack up, I would have requested another room immediately. I wanted to like this place, and from surface appearances, it looks like a nice place and a good value. We really enjoyed the Millennium restaurant, but the hotel was disappointing. The drain situation was somewhat offputting, but even then, the stay would have been alright, except for the shrieking sound of the pipes. The front desk was too busy the next morning to worry much about our problems, so I just wrote the whole thing off as a learning experience. As you might imagine, I just can't endorse this hotel to others, as we may dine there again, but will probably not be staying there.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brewerlaw
<Content>Cute Boutique Hotel, Good Visitor Location, Few Drawbacks We stayed here for 5 nights last week and REALLY LIKED this hotel! Front desk staff were friendly enough - not what one would call southern friendly, but it's not the south, and they certainly weren't rude. The daily wine/cheese hour was a really nice touch - you can grab a plate of fruit, cheese, and crackers and a glass of wine on your way up to your room after an afternoon of touring the city. The decor throughout is lovely - trendy meets traditional, modern and obviously updated in the last few years or so. The room rate was great (room was a little small in size, but plenty big for the two of us, and VERY comfortable). Now, as much as I love this hotel, in fairness to potential visitors reading these reviews, I can only give it 3 stars, because there were some drawbacks: (1) no internet service in the room, only lobby (but it was free); (2) toilet didn't work quite right first day, but my husband was able to fix it; (3) no air conditioning, but with San Fran weather, open windows made for perfect room temperature (and there is a ceiling fan), but keep this in mind and request a high floor because it is near a sketchy part of town, and open windows at night gave us an occassional earful of noisy nighttime activity (most nights we were exhausted though, from walking the hilly city, so we slept fine; we were on 6th floor out of seven); (4) when we checked in, I needed to cancel one night of our reservation, and I could tell that the desk clerk was not paying full attention when I mentioned the cancelation; so on the sheet where I had to sign off on the room rate, I also wrote cancel Aug 16. When we checked out on Aug. 13, I asked the (different) desk clerk to confirm that the Aug 16 night had been cancelled, and it had not been. I had her pull the sheet where I had written on it, so she would know we gave timely notice, and she said she would take care of it; (5) elevator takes a long time - take the stairs going down even from top floors; (6) no response to my email before the trip, asking for confirmation of our reservation, which I sent to the email address shown on their website (and I booked through the hotel website) - I called and only got verbal confirmation). As for view from the room, there's nothing nearby to have a great view of, and that didn't matter to us on this trip and doesn't affect my rating of the hotel. All of that being said, some of these things would be the case with any number of hotels in old buildings in a large city; and the hotel really has NICE character, which is what we like in a hotel. If you want luxury, you can pay twice as much and get it down the street. For comfort and a good getting around town location for a visitor, I don't think there's a better value in San Francisco!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>cainen
<Content>Good Enough Stayed for 3 nights - couple with 2 teenagersYou get what you pay for - clean comfortable rooms - just big enough- friendly staff though not many of them- generally good knowledgeable service- blocked sink took a day to fix- no aircon, view, lounge- good location- breakfast rubbish - go across the street which is excellent  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Savoy was poor value, with service problems I was staying in San Francisco at the same time a few people I had just met were, and they were all paying significantly (30- 50%) less at their hotels than I was at the Savoy. My room at the Savoy was bigger than theirs, but we were all staying in the same (slightly sleazy--many bums, prostitutes and massage parlors) area around Union Square. Note, the city-view rooms the Savoy offers for slightly more on the phone just mean you can see the bums, prostitutes and massage parlors from your room. There's much bettter value than the Savoy.Also, while the people working there were nice enough, the actual service I got had some serious problems. The voicemail in my room didn't work, and they never fixed it or got back to me when I reported it. The towel rack in my room was broken, and twisted away from the wall the first time I put a towel on it. A note left by two of my friends at the front desk was never given to me, and to make it worse, they gave the note to somebody who knew me that came in off the street. Now, in this case, it was a friend, so no harm done. But the idea they gave a note for me to somebody who came in off the street is such a violation of trust. Also, a couple of times they sent visitors upstairs to see if I was in my room, rather than calling up. Given the sleazy neighborhood, I'd want to see a lot better security.Not a horrible place, but you can do a lot better. Go somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Browaman
<Content>Lovely little hotel This hotel was a great one!!!! It was pretty cheap, considering the location. Right downtown. The rooms were small, but CLEAN, and the bathroom was small, but CLEAN... but really, how much time do you end up staying in your hotel on your trip???!!! Had wine  cheese hour... not too bad, and they give you some complimentary fruit  chocolate after your first night.... Would love to stay again, no problems whatsoever!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BoogsieMatthews_NC
<Content>Good and Bad This hotel is between a great neighborhood and an unsavory one. Because of our short one-night stay, we didn't walk outside and don't know if it would have been a problem. The restaurant, all vegan, is absolutely excellent as was the service. The rooms, which were small, as to be expected in a hotel in a large downtown, were very charming, attractive and comfortable. However, 1) No one offered to help us with our luggage on arrival and 2) the same desk clerk was uncommunicative, unwelcoming, and unhelpful on both arrival and departure. (6/23 and 6/24/05)  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sylhil
<Content>Don't stay at the Savoy Hotel on Geary My husband and I just returned from a short business trip to San Francisco. We stayed at the Savoy Hotel for 3 nights. The first room they put us in had mould growing in the shower and the carpet was filthy. They begrudgingly changed our room. This room had a toilet-full of something and when we tried to flush it, the toilet overflowed all over the floor. We phoned the front desk and they sent someone up to plunge it. We had to beg them to wash the floor and give us new towels or a new room, but they said the hotel was full. The carpets were also filthy and there was not chair in the room, or anywhere to sit except the bed. We booked this over the internet, and their write-up said that the hotel had been completely redone - Parisienne style. Not so! We just didn't feel the room was clean, and it wasn't. On the up-side, the afternoon wine and cheese was good, we took a plateful of cheese and grapes back to our room, and 2 glasses of wine, which was not too bad. We were very glad to leave and we will not be going back to this hotel - ever!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGTraveler7
<Content>What a disappointment! When we arrived at the Savoy, we were given a very small room (the smallest I have ever stayed in, including the much much cheaper Motel 6 and such). There was just enough space to get around the bed. The window looked out onto a wall ten feet away. The steet noise kept us awake much of the night, even though we were on the seventh floor! The bathroom was also very small, and the water in the shower changed temperature constantly. The location was pretty good (although at the edge of Union Square). However, many hotels in that area probably do a better job in room design and upkeep. Ultimately, our Savoy experience rated low on comfort.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Savoy Hotel is Wonderful! My 8 year old son and I stayed at the Savoy Hotel in March, 2005. From the time we walked in until the time we left, we were treated wonderfully. The staff was professional from the manager to the cleaning people. There were video games available for my son in the room - which he was more than happy about - me too, and the room was perfect for our stay. The room was bright and homey. All of our needs were taken care of in a timely manner and I'd recommend this hotel to EVERYONE. The only downside is because it's located in downtown San Francisco, it can be a little noisy - bring earplugs - they made a real difference. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel We moved to this hotel after spending a horrendous night at the Travelodge a couple of blocks away. The room was very comfortable and well decorated, and felt luxurious compared with the Travelodge even though it was not much more expensive. Staying here made our trip to San Francisco a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beverlina
<Content>For tourists with more Euros than taste - in a word "Yuck" So sad...The Savoy had been a family secret. Ideal location, great value and, while not the most modern of facilities, agreeable to the eye with its French provincial/Bistro feel and especially pleasing to the pocketbook. We had stayed here many times, but not since the chain Joie de Vivre had sold it.It was with much (unfortunately justified) trepidation that I booked what was to be my last stay there. The changes were apparent the instant I walked in the door. Free Tequila shot upon registration the sign next to the cheap tequila declared. Upon walking into our room, the first thing I saw was a mirror with a little brass sign YOU are the star! Across from it, a mini-surfboard with a map of California on it. And there... in the same room containing the stodgy, tired old world furniture, were photographs of surfers, and pseudo-famous quotes about California written on the walls. Whoever decorated these rooms is completely colorblind! Colors clashed with each other, and old furniture competed (believe me, I do enjoy eclectic styles, but this was beyond redemption) with bedspreads not even the Salvation Army would accept and some kind of turf-like carpeting, all encompassed in rooms with walls painted screaming yellow and vivid pistachio green. Yeow!The Savoy still has many excellent qualities. Its location is unbeatable if you wish to be near Union Square. The staff is responsive, friendly and extremely helpful. The price is still good (though I will be happy to pay a few dollars more to stay elsewhere... and heaven knows, San Francisco has so many excellent choices). They still offer free wine, cheese and fruit to their guests between 5 and 6pm. The old bistro-style restaurant has been replaced with a hip and extremely successful Vegan restaurant... Millenium.Other things to keep in mind... the windows are not double-paned, so even on the 5th floor, the noisy street sounds are ever-present. Joie de Vivre has opened a new hotel just a few doors down that will probably be my San Francisco home-away-from-home from now on: the gorgeous Adagio.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Online Reservation Beware of booking online. You will not receive a confirmation email. Since I did not receive an email confirming my reservation, I booked elsewhere and was charged a no show fee. Shame on me but shame on Savoy Hotel for not providing a simple service such as a confirmation email as all other hotels I've booked around the world do.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint! Newly renovated with old world feel. Clean historic hotel that can fit most budgets. A big plus: our queen size bed had soft, egyptian cotton sheets, and fluffy pillows. Tasty vegetarian restaurant attached to hotel. I also enjoyed their daily wine and cheese hour. The minuses: Offers only valet parking, which is expensive and requires lots of tipping. No high-speed internet in rooms yet.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JRGreen
<Content>Shabby Genteel Stayed at the Savoy Hotel February 2005. We got a great deal through a travel web-site buying the airfare and room together. The hotel is in a good location but a couple of blocks over you're in The Tenderloin, one of San Francisco's more unsavory neighborhoods. If you are walking to the Muni Metro/Bart station, I'd walk down to Union Square and forget walking down Jones. The room was small but the bed was comfortable. There was still a little bit of trash in the wastebasket in the bathroom when we arrived, also there was a bottle of Neutrogena Facial Soap on the sink that said $10.00 and it had already been opened - we advised the desk clerk and we weren't charged for it. The shower head was too low so you had to dunk down to get the shampoo out of your hair, and the hot/cold was touchy. They advertise that you get a tequila shot when you arrive but we didn't see any. Have cheese and cheap wine set out for happy hour. We found a few pieces of fruit in our room one night with a thank you note for being their guest. The hotel can be noisy at night with all the commotion on Geary. Still, would stay there again. It was charming.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frannie60
<Content>Loved the location and the BED!! My husband and I flew into SFO and stayed here at the Savoy for 2 days before we drove down the California coast to LAX and Vegas. The start of our trip was great. The front desk staff were very helpful and the room was clean but small. We asked if they had a corner room liike in their ad and we were lucky-there was. The bed was absolutely awesome. This hotel is an older hotel and it reflected in the bathroom, but it was very clean and beautiful. The only downside was the day we arrived, we were in our 1st room for about 15minutes were my husband changed his shoes and put them under the bed. When we changed rooms, he forgot his shoes and about 30 minutes later, he went back to get them in the original room and lo and behold they were gone. The desk staff said no one seen them, but I suppose it was our mistake in the first place. Not going to cry over spilled milk, although if they were my shoes, I would be REALLY upset. Needless to say, we did not want to let it spoil our vacation. The location is great. We walked everywhere. The front desk staff recommended Cafe Espresso for breakfast or lunch and let me tell you...it was fantastic. I would go back just for that. So all in all, I would recommend this hotel for location, cleanliness, helpful staff and most of all the BED!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Savoy -- again! Spent New Year's in San Francisco at the Savoy for a second year in a row. The standard room I had requested wasn't available upon check-in, so I received a very nice upgrade to a two-bedroom suite on the second floor. The high ceilings and square footage of the rooms made it a little difficult to keep them properly heated, but otherwise everything was very pleasant: the feather bed was so comfortable, it really made it difficult not to want to sleep in very late. The double-paned windows kept out most of the traffic noises from Geary Street -- you'd only really need earplugs if you were hyper-sensitive to noise or just fresh off a farm. The bath robes are a fun perk, and I had no problem with water pressure. It took about thirty-seconds to get the hot water going, but once it got hot, it stayed hot. The breakfast in the Millennium restaurant space is a better value than it was: the price is now $5 (I think it was $8 on my last visit) for selections of cereals, juices, yogurt, and muffins/croissants. And, of course, the wine and cheese reception is a really nice touch.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GerrySanJose
<Content>Savoy greatly improved We stayed at the Savoy Dec. 10-12 2004, we were leary having read the negative reviews, but found there had been many changes. Our room was freshly painted, with new sofa and chair in our junior suite. The feather bed was wonderful, like sleeping in a cloud. New double paned windows greatly reduced any street noise. The staff was wonderful and quick to fill any requests. We enjoyed the complimentary wine and cheese in the afternoon. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in downtown San Francisco amid the hustle and bustle of the Christmas season. Before I forget, for a full American breakfast you can't go wrong with the Olympic Cafe across the street, they serve amazing omlettes.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good location, not so good for the senses Spent two nights here in a suite over the weekend. The location is great and the staff seemed very agreeable, but the accommodations were so-so. The place shows its age; floors creak, ceilings feature interesting stains, and the shower ran alternately hot and cold. A little harder to bear were the off-putting smells (there seemed to be a sewage problem somewhere in the vicinity) and high noise level from the street at night. Plan to bring earplugs if you go.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and good value We stayed in the Savoy for four nights in September 2004 during our two week holiday in California. I had a good rate of $99 for a delux room, and it was well worth it. The hotel is not a chain, so you always expect some degree of quirkiness - but the bed was very comfortable, and the room perfectly adequate from a size point of view (when you are on holiday how much time do you spend in your room anyway?!!). Its in a great location - I can totally recommend the Olympic Cafe across the road for breakfast - fantastic omlettes! We also walked to Fisherman's Wharf from there - takes about 25 minutes but perfectly do-able. I would agree with the point made about the lift being incredibly slow (not helped by people on the 2nd and 3rd floors catching it - WALK! its better for you and the environment!!) - we were on the 7th floor and only used it when we had our luggage.I would recommend this both on price and not being a chain hotel!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirtiest Most Worn down place I've ever been in! This is one of the worst hotels I've ever been in! We booked through Orbitz and apparently it is their policy that if you book through any of the online booking agents other than The Savoy itself they give you the worst room they can find. The desk clerk actually admitted this to us! We were given a room with a hole in the ceiling caused by water damage. The bathroom had urine on the seat, hair on the sink and windowsill, and some sort of dirt on the bottom of the shower. There was a very unusual lump in the middle of the bed and the bedding had definitely seen better days. Not to mention the smell in this place was horrific! It smelled like a nursing home mixed with a men's urinal. ICK! There were stains all over the carpet and the walls were paper thin. We could hear the people next to us having a conversation in normal tones. It wasn't even like they were yelling. The room was the equivalent of a closet. We had a bigger room aboard a cruise ship and that's not saying much. The doors do not have proper locking systems and our door didn't even fit properly into the frame so all the light from the hall spilled in around the door frame. There are no chains or deadbolts on the door even though the entrance into the alleyway was left unsecured. I don't know how this hotel got a 3 star rating. It was absolutely filthy and disgusting. Everything in it was old, worn out, and improperly installed. We ended up leaving after a few hours there and letting them keep our one night deposit. The staff was less than helpful. The front desk saw no problem with giving a customer a room with urine all over the bathroom and a hole in the ceiling. From the sound of the couple next door's discussion, they were disgusted too. Everyone in my party ended up checking out of their rooms too since none of the rooms were any cleaner or safer. We ended up getting a cheaper room at the Courtyard hotel. They gave us a better rate, the staff was friendly, and the room was easily three times the size of the Savoy rooms. Plus we didn't have to endure any urine, hair, or holes in the ceiling.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zoozle
<Content>Nice Hotel The only thing wrong with this place is that it's on a very noisy street. We stayed on a Saturday night, so it may have been a bit noisier than other nights. I would recommend requesting a room facing away from the street - probably a good idea with any hotel, or take ear-plugs if you sleep lightly.The staff were great though, and the free wine and cheese in the early evening was a nice touch. The room was really nicely decorated, and have no other complaints except for the noise.Breakfast was croissants, juice and cereal. Recommended.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Friday-Saturday, August 27-28, 2004Standard room = $99/night, Deluxe corner room = $114.I upgraded to the deluxe without seeing the standard, just based on reviews I had read about it being bigger, etc.The location is very convenient to public transportation and Union Square. I even walked down to the Embarcadero/Pier 7 from the hotel - not close but do-able. It's within blocks of the Tenderloin but if you avoid anything west of Leavenworth St. at night, it's a fine part of town. Geary St. has several hotels, restaurants, etc. and takes you right to Union Square/Powell St. (5 min. walk). If you do take BART into the city, walk straight up Powell or Stockton and turn left on Geary to avoid the sketchier streets southwest of the hotel. The feather bed was very comfortable, the room was well-furnished, the bathroom was spotless and our towels and soaps were replaced (not sure why the other reviewer had a problem).Anything beyond network television comes for a charge. 2 year old cable shows will cost you! Alot! The music and music video feature on the TV is also VERY expensive. Luckily I wasn't in S.F. to watch TV and the deluxe room comes with a CD player.Overall, I was very happy with my room, the hotel, and the neighborhood. This is a great deal and very convenient for travelling in the city and taking BART to the East Bay.I would definitely recommend this hotel and at this great rate will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, but not what I expected   showReview(2316899, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Customer Service A+++   showReview(2316077, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rmjunlimited
<Content>Great staff!   showReview(1627152, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pam47
<Content>Good SF value and feeling   showReview(1545802, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Stompin'" at the Savoy   showReview(1537754, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A surprise find   showReview(1537623, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value   showReview(1510635, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Intimate and friendly   showReview(1345148, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap Price, Cheap Room   showReview(1229299, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty nice for the price!   showReview(861552, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>feines Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(16591445, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in sehr guter Lage   showReview(14731464, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, zentrales Hotel   showReview(13982117, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163715, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162585, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍎仐銇勯洶鍥叉皸銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19161645, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(11430022, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

