<Author>WantToSeeItAll
<Content>ok, Some major problems Got this room thru Hotwire, so I guess I can't complain, but was given the smallest room known to mankind, like a 13x13 size, window looks out into a crack between the buildings altho I requested a street view. Rooms clean, bathrooms ok. AC broke after first day, miserable conditions, came back to room at 430pm, to find nothing had been down, towels on floor, beds not made, etc.Complained at desk and they switched my room to a suite, with a window view. Not bad. Beds were comfortable. So for the price I paid, it was decent. Food in restaurant awful, had the breakfast buffet for $21.99 and it was awful.It's located 2 blocks off Canal St, not bad, unless you can't walk anywhere, 2 blocks from the St. Charles streetcar.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Rolsu
<Content>For business it's great, but that's about it This was a decent place for a business stay. Friendly staff, excellent location, clean and with good air conditioning to withstand NOLA's Summer heat. It has a few shortcomings: You gotta' pay for your own parking (almost 30 bucks Valet, though I recommend paying 15 US$ at the parking lot around the corner), and for internet (U$ 9.95, and it is not very fast). The decoration is about average, though the fact that it is a historic property makes it a bit interesting. No bells and whistles: Just one restaurant, no bar and no pool. I was really happy with what I got for the price (500 US$ in Priceline including flight, 3 nights at the Whitney and a small car), so taking that into consideration I give it an 'above average' rating. But don't pay the full rate by all means...in that case, try to find another hotel closer to the French Quarter (if you are on vacation) or at one of the flashier boutique hotels.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>AZpar8head
<Content>Fantastic ~ Mardi Gras 2008 at the Whitney My husband and I flew to New Orleans for Mardi Gras 2008. This was our 4th vacation trip to New Orleans, our favorite vacation spot, but only our first Mardi Gras. Because my arthritis has gotten progressive worse and I have a hard time walking, we decided to stay closer to the parade route on St Charles instead of in our usual BB in the French Quarter. The Whiney is one short block away from St Charles and the perfect location. When we checked in, they gave us plastic arm bands so we could have easy access to the hotel. The staff checked for the armbands at the door and people without them did not get in to use the facilities. Our room was on the 7th floor and it was very elegant. I asked for non-smoking and the room was great (did not smell like smoke at all). The staff cleaned up the room everyday and left chocolates on the pillows. The bathroom was huge and had all luxurious extras. We ate breakfast everyday in the restaurant in the lobby. The food was great, the service was wonderful, and the restaurant was in what used to be the bank鈥檚 lobby with lots of marble columns and brass teller windows and the funniest mural of movie stars from the 40s standing in line at the bank. Since I couldn鈥檛 walk very well, the doorman always flagged me down a cab which was hard to do during Mardi Gras with all the streets blocked off for the parades all day. All of the staff at this hotel was wonderful during our stay, very friendly and accommodating. During checkout, the clerk noticed a mistake on our bill (charge for parking and we had no car) and she corrected it immediately before mentioning it to us, we might not have even noticed. The only downside was that the Whitney is two blocks away from the main Police Station. Normally, this would not be a bad thing, but during Mardi Gras the police sirens were screaming all night long. Across from this hotel is a 10 story parking garage so the noise level from the street from those police car sirens echoed between the parking garage and the hotel so we would just fall asleep and there goes a police car with its sirens and lights again, echoing up to my room and waking me up again. We stayed an extra day after all the madness, Ash Wednesday, and the noise level was down to normal and we slept and relaxed and had a wonderful time.We had the time of our lives celebrating Mardi Gras in New Orleans. I find the people of Louisiana very friendly, helpful and caring, not only those working in the hotels, stores and restaurants, but the people along the parade route that shared their ladders and chairs with me so I could enjoy my first Mardi Gras. Laissez les bon temps roulette !!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigdude1980
<Content>Not Worth The Money The Suite was a nice size. The robes were worn and one actually had a large hole in it. The front desk clerk said it was ok to wear and would attempt to get it replaced should another clean one become available. The Whitney is far away from anywhere to eat unless you are willing to walk and walk, especially through what appears to be an unsafe area. The internet service is terrible. I have stayed previously at The Whitney and unfortunately returned. Will not make the same mistake. The front desk staff leaves a lot to be desired. You can find a better hotel for less money, especially since it is so far from Bourbon Street.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Inmypool
<Content>Not So Hot I reserved my queen room for 2-weeknights through Priceline and when my husband  I checked in we were given a well worn room with 2-double beds and no windows. We asked for something else and they said sorry all sold out. It was quiet because it didn't overlook the street but, beware if you are claustraphobic because many of the rooms in the back are directly up against another building. This was a slow week in New Orleans, no Mardi Gras or Jazz Fest either.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Pashasite
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed at the Whitney during a conference I attended in New Orleans. When my luggage went missing on my way over to New Orleans I was quite upset, but even more when I arrived at the hotel and they told me they were overbooked and one of our party (party of three) had to be relocated to another hotel. I wasn't very happy about this and my first impression of this hotel wasn't really great. The room was very spacious however and clean. The next morning the girl at the front desk was very helpful when I explained to her what happened and she proceeded to inform the hotel manager who went out of her way to help me call the airport to get information about my missing luggage further more she gave me some toiletries which came in very handy. The hotel staff was very helpful the days afterwards and went out of their way to make my stay as comfortable as possible. I would highly recommend the Whitney!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sara28
<Content>Overpriced, would not recommend this hotel I have been staying in the Whitney for 5 nights because I was attending a conference in New Orleans and was not very impressed. For the rate paid ($179/night) I'm sure I could have stayed in far nicer places. The room was comfortable enough, although the decor is a bit too oldfashioned for my taste (they call this European style) and the bed covers were really quite old and should be replaced.My biggest problem with this hotel were the services: virtually non-existing. There is a small restaurant that does not serve breakfast on Sundays (which is not great if you have just woken up with a jetlag..) and only opens for breakfast en lunch on other days. Breakfast was only a la carte (no buffet), limited choice and very average quality. Furthermore: no roomservice, no porter, no wireless internet, no pool, the computer and printer in the lobby were out of order during my whole stay, and very often there wasn't even anybody at the front desk. All in all, I wouldn't stay here again and would not recommend it to anyone, because with the number of hotels in NOLA I'm sure that one could fine a much better deal.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>valle
<Content>What a great staff! The Whitney is in an area where its surrounded by some very nice hotels, so it needs something to stand out. The lobby of the hotel is really beautiful, as is the resturant. The rooms are clean, average sized with larger bathrooms. The 'standout' at this hotel is the employees who went out-of-the way to be friendly/helpful. (Front desk clerks stood in traffic to get a taxi for my group, another front desk clerk gave me directions for a run and then made sure I made it back to the hotel.) The resturant is fantastic...some of the best food I at in NOLA and the friendly/helpful attitude in this hotel extended to the dining area.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasLover
<Content>Service Issues In This Under Achieving Hotel I have to agree with most of the other reviewers and conclude that The Wyndham Whitney is a real letdown at $160.00 per night. Upon check-in, we were really hassled by the desk clerk who fought us for 15 minutes on honoring our government rate reservation saying that my wife's ID was insufficient to prove government employment, despite the fact that her co-workers had checked in and she was paying with a government check.She insisted on charging us a higher rate for the room and was clearly bothered when a supervisor approved the pricing. The girl even told us in front of other guests that she was going to have to run the check (presumably Telecheck) to assure that it was not a fake. We were upset and embarassed. When we finally got up to the room, neither room key worked and we had to go back to the front desk to get that problem fixed. The room was plenty big, but laid out in such a way that the foot of the bed is uncomfortably close to the dresser while the right side of the room is open and barely used. The bathroom was nice and had a coffee maker in it with real mugs and a grooming caddy with lotion, mouthwash, etc. The hair dryer was plenty strong. The bathroom was fairly spacious. Problem areas were that the toilet handle had a tendency to stick and one of our towels was very dirty. The shower had relatively low water pressure.The desk could have been bigger with all the space in the room, but it was adequate. The ergonomic chair was nice. No refrigerator or microwave, but the room did have a luggage stand and an iron and ironing board. The TV actually had a limiter on volume. The max volume was about half of the maximum of a TV at home. The building may have been a bank in older days and has a huge vault door by the front desk. This likely explains why the lower floor is not well designed for hotel purposes. The obvious way for us to get around the $10.00 per day internet charge was to use the free internet service in the lobby. However, the computer was a very big, very old model, the printer was an old $30 Lexmark, and, if memory serves me right, the monitor was an old 15 CRT yellowed from age. The Internet was VERY slow and I don't know if it was the computer or the provider that caused this. It sure seems that a few hundred dollars could modernize this setup and why the Whitney hasn't spent that is a mystery. The bed was comfortable, the location was excellent and was within 6 blocks of the Mississippi River, The French Quarter, Canal Street, the casino, and Bourbon Street. About two blocks over, you could catch the trolley that services The French Quarter and ride for a bargain $1.25.The hotel food was limited and the small restaurant was leased out to an individual who offered Denny's like menus and fare.....at about double the price. It just did not look or smell anything other than average. The good news is that Mother's is about three blocks down which offers a pretty famous Cajun breakfast that you can get for less than $5.00 between 7-9 a.m.One nice hotel feature that we asked for and got was the checking of our luggage at the front desk upon checkout (noon), at no charge, so that we could sightsee without dragging our luggage around. Our flight was in the evening. It was easy to catch a cab from the hotel.Also, to be fair, our service issue was with one employee.....but it was a pretty big problem. Others were courteous. No problem with housekeeping. We won't go back simply because of the way we were treated by a very aggressive front desk clerk. It would be a harder call to scratch this hotel off our list if everything else was above average....but it's not. It may have been difficult to find better rates at other area hotels because we stayed when Mardi Gras was starting to heat up. The Whitney was certainly not a disaster and may be well suited for business travelers who need to be close to the business district. It is a poor choice for families traveling with kids. For the same money or less, my wife and I feel like we can a better hotel with better amenities and a better attitude.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kranky12
<Content>Not very impressed I was only going to stay at the Whitney because there was a seminar there for work. Turns out there's no room at the Whitney for a seminar, they booked a conference room in the (very nice) building across the street. Anyway, the hotel website was unclear about airport transfers and internet costs. So I called and was given a hard sell on a room for $70 more per night than the internet price, saying the hotel was all booked except for rooms at that price. I declined and booked one 5 minutes later online for the lower price. The Whitney speaks with a forked tongue.I had to call the hotel for assistance finding the airport shuttle while searching around the airport. The girl at the Whitney was rude and I found the shuttle myself by walking to the other side of the airport.Internet was an exorbitant $10 per day. The restaurant (for breakfast) is marginal at best, and a little expensive. There was nothing to eat or drink there at night - no restaurant, no vending machine I could find. The room was very unimpressive, small and dark. Staff (person behind the counter - I didn't see anyone else there) was not rude but was unhelpful. The hotel was small and mostly clean. The towels were average quality, not lush. Bed was comfortable. The cordless phone in the room did not work. Overall, I would not stay there again, better hotels are available with complimentary internet and a decent restaurant. The Whitney is quaint, but there's no reason to stay there.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Gapesp
<Content>I would not stay here again I stayed at the Whitney Wyndham for the BCS championship game in January of 08 because of its location -- I expected better for the money. First, we were given a non-smoking room that obviously reeked of smoke. Second, when I called down for room service (there is no room service, apparently), the man at the desk promised he would bring up menus for restaurants that deliver late in the area. I finally got the menus an hour later after 2 more calls to the front desk. Next, housekeeping did not clean our room on the first day. After a day of leisure, I returned to find the room in the same condition that I left it. I called the front desk at 4pm to ask for housekeeping to come clean -- 3 hours later at 7pm, I called again only to be informed that housekeeping had just left for the day and therefore they were not available to clean. Needless to say I was not pleased with this hotel and I probably would not stay here again, especially at the rate that I paid for 3 nights. Although, I suppose this hotel might be fine for a place to sleep at half the price.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>naomiq
<Content>FANTASTIC Customer service! From beginning to end I was throughly impressed with most everything about The Whitney. I got a great rate through [--]. I signed up for Wyndham's ByRequest program, thinking I'd reap the benefits even though I went through Priceline, I didn't get the free welcome package but that didn't disappoint me much. The desk attendants were extremely polite and even held my luggage for me after check-out so that I didn't have to get my car out of valet until we were ready to leave the city. Valet parking is a little expensive, $25 per night, but it's parked in a safe and guarded garage. The $25 is worth the peace of mind.The hotel restaurant won't be fully functioning until June but we received a complimentary, full breakfast that tasted great!The room was very nice, a little small but that is to be expected from a boutique hotel. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very nice and clean. The best part about this room was the curtains! I have never had a room with curtains that blocked out every bit of light, these did! Not even a sliver of light from where the curtains meet. I thought it must be an overcast and dreary day but to my surprise, and my eyes', it was a beautiful sunny day!This hotel is on a very busy street in the Central Business District, so as expected we did hear traffic noise but the location is perfect. It's is walking distance to the D-day museum. It's only 2 blocks away from Mother's Restaurant (famous restaurant, very good food) a few blocks from Canal, Harrah's, Riverwalk....great location without having to stay in the French Quarter.I can't wait to stay at The Whitney again!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soon2bwedLouisiana
<Content>Rude and Snooty employees!! Terrible service!!! I am a local, born and raised in New Orleans and believe it or not the locals probably expect more out of the city than vistors.In New Orleans we are known and proud of our southern hospitalitly thats why I was very unhappy with the Whitney Hotel. We stayed at the Whitney during New Years Eve of 2005. We were exicited about the stay and couldn't wait to arrive but as soon as we walked up to the check in desk we new we had made a mistake.The front desk receptionist was about the same age as my fiance' and I but treated us like little kids!?! They tried to give us a ( cheaper) room that we did not book and giggled and laughed as we walked away!?!Now my fiance' did not have on a suit and I was not wearing a ball gown like everyone else there and maybe thats why they treated us differently, but you should NEVER judge a book by it's cover. We maybe young but are also successful business owners.Anyway, the terrible service did not stop there. Our room was not ready yet and keep in mind that it was 8:00pm so we decided to go have a few drinks at the hotel bar. The bartender passed over our drink order 3 times to help other people in the room. There may have been a total of 12 people at the bar so finally my fiance' told him that if he brought us our drinks he would give him a $20. It only took the bartender a minute before he returned with our drinks.We we so upset with the service that we had one drink and went to our room. The room looked nice and comfortable. The bed was soo comfortable and was the highlight of our stay. We also had a pretty view of the city.Overall, the room was nice but because of the service we will never stay stay at the Whitney Hotel again!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>WirelessTraveler
<Content>Not good, don't stay here unless you have to. Being a Wyndham, you would think that this would be a quality hotel. I was very surprised at the lack of service, security and quality in this hotel. To start, I was checked in a sent to a room that turned out to be occupied. When I finally checked into my room, it is so poorly laid out that I was barely able to store my hang up clothes or use the desk. I've stayed in small hotel rooms that were so well designed that you didn't mind. This hotel room is crammed and smothering. In the morning I went downstairs for the free breakfast at 7:00 am (starts at 6:30) and waited for 45 minutes while the cook arrived and fired up the kitchen. The food was good and she was very nice, just 45 minutes late and over an hour after it should have been ready.The second day, my room wasn't cleaned. When I called the front desk she said she would log the complaint but was unable to do anything as no one was there to clean the room and she couldn't leave the front desk. Which brings me to security. The night guy arrives at 7:00 ish and is the only security. Anyone could walk off the street and go up the elevator and no one would know. For the price, stay somewhere else and get your money's worth.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>MaryAD
<Content>nice room, pleasant stay Our stay at the Whitney was very pleasant. The room was smallish but sufficientand quite clean. The bathroom was very nice. The staff was courteous and helpful. The only parking is valet. The hotel is about a 20-minute walk from Jackson Square.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>hackjenn
<Content>I loved it will stay again For our first visit back to the cresent city post Katrina it was a wonderful welcome back. Although it was a little more distant from bourbon street than we like, but still within walking distance, (about a 10 min walk or a 6 dollar cab ride). IT WAS WONDERFUL. it was very tastfully decorated. very quiet. we got a great rate through wyndham and was a bit sceptical at first because of the insanly low rate, but was more than thrilled with the results. Very courtious staff, valet was very effcient and timely even though you do have to pay $25 a day for parking and there is no other option but to have valet. I am always a bit preturbed by that with any hotel, i just think that if you are paying to stay at a hotel you should be able to park your car there for free, (i dunno may just be me) but the staff was wonderful. I would stay there again and probably for all of my future visits to NOLA I will stay at the Whitney.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>GoingEverywhere
<Content>Nice Hotel, Few Employees       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>kwiat1
<Content>Great Hotel ! Convienent Quiet Location       1 yr old baby gator  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad! We got a terrific deal on this hotel because a reservation agent misquoted us. We stayed there for four nights for Jazz Fest 2006 in a king suite. Keep in mind, we got a discounted rate. So, for what we paid ($885 for four nights), we couldn't complain. It's a smaller property in an old bank. Very nice lobby and unique...clean lobby and nice sitting area. The restaurant was not open until evening due to staffing shortages and room service was not available, which was not a concern for me. Late night, the front desk can provide you w/a menu for 24 hour delivery if you want. It's about a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter. Be sure to cab it back at night, or walk back in a group. The front desk guy was friendly and the valet was prompt when we retrieved our car upon check-out. The Director of Sales was very friendly also. The room could have used a bit of freshening up. the carpets were a bit worn as well as the couch. The light in the bathroom was a little dim. The bedroom was nice sized and the bed was very comfortable. For what we paid, it was a steal. If we had paid full price, I might have expected fresh paint and cleaner carpets. However, it is New Orleans and it's a gritty city anyway. I would stay here again if I wanted to stay in the CBD. There are a lot of negative reviews and I was apprehensive about staying here, but it really wasn't as bad as some of the reviews. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Whitney Wyndham.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish we could have stayed some where else! My husband and I stayed at this hotel ..his buisness placed him there so we had no choice in the matter.He was suppose to be at his trainging claa a certain time in the mornings and Valet ran him an hour behind. I mean come on.... there was no one there getting their car but him a whole hour of waiting and this was 2 days in a row.He spoke with his instructor when he finally made his destination they told him that the other students have always ran late due to that problem.The buisness my husband works for has always used them and have now chose to change it soon and spoke with the manager of the hotel and told them if they can not get their act together they will never use them again.So I take it that this is a problem that occurs all the time. When we arrived at the hotel the first night at midnight the little guy took our information...but did not offer help at all for our bags and no one showed us where the elevators were.The boy watched us walk back and forth and never once offered any help and no one else was to be found.They did not inform us of breakfast downstairs.. so we missed that also.Although most of the staff was worthless Housekeeping was wonderful...if I needed soemthing they helped me out the best way they could and held the elevator for me when I had 4 bacgs on my arm.Our room was clean...We have to stay there for two more weeks not looking forward to it at all...but I will let you know how that goes too!This is their last chance to have my husbands company's buisness their.. they will stop giving them money if they do not get it worked out. If I had the choice in the matter... it needs to be shut down and have a better management team in there to get everyoneoff their butts and back to work! If you spend your money there you should recieve the proper service you deserve!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>smullins
<Content>Big Disappointment. I'm not sure how the hotel is now -- after all of the devistation. However, we were there in July of 2005, before Katrina and were VERY disappointed. We paid a low price on priceline, but it was still not worth it. If I had it to do over I would pay a higher price for the International House. The location was nice. We could walk to the French Quarter easily. We were also close to the casino which was nice.We were informed that they had an Asian Fusion restaurant, but when we got there the guy at the front desk said it had been closed since before he started working there. That would have been nice to know! The bank vault seems cool on the website but lackluster in person. When we got to our room and looked at the bed I knew this is not where I wanted to be. We pulled back the old bedspread (with cigarette burns in a non-smoking room) and saw hairs -- ugh! I took it off and asked the front desk for a clean replacement as we left for the evening. It never came. In fact, we had the same burned, dirty bedspread the entire trip after several times asking to have it removed.My husband's toiletry bag was left behind. I called the hotel 3 times to have it mailed to us and offered to pay to have it done. It was a bad with his initials that he'd received as a gift. We never got it. When the hurricane hit I knew we never would.Long story short -- skip the Whitney. I'm surprised Wyndham allows their name to be on it.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay for the price and circumstances I traveled to New Orleans to see my husband as he was assisting in the relief efforts. The Whitney is very historic and nice from the outside. Parking and unloading was difficult. The staff was friendly, and upgraded my room, only b/c of an oversight on their part of over booking the rooms which was understandable. The room was not as clean as I had hoped due to being understaffed. The restrauant was decent considering. The walk to the French Quarter was a little far, and seemed unsafe when it got dark, would not sugeest walking alone. Overall the hotel was ok, but would prefer to stay in the French Quarter next time.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>blondie557
<Content>Spend your $ on another hotel We were not happy with our stay at the Whitney. We had called the reservation line to double check to be sure we had 3 smoking rooms and one non smoking room. Everything was set up and confirmed she said. All but one were to have king size beds. When we got there we had all non smoking rooms and not a king size bed in three of the rooms. The rooms were nice, but smaller than I expected. There is limited parking on the side of the hotel to unload and the desk personnel almost got threatening for us to move our cars. (there are a few parking spots in front the hotel). It did not state on their site that the parking area was 4 blocks away. $18.00 per night to park the car and a shuttle took you to the lot. When asked if the shuttle ran all hours I was told yes, but don't go in there at 2am after being in the French Quarter because there was no one on duty to call to shuttle us back from the parking lot. For over $700 for rooms for one night I expected a lot better service.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>avoid the Whitney From the moment we checked in, nothing went right. We were two families traveling together, and the hotel first gave both of us the wrong room--the one who was supposed to get a suite got a room, and the other family got a room that was already occupied by someone else, walking in on a couple who were on their way to or from bed. Parking is mighty incovenient and time consuming, and the rooms are shabby and none too clean. None of this would have been enough incentive for me to write about this hotel, since we are all cutting businesses in New Orleans a lot of slack these days, as they are all understaffed. But you don't have to have plenty of staff to treat your guests well and at least seem to care that you have messed everything up. The icing on the cake was when the hotel slapped on a $75 charge for checking out early and refused to remove it because we hadn't noticed that we initialled the wrong date on the check in form. I'm not in the habit of checking my calendar when checking into a hotel, certainly not when we are having a conversation with the desk clerk about the day we will probably leave---and that is the day we do in fact leave. The main point is that you will often encounter mistakes in hotels and elsewhere, and what matters is how hotel employees deal with the mistakes they have made and whether they are willing to assume responsibility or attempt to foist it all onto the guest, implicitly accusing the guest of dishonesty. I'd say the Whitney's response to us is a textbook example of how not to act.Go to New Orleans, please. But stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hondotank
<Content>Quaint and historic This is a nice hotel, especially at the price I paid through Priceline ($65) However it shouldn't be grouped equally with the Pavillon Hotel as a Boutique hotel - the latter clearly a 4 star - the Whitney a 3 star. However it did have a decent size room which is rare in the older hotels in New Orleans. The furniture, linens, granite bath countertops, soothing earth colors were all a plus. The only thing I missed was a nice entry/welcome area - most of the that was taken up by the restaurant which we did not get to try. We did not use their parking service. The hotel is about 5 blocks from Canal/Royal. It was quiet and the A/C was great. Outside temps in the 90's. They allowed a 2pm checkout. It presents itself very well from the street but for some crazy reason they built a generic highrise just a few feet off the back wall. I would stay here again but much rather would stay in the quarter itself.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel for the price I recently stayed at the Whitney for a weekend getaway and although there were a few minor glitches in the beginning, such as a room mix-up, no clock/radio and no welcome basket- (I am a Wyndham by-request member), my stay was pretty good. The majority of the staff was nice but I think they could use some fine tuning on customer service for some staff members. My room was clean and comfortable. I was surprised by how large the room was considering the building was once a bank. I would definitely stay there again and I highly recommend it- especially if you can find a good rate under $150/night. It's within walking distance to the Quarter which was nice because you don't get all the noise.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of the parking attendant.  Stayed there last September 2004, I had my car parked with the hotel, well before we arrived we had stopped to fill up the car. Next morning when I received my car 1/2 tank of gas was missing. We notify the hotel and they said that they would notify the parking management. Well I stayed there again this time I made a note of my mileage when I arrived, next morning they had put 36 miles on my car that night. Next morning they had put an additional 12.5 miles on my car the second night. We then asked where do they park the cars, the parking is a block away. We asked the girl at the desk to speak to the manager, and was given a comment card to give to her. The girl at the desk told us that the parking was contracted out. Just want people to be aware that at the bottom of the parking ticket they give The Wyndham Hotel is only held liable for $500.00, so guess what when you are paying $22.40 a day to park your car, the guy parking your car is using it and you are liable for any bodily injuy or accident which occurs while he is joy riding your car.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Customer Service - with One Clear Exception I just returned from a 3-day getaway with 7 girlfriends to New Orleans where we stayed at the Wyndham Whitney. It was located within walking distance (roughly 3/4 mile) of the French Quarter, most major area shopping, and near a trolley line. We walked everywhere we went from the hotel, and felt safe traveling to/from the hotel at night with a group.The Whitney's front desk staff, doormen, bar staff, and reservationists were exceptionally polite, and went out of their way to help us. The restaurant staff were not nearly so helpful, providing somewhat slow service and in one instance an exceptionally rude waiter. (The restaurant food was overall good, once delivered.)The building itself was a beautiful historic old bank building, and the hotel utilizes the old bank vault as a private dining room for up to 6 guests for dinner. Part of the old lobby has been converted to a moderately sized dining room with a very small bar area (capacity of less than 20). Our only complaint on service was the one rude staff member that served us in the dining room. He made it clear that, although the bar area was over capacity, we were unwelcome in HIS dining room to have a brief cocktail prior to our evening out on the town. Our group was quiet and well mannered, yet he repeatedly approached us to tell us how important the table we occupied was, even though the restaurant was less than 25% filled and was never at capacity the entire 3 days we were in the hotel.The hotel rooms were clean and in good repair; our only complaint here was that the bedspreads were somewhat threadbare and had permanent stains. The hotel is surrounded on three sides by a large office building, so rooms on the back side of the property (2 - 3 per floor) have windows that face a wall (roughly 3 feet away), allowing almost no light into the room. These windows are frosted, however, so although no one can see in, you can't see out either.The hotel staff was very helpful in recommending local activities and shopping, and even pitched in to help us celebrate one of our members' 50th birthday. We would definitely stay at the Wyndham again, though would likely not utilize the restaurant on future visits.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traipse_About
<Content>Grand Hotel Excellent Location We stayed during the weekend of the New Year. This hotel is Beautiful, for those that appreciate historic buildings. The hotel is actually an old bank! We had great service, the hotel was very clean- it did not show the age of the property. The bed was very confortable!!! Roth's Steak Knife was a very good restaurant, I had a fabulous porterhouse steak- done perfectly. The location is perfect!!! Well within walking distance to the the French quarter, Bourbon street and the Riverfront, and most certainly far enough away from the party scene. What I have found with the Wyngham hotels is that once booked you really neeed to watch for specials and then call to change your reservation. We had three different prices $149.00, $79.00, and finally $69.00 per night- 3rd night free!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MustangMonica
<Content>Christmas Vacation We managed to score a great deal using Priceline. $50/night plus tax. The hotel is nice and was formerly a Bank. With that said, the hotel was everything we expected and more. The staff was friendly and the rooms were well appointed. We were a short 5-10 min walk from most attractions. And as most people will tell you, at night when you want to get a good nights rest, being away from French quarter/Bourbon Street is truly a blessing.There is a bar/restaurant which always looked deserted so we didn't even bother to venture in.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big disappointment I am a New Orelans resident who stayed in this hotel because repairs were being done to my house. The building is attractive on the outside and the ground floor but the hotel rooms are a huge disappointment. The toilet in my room did not work the night that I arrived and was not repaired until 7:45 pm the following evening. I had asked at 6:00 am that it be repaired before I returned, called during the day to verify that it was being repaired, checked with the front desk when I returned at 7:00 pm and upon arriving in my room found that it had not been repaired (over 12 hours after the first request was made). An engineer arrived about 20 minutes after I called again - and he took half an hour to fix it because it needed a new handle. I was paying $135 a night and think this is inexcusable. Because there are armoires and no closets in the rooms, they appear even smaller than they are - and (perhaps because this was formerly a bank building) the placement of the windows in the room I had was not good, making the room very dark and dreary.The restaurant is a disaster. I had to wait 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged that I was there - although there is a stand for a maitre d or host, one never appeared - and then it was a waiter who was off duty. The food was good although the service was slow but the experience was awful. The second night I was in the hotel I did not eat dinner there but at 7:15 pm when I arrived there was not one patron in the restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So Hotel We stayed at this hotel Jan 21-24th for $110/night. Not a bad price for a New Orleans hotel. The staff was very pleasant and the bell hop helpful in arranging tours. I am a ByRequest Member and had a complimentary drink and snack in the room. They were not ready for check in but held our bags. It was about a 4-5 block walk to the nightlife of Bourbon street and Royale street and Harrahs casino. The major disapointment was with the quality of the room itself. They were clean but very run down. The need a fresh coat of paint, new carpet and bed spreads. This was surprising for a Wyndham. With so many choices of hotels in the area I would look for another hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Charles2529
<Content>Good value, but ugly I purchased this hotel through Priceline.This hotel is a good value at $45, but I found it to be sterile and cold. The Whitney, a bank converted into a hotel, is hardly what I鈥檇 call aboutique, at least what I would imagine a boutique to be, warm and intimate. The first floor, where the bank once operated (and still does in a small separate section), is where you鈥檒l find the front desk, a small reception room and dining room with a table in the old bank vault. My first impression upon entering the Whitney lobby where the walls, floors and pillars are constructed of marble was chilly. Check in was smooth and professional, with alll of my requests being fulfilled; king bed, non-smoking and a room with a view (some reviews have reported rooms with a view of a wall).Nothing outstanding about the room other than the toilet not flushing properly, and that was immediately repaired by the hotel 鈥渆ngineer鈥? The room included; amour with a television and closet, high speed internet connection, desk and chair, armchair and ottoman, nightstand,alarm clock with cd player, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, lighted magnified vanity mirror, coffee maker and toiletries. The television offered local and national programs including CNN, a pay per view type movie channel, TV internet and a local tourist information channel.The furniture and room had a 鈥渦sed鈥?look to it, like a desk that had scratches, armchair and bedspread with tattered fabric and walls with ill fitting fixtures. Although, in all fairness, it was very comfortable, especially the bed and pillows.The dining room, Roth鈥檚 Steak Knife (formally the 56 Degrees), is exposed to the lobby, so you can see it in its entirety as you enter and exit the hotel lobby. The d茅cor, teller cages and huge steel vault doors, just doesn鈥檛 lend itself to being cozy and inviting like the majority of restaurants in New Orleans are. I didn鈥檛 dine in the restaurant as didanyone else that I personally witnessed, it sat eerily empty. It recently has reopened under new management/ownership and will have a grand opening in September according to the small advertisement near its menu marquee.Parking is $22.40 per day. Valet only I believe, but not sure since I didn鈥檛 need or use it.High speed internet is $9.95 per day and free for Wyndham ByRequest Members.All said, I feel that this hotel is a good value and in a good location. I鈥檝e been treated very well during my stay. I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this property for any kind of romantic stay because of its sterile feel. Nor would I recommend it for families since it doesn鈥檛 have a pool or a kid friendly restaurant.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dwoods1073
<Content>Average Hotel The Whitney looks like a great hotel on the surface. The location is great and the common areas are clean and modern looking. However, the rooms are run-down. The rug was dirty, the bedspread looked threadbare and the rooms looked like they could use a good steam-cleaning. The rate was good but I expect more from a Wyndham property. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charm1225
<Content>So so stay. We stayed here for Jazz Fest 2004. The hotel lobby and comon afreas are nice and the bank vault etc. is pretty cool. However, our rooms were not as nice. The carpet was stained, the bedspread was old and dirty and housekeeping was very poor. For instance, we used a blanket on our bed (instead of the bedspread). when housekeeping would make up our room the blanket would be thrown aside (not folded) and we even found pillows on the floor. Also, the walls were all dirty - definitely does not look like a newer hotel! I thnk they actually got the room furnishings from older Wyndham hotels. All in all, it was an okay stay at a good rate but I would not stay again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Poydras location value   showReview(1784618, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Great   showReview(1758133, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definitely come back!   showReview(1721223, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigguyinpasadena
<Content>Very charming small hotel   showReview(1626499, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BSH54
<Content>Great stay   showReview(1541703, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Whitney!!!   showReview(1399876, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Stay   showReview(1278250, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1236632, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>free101girl
<Content>Great Value and Location   showReview(830367, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best accomodations I've had in a while   showReview(592584, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

