<Author>LKHS08
<Content>Great time in Berlin While visiting my husand's family in Sweden, my husband and I booked a two-night, romantic get-away to Berlin. This was our first time in Berlin, and we had a great time. The hotel was fantastic. I booked the hotel for $75 USD/night on priceline, and it was worth every penny. The room was very nice and the level of service was wonderful. I could not have asked for a better location. My husband and I explored Berlin over our vacation, and especially enjoyed visiting the Christmas fair next door. What a great time! The only problem we had with the hotel was that I had a hard time signing into the wireless connection on my laptop... although, that could have been operator error! I would recommend this hotel for anyone... great price, great location. As a seasoned international traveler, I would say you really couldn't choose a better place!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Chrssher
<Content>Great location; family friendly! The hotel is conveniently located; easy walking to the S Bahn staion, Sony Center, Brandenburg gate and Reichstag. It is also a quick cab ride from the Hauptbahnhof. We traveled to Berlin by train, and the hotel was easy to find and very convenient and easy to get to. There are loads of restaurants in the area, to fit any budget. For sightseeing, you are in the middle of everything. Easy access to the sightseeing buses at Potsdamer Platz; walking distance to some of the bigger sights. The room was very large by European standards; two queen-sized beds and a large bathroom. Great standards; hotel and room were spotless and with great amenities. The hotel was quiet; room service great quality and quick service; the workout facilities and pool were very nice and spotless. Terrific service from the concierge; good recommendations for travel! They were a terrific help in getting to the Tropical Islands attraction - directions were spot-on, as was the timing they suggested! They were also very nice to call for me when my son left his bathing suit there. Nice place; good amenities and dynamite service! Would strongly recommend; you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Simon073
<Content>An excellent experience My wife and I stayed here for two nights. The hotel exceeded our expectations. We found the service and location to be excellent. The room was a good size and comfortable. The only meal we ate in the hotel was breakfast which was fine but not exceptional. We would certainly be happy to use the Marriott again on a future visit to Berlin.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Jessica_Sz
<Content>Good, American hotel Booked this on priceline for $90USD. Significantly lower than even 3 star hotels in central Berlin.The hotel itself is lovely and service is good. With that said, it's like a little slice of America right in the middle of Berlin complete with ice machines. How novel.Our first room was slightly strange, however, with hardwood floors and no area rug. I say our first room because on our first morning we were awoken by what sounded like someone drilling in our room. When we called At Your Service, their customer service line, we were told they were doing construction. 20 minutes later and 2 calls back, I was told that they were changing our rooms. We were upgraded to an executive level floor which was different only in the sense that it had carpeting and it was quiet. Don't pay extra for them.Location: Right across the street from the Ritz Carlton and within walking distance of the Brandenburg Gate. Because we went during Christmas time, there was a lovely Christmas market outside our doors and a late afternoon Gluhwein was much appreciated when we got off the U-bahn after a long day out and about. With this said, Potsdamer Platz is not all that great. If we were to do this again, I wouldn't think twice about booking the Sofitel, Westin or Hilton because of their location in Gendarmmarkt.Overall review. Good quality hotel, but not worth the 200euro listed as its average price. Take that money and spend it on the Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarahphan
<Content>Good value for your money... Just arrived home from a one week stay at the Berlin Marriott. As other reviewers have stated, it's centrally located with the U  S bahn only a slight walk away. Upon checkin, they offered the upgrade(70 Euro) to the executive club right away, but since we arrived at 11 pm, we opted to wait until morning to think about it. There were 3 of us staying and we did not have any problems getting 2 double beds in our room. Myself, my DH and his mom were taken to our room and we promptly fell asleep. The beds are comfortable and the bathroom spacious. I booked this hotel via priceline for a very good rate of $100/night (that's us dollars!) Postdamerplatz is a little over rated, imo. We only stayed there b/c I wanted a 5 star hotel (although I consider the Marriott a 4 star hotel.) I also wanted to stay in an american hotel b/c I knew my MIL would stay with us sporadically throughout our stay in Berlin and wanted to option of getting 2 double beds instead of renting an entirely different room for her. The other days, she would stay with her Berliner relatives.The only sights that the Marriott is within walking distance is the Reichstag and Brandenburg gate as well as sony center. Every other sight, we took the U bahn to get to. After a good nights rest, Dh and I went to the lobby to inquire about the executive club upgrade. Turns out WiFi in your room would be 20 euros by itself, but with the upgrade, it was free. Thereby making the cost of 70E to really 50E as we really need the WiFi and would've ordered it regardless of the upgrade to EC. After discussing it, we were offered the upgrade for 60E/night and accepted it. Essentially, we were paying 40E for the 3 of us for unlimited breakfast, drinks and evening goodies. And for our situation, since my MIL isn't very mobile, I knew she would not go sightseeing with us and wanted the option of the clubroom for her to go to for snacks or drinks while we were out.Unfortunately, my MIL didn't stay with us for as many days as I thought she would. So in the end, I felt a little cheated b/c I didn't feel like 40 E was worth it for just Dh and myself. Since we are both young and mobile everyday she wasn't with us, we were roaming the streets and didn't get to use the clubroom much. Every evening around 5 pm, the clubroom had 2 hot appetizers as well as a few cold ones. There was also salad, cheese, breads and unlimited drinks of beer, wine, sodas or coffees and teas. There was one day where our relatives came to pick up my MIL and we had them wait for us in the clubroom to enjoy some coffee or tea w/o any problems. So that's an added perk which we enjoyed. Hopefully our situation will help you determine if you'd upgrade to the clubroom for your stay. The Marriott is a nice, clean, centrally located hotel with good amenities. I would stay here again if I got it on Priceline, but I doubt I would pay the rackrate for it. Actually, I know I would not. But I feel like I received good value for my money.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>hoteluserNottingham
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Excellent hotel, in a really good location. Potsdammer Platz is slightly over-rated as an area, but it has train links to all over Berlin, so can't be beaten. It's a lovely pleasant walk from the hotel to the Brandenburg Gate and Jewish memorial. The staff at the hotel were so friendly and welcoming. The lobby is breathtaking. Our room was fantastic - the beds were the comfiest we have ever slept in, and every amenity was available. Breakfast had every food imaginable, and we had our evening meal one night in the hotel restaurant, and it was one of the best meals we have ever had. I would thoroughly recommend it.The Marriott made our weekend break so special - you really would not go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dd220786
<Content>terrific location, great hotel, great service We stayed at the Marriott for 2 nights in August and it was our 2nd time around in this hotel and again we enjoyed it very much.Staff is helpfull, friendly and they make you feel most welcome.The location is very convenient., close to Brandenburger Tor and Reichstag.Rooms are clean and meet Marriott standards  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mand100
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       hotel lobby from 8th floor  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cruisr
<Content>The Marriott is GREAT I had decided on the Berlin Marriott over the Courtyard due to the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. I made the correct choice. The hotel is beautiful, rooms extremely large and well appointed. What I really liked is that the windows in the room could be opened to get fresh air. The location can not be beat for walking to all the tourist sites and for great restaurants. It is right at Potsdamer Platz and their are buses and subways practically at the door. Also, even though in the middle of the city the hotel is really quiet. When I go back to Berlin I will return to the Berlin Marriott.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JB88fml
<Content>21st Century Berlin       Atrium  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shellybayarea
<Content>Marriott Hotel We just returned from a wonderful trip to Berlin. The Marriott was a great find for us. The hotel it self was clean and in a great location not far The Brandenburger Gate. It was close to public transportation. Also, we found the area to have a nice night life. We walked and found a lot. The breakfast was so worth it. It lasted us til dinner. The hotel staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I would recommend this hotel highly for service and as well as location for a tourist.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GermanMum
<Content>First-class hotel  My family (two adults  two kids 7  10) stayed at the Marriott on the executive floor for three nights. We booked our stay through a German travel agency, using a special 3=2 offer from Dertours.The hotel is in a prime location, just a short walk from the Holocaust memorial, Brandenburger Gate and Reichstag. The Sony Center, with an IMAX theater and restaurants, is across the street, and all the sightseeing buses stop at Potsdamer Platz.We had room 1018, right across from the elevators, but it was quiet. We had a view of the Sony Center from our room, and from the lounge we could see across Berlin to Alexander Platz.The room itself was large enough for the four of us, with two double beds, a small table, desk and TV-cabinet/dresser combo. There was also a small closet, with a minibar, safe, and iron  ironing board. Two bathrobes with houseshoes were also available. The bathroom was a bit on the small size, but for three nights was fine for us. The executive lounge was what really made the stay at the Marriott worthwhile for us. It opened at 6am, and we were able to have a cup of coffee before the kids got up. We would grab something to drink during a quick stop between sightseeing tours, and the snacks available from 5:30, including beer, wine and spirits as well as soft drinks, almost made going out for dinner unnecessary.Breakfast for four was included in our room price, and on two days we ate in the ballroom, and the last day in the restaurant. The ballroom was spacious but the restaurant was crowded at 8am, so if you eat there, go early. The Marriott cost more than we normally would have paid for a hotel, but can't be beat on value. I can recommend the executive level for any families with children visiting Berlin. You may pay more per night, but the free food and drinks will save you money in the end. Any military personnel can also contact the base travel agent to receive the same deal we did,  anyone overseas who can read German should go to one of the travel companies online.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jaakvik
<Content>Excellent hotel! The Marriott in Berlin is just what yoy excpect from a Marriott - great service, clean, well equipped and big rooms! It may not be the most charming or uniqe experience, but you now what you get, and it's good! :-)I stayed at the Marriott in Berlin togheter with my father the last weekend in april, and we had e brilliant time. The hotel has a very good location, within walking distance of the Brandenburger Tor and the 芦stadt mitte禄.Just across the street is the Sony Center, which contains restaurants and entertainment! Joey  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>toffo1
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location       comfy beds!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>divingtesky
<Content>Great Hotel , Centrally Located, Textbook Quality, Very Marriott. I stay in this hotel regularly on business, as do most of the guests. For business it is perfect and the service is 5*. The rooms are all very good quality and everything is done in a very branded way so you know what to expect of other Marriott hotels. The location is superb on Potsdamer Platz, minutes from the Brandenburg Gates/Reichstag. The hotel and service is pretty much faultless so its a very safe bet. I would recommend this hotel to all ages. My only negative is that sometimes the check in/out queues are too long and I do feel a bit of a number to the staff. Whereas some other hotels may offer more personal service and remeber regular visitors I have not found this the case here. Otherwise its excellent.Tip:Ask for an inside courtyard room if you want a super quiet room. Otherwise opt for an externally facing room if you want the view.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Ezis
<Content>Nice windows, nasty surprises We got what we expected - nice room and bed, good neighborhood with convenient transport connections.Room had nice french balcony with view to green courtyard. That was extra!Unfortunately here was misunderstanding with breakfast. When we checked in I asked receptionist if our room rate includes it. We got very explicit answer that we have breakfast for weekend but not for Monday. How surprised we were when leaving hotel we had to pay 28 euro ppd and for quite mediocre selection. So ask twice!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>muttlover
<Content>Cold!!! My wife, son and I stayed at the Berlin Marriott in Potsdamer Platz for a week at the end of March 2008, booking with Marriott Rewards points. Let me start by stating - COLD. Berlin is freezing then, most days 32-36 F highest temp, and snow flurries the first three days. We are SoCal people, so it was a bit unpleasant. Despite the COLD, the location of the Berlin Marriott makes your stay - within walking distance of all the important tourist sites in the Mitte district, and has both U-Bahn and S-Bahn access nearly at your doorstep to take you anywhere and everywhere in Berlin. Berlin by far and away has the BEST public transportation system I have seen, easy to use even if you don't speak German, and it goes everywhere by over or underground train, bus or street trams ( mostly in the older East Berlin areas )! Berlin is historic, with a a history that needs to be relearned and yet their growth out of WWII is also epic. There is so much to see and do, the museums and tourist sites are everywhere and top notch. There is a strong effort for Germans to relearn their epochal crimes and re-connect with the Jewish culture that was so integral to their history, and this is apparent in most of the city and tourist/historical sites. There was not attempt to whitewash or hide their past, though their approach sometimes seems too clinical, lacking the depth of emotion that the enormity of the crimes deserved. Nonetheless, it was a warm experience, with so much to see and do that despite the COLD we were constantly on the go. And do not forget the warm apple strudel, coffee mit schlag ( with whipped nonsugary cream ) that caps every afternoon's journey around 4 o'clock. So Berlin is a great experience, and I would recommend to everyone a visit. But as for the hotel, let me start by noting I am a big fan of Marriott in general, but was not as pleased with their Berlin offering. The hotel is modern, American style, in the best location 1 block from the U-Bahn subway for Potsdamer Platz, connecting with most of Berlin. This location was in the  dead zone  of the Berlin Wall years ago, and a memorial remnant of the wall is there. The hotel had an unusual odor in the lobby which likely was related to cleaning solvents or deodorant, but was sickenly sweet. A large atrium allowed the odor to waft up to the upper floors where we were. Breakfast was not included, so we did not eat at the restaurant except for one dinner which was average, moderately but not exquisitely pricey, even considering the euro at $ 1.56. There are plenty of coffee shops to get a coffee and pastry/croissant in the morning. The bedding was NOT the usual new bedding seen at other Marriotts, rather a pillowtop mattress cover over a standard, fairly lumpy mattress. Way to soft and led to Back Pain City. Complaints to the front desk to change the mattresses brought housekeeping who removed the pillowtop mattress cover only. Not sufficient. Room was average size, good view of construction in Berlin, modern good bathroom. No flat screen TV was unusual for this age in a good 4-5 star hotel.Internet access of 20 euro per day was outrageous - thank god there was a Dunkin' Donuts 3 minutes away with Internet cafe access at 1 euro ( not to mention the donuts ). We left after 6 nights having had a wonderful though freezing trip, and with aching backs from the beds. Would I go back to the Marriott again? Likely, because of location,location,location.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>28Steve
<Content>Soulless and expensive The Marriott is fine as it goes but essentially it is a soulless concrete box (albeit a luxury concrete box). Nothing to grumble about and many business travellers will find it fine.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Allengn
<Content>Excellent hotel The previous reviews on hear say it all - a luxury comfotable hotel with all the facilites you need in a superb location.Things that impressed me were:- efficient front desk, both check-in and check-out.- large, very comfortable bed with numerous supportive pillows.- wide range of TV channels (although only 4 in english, this is far more than most German hotels where you get one, if you are lucky!)- superb location, close to the railway and a number of Berlin's tourist activities.- excellent views (but I was on the 10th floor!)- very quiet.Nothing more to say, other than highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DesiIsrael
<Content>great bed! When you arrive,we stayed between the 23/05/08 -25/05/08, you straight away notice that you are in a luxury hotel. I liked that the bell boy was a young German woman. Check in was a bit confusing as we didn't seem to be speaking the same English. We had booked a regular room b/b. When we checked in we asked for a nice room with a view, so she offered us a superior room or an executive room with free internet for 70 euros and breakfast in the executive lounge, as we here staying 2 nights we thought this was a good idea ,so we took this room. Only when I was signing did I realized that it was 70 euros per night. So my husband said no thank you. Then after a few minutes of us thinking we understood the reception lady we agreed to pay 100 euros extra for 2 nights. Only to have our key taken away and told that we would have to wait a few hours for our regular room! So we explained again that we did want the executive room. As a club member I was told that the card number was not written on the room reservation even though I had called the week before to check and I didn't like that the reception lady didn't try and help to find my number, luckily I found my card later. I must say she was polite all the time and I didn't like the feeling of that she must have thought that we did this deliberately to get a better price .Now for the good stuff, the room was great! On the 9th floor, room 976. The bath room was the size of most hotel rooms!! It came with a separate shower. The view was of eastern Germany ahead. Potsdam square to the right and Brandenburg gate to the left. Nice big TV and a big cupboard but the best was the bed!!!! King size with the Marriott special bedding, we just came from the Marriott Leipzig, so we knew how good the bed was but no one told me how much we would miss it when we got home!! I think we will have to buy one! The room has a floor to ceiling windows of which one can be opened. Which was very nice and made us realize how sound proof the room was, we could not hear a thing even though it's on a busy road. We did not use the pool and gym as we didn't have time but everything looked to Marriott standard. The executive lounge was clean, mostly quite and with nice nibbles in the evening as well as free alcohol at this time. I did notice that there were free soft drinks, beer, tea and coffee during the day. There is also a room with 3 computers for the internet and a room with a big LCD TV. I even found a quick read romance novel there! ( which I read and left there).First morning we had breakfast downstairs in the main breakfast room because we thought that we wanted more salad and fried eggs but the mess and the queue was not worth it ,so the next day we had breakfast in the executive club and felt it was much better.While staying at this hotel we didn't take any transport, we just walked around the area. There is so much to do in the area and even if you have shopping you can just pop back to the room, which is also a problem if you rest for a minute on that great bed!! You can easily take a quick nap. On the corner of Potsdam platz next to the Ritz Carlton is a good, cheapish Italian kind of fast food restaurant where get a credit card then go stand in line and order your meal e.g. ravioli with mushrooms or pizza that they make in front of your and then swipe the card, you can sit outside on the square or inside and pay at the end. Good food. Diffidently enjoyed this hotel and will go back.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jtolson32
<Content>One week of great service in Berlin My wife and I spent a week at this hotel in Berlin while touring the sites. The hotel is located in a great area right next to the Sony Center and many public transportation options. It is also right across the street from the large Tier Garden park and a few blocks away from the Brandenburg Gate.The rooms are what you would expect from a very nice high end Marriott with a very nice bed, large bathroom, and a decent amount of space. We got a chance to eat free breakfast with friends on the executive floor a few times which was also very nice. Otherwise we always went elsewhere for breakfast because the hotel breakfast was quite pricey.The staff was excellent and cab service was always available right outside the front door. Being able to stay in a great location in a nice hotel like this made our vacation in Berlin one to remember.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Marfak
<Content>Clean and Convenient in the Heart of Berlin The Berlin Marriott is located on Pottsdamer Platz, a short walk from the Reichstag and Brandenberg Gate, Checkpoint Charlie, Sony Center, the Memorial to the Murdered Jews, the Tiergarten, and the S and U lines. The Wall would have run through the eastern portion of the hotel.The hotel is a typical Marriott: clean, neat, efficiently run, with a great bed and lots of pillows. The staff was very nice and the service was crisp. There were a few little annoyances, though: the Concierge was a little dodgy on his directions, housekeeping kept taking our robes and we had to call to have them replaced, and there is no coffee or tea maker in the room (although a Starbucks is across the street.) Internet access is outrageously expensive. Having said this, the hotel is incredibly convenient and the rooms were very nice. It is much cheaper than the neighboring Ritz Carlton. We would stay there again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Hebbes
<Content>Good value for money We stayed in the Marriott four nights. Berlin was just fantastic. The hotel offers good value for money, at least we must have had a very good deal. The room was big, just what you would expect from the Marriott. No complaints there. Watch out for that minibar! Just looking at an item makes it appear on your bill, so it seems. On the other hand, the desk clerk was very understanding when we said that we only might have moved an item a bit. Probably happens all the time.The rest of the hotel is okay, but no more than that. A small swimming pool. The breakfast area is not suited for a rush, so go there early or after 9.30.Staff are very well trained. Friendly but distant.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>MischaLoughnane
<Content>A corner of serentity        High Floors  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Persian_girl
<Content>One of the nicest stays in a hotel The hotel was in the list of hotels for the conference which I was attending and it was picked by our company due to its services and amenities which it offers.From the moment of arrival on May 19, till departure 2 days later I was very satisfied with the excellent customer service and helpfulness of the staff.The bed was very very....... comfortable, and the room was very clean. The breakfast which I ordered at room was enough for 3 people!The location was great since in the evening I could walk to many restaurants and I even I walked to see a great show. To sum it up, I liked it so much that I am thinking of going back on a personal trip with my husband. Berlin is a great city and this hotel makes all the difference.I strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>princesscr
<Content>The best Marriott ever We booked the reservation at the last minute, directly through the hotel. I was pleased with every employee I encountered, and received the best service and attention I have ever had in a hotel.The rooms were spotless and very comfortable. The linens were soft and the bed was like sleeping on a clean, white, cloud with perfect pillows. Ah!The location was excellent, right at Potsdamer Platz and within walking distance of the U-Bahn, the Brandenberg Gate, the Reichstag, Tiergarten park, and several worthy museums. The property would have been adjacent to the Berlin Wall, if it were still standing.I am a Marriott elite member and have stayed at many Marriott properties worldwide, but this is by far my favorite, based on the service, quality of the rooms, cleanliness and location.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RoomForRent1
<Content>Outstanding location, lovely hotel We stayed here for four nights in mid-May 2008. Thanks to Priceline we obtained an extremely favorable rate.The hotel's location is remarkable, especially considering that it in an area that was once a huge vacant lot next to the Berlin Wall. In fact, the wall ran through what is now the eastern part of the hotel building.The Berlin Marriott is great because you can either walk or use public transit (Potsdamer Platz U-bahn and regional rail station is only a block or so away) to just about anywhere.The Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag, the rapidly developing center city (formerly in East Berlin) are all easy to walk to from the hotel.The glitzy, Disney-like Sony Center is a short block away but more ordinary restaurants are available close by if you head east or south.Our hotel room was spotless and very well-appointed. We were asked if we wanted to upgrade to an executive level room (EUR 80.00 additional per night) but chose not to. The staff was uniformly excellent and the services of the concierge quite helpful.For runners the Tiergarten is just a block or so away, plus you can run toward the Reichstag and then run either west or east along the Spree River.This was a great hotel!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>epicentre
<Content>Central location, but just standard The Mariott in Berlin is in a great central location in Berlin just a stone throw away from Potsdamer Platz. With a lot of competition of near by 5* hotels, this one falls short of the competition being rather a standard 5* with standard service.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Bern_Fidi
<Content>perfect location The Marriott Berlin is indeed a nice and very well located hotel. All the sights (Potsdamer Platz, Brandenburg gate and subway) are very close. The rooms are mid-size, but ok, nicely appointed and in very well shape (bathroom was spotless). Bar and restaurant are cozy, well kept and serve good food and beverages. Breakfast was, at 鈧?28, too expensive.Service at reception is not at the level it shoud be. We arrived at 3pm on a calm tuesday and couldn't check into our room until 4.30 to 5 pm. We were offered to hang arround in the exec lounge - something you would't like to do when you want to explore a city. Upon arrival also nobody arround to help with the bags - but about 5 people watching us!!Pool and fitness areas are ok - consindering that you are right in the center of a city. The area arround the hotel is safe, also at night. Overall a good stay.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>margarida
<Content>Great Hotel,excellent service,superb location...       Postdamer Platz...2 min from Marriott  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SENCO
<Content>Super hotel in great location We stayed here for a 3 night weekend break and had no complaints at all. Superb location at Potsdammer Place and within easy walking distance of the B randenburg Gate, Checkpoint Charlie, Rheichstag etc. We upgraded to the executive level on the 10th floor for 80 euros a night. Access to the lounge gave us free drinks (any type), nibbles, breakfast and from 5pm starters, salad and desserts which you could use as a basis for a main meal. We even had champagne for breakfast one day. Nothing was too much trouble, eg. conceirge booked us tickets for a show. Swimming pool is on the small size and was cold but very, very clean with good loungers. Our room was large with a good view - robes, slippers, Evian and free internet access included plus a packet of 'traffic crossing men' at bedtime, a nice touch. I definitely intend to return to such an interesting city and will definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cpg75
<Content>Central It looks good in all aspects:- Staff is friendly  professional- Rooms are perfectly clean, even if a bit on the small size- Very good breakfast- The place is quite new lookingSome other things could be better:- Tiny swimming pool- The walls of the room feel shaky when a door slams into the nearbyIn the end, I've been there maybe 3 or 4 times and I just don't feel that comfortable there. Difficult to give a precise reason.The restaurant is really nice.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Piccolina123
<Content>Great room, - loved the executive lounge I stayed at the Berlin Marriott for 3 nights in August 2007 with my boyfriend using my Marriott points As a platinum Marriott member, I was upgraded to the best room available. The corner room had an awesome view of Potsdamer Platz. I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get a suite, but then again, I've never been able to get one even as a platinum member. Check in was easy and friendly. The room was very roomy and had big windows facing on to Potsdamer Platz. We immediately made it up to the executive lounge to have some drinsk. It's one of the nicest lounges of Marriott. There's an attendant at the lounge most of the time and they're also friendly. Breakfast buffet in the executive lounge was the usual standard Marriott affairs. What really impressed me was the dinner hor d'oeuves and the open bar! Although it was called evening appetizers, the food was filling enough as dinner! There were salads, appetizers, bread, cheese, desserts. What a feast! The open bar was really nice too and the service was excellent. The lounge was pretty crowded on one of the nights we were there but we still managed to get a table by the window.I say this Marriott's service and room quality is up there with a JW Marriott. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Berlin. Great rooms, great location and an excellent executive lounge!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>a visitor from ireland
<Content>great hotel This is a great hotel. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and relaxing. The staff were friendly and professional. We had a super quick check-in and out. The hotel itself is very quiet and central to alot of the sights. There are a few nice restaurants within walking distance and a shopping centre just a few minutes away. Great choice for breakfast and the bar is quite nice too. Will be returning here and recommending it.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NomadicNina
<Content>Excellent hotel, excellent location Just on the site of the former Wall, this Hotel is a perfect jumping off point for everything to see and do in Berlin. Starbucks on block, train on corner. Our junior suite, while not luxuruous on the Four Seasons level, was extremely clean, comfortable and spacious. The Exec lounge is worth it for the extras---food and beverages and papers and internet and more. Staff wonderfully helpful. Restaurant attached to hotel is fantastic--a delightful surprise.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Josh_26
<Content>Awesome experience Awesome location, beautiful hotel, great value. A must stay for the casual traveller to amazing Berlin. Stay on the executive level and enjoy the executive lounge's great views and many amenities. On site parking is extremely convenient but a bit pricey. All in all a great hotel.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gjob
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff, Great City The Marriott was excellent. The staff were very attentive. I really enjoyed the added bonus of the use of the Executive Lounge. All the main tourist attractions are within walking distance - Brandenburg Gate, Checkpoint Charlie etc. For those who don't like walking, the rail station at Postdamer platz is a stones throw away with access to the Ubahn  Sbahn. would recommend this hotel without a shadow of doubt. I will return!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maht
<Content>Fantastic hotel close to the historical sites The hotel is quite new, having been built post-reunification. It is very well located, within a few minutes walk of the Brandenburg Gate, the Jewish Memorial, the Reichstag and the old WW2 area. It's on Potsdamer Platz, right on the boundary between East  West Berlin, and in fact, a corner of the hotel is built on top of where the Berlin Wall used to be. Right across the road from the hotel is the location of the Reich Chancellery during WW2 - now a big construction site with new apartment buildings popping up.Rooms are very nicely appointed and modern, and they have lots of windows to let the light in. Beds and chairs were quite comfortable, and you have views across Potsdamer Platz or the Chancellery area. Breakfast in the buffet restaurant was quite filling and there was a good selection of food (with the obligatory German sausages!)  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FisherBob
<Content>Right in the heart of Berlin       Rooms big enough for soccer--er, football  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ExplorerIreland
<Content>Good Hotel - Fantastic Location - Super City! I have to say, I really enjoyed my stay here. The main advantage is the fantastic location, hard to beat Right next door to Potzdamer Platz and its U-Banh/S-Bahn station. A few hundred meters north is the Reichstag and the Brandenburger Tor, and within walking distance of the fantastic shopping centre of the Ku'damm (about 3km in distance, although the U-Bahn will get your there quicker - just 6 stops on the U2 line). There are some great moderately priced restaurants nearby, and of course the Sony Centre is practically next door.The U2 U-Bahn line that ruins through Potsdamer Platz is very useful, and links the city's two centres along an axis from AlexanderPlatz, through south part of the historic centre, and on to the Ku'damm (station at Zoo Gardens). A day ticket is very cheap and well worth the money as it covers both U-Bahn and S-Bahn, which is a very efficient, safe and clean mode of transport in Berlin. For gay travellers, the gay area around Nollendorfplatz is less than 2km away from this hotel, and a nice walk (or if you're lazy , 4 stops on the U2 U-Bahn Line from Potsdamer Platz).The hotel rooms themselves were spacious (by European standards) and nicely decorated. Some great views from the rooms, especially from the top floor where the executive lunge is. Access to the executive lounge was part of a paid upgrade to our room, and is worth it if you intend to use the hotel as a regular stop off during your stay. Access to the lounge included internet access, breakfast and various drinks/snacks throughout the day.The restaurant attached to the hotel, called the Midtown Grill, is superb . A little pricey by German standards, but the service and the food is excellent. The most impressive touch is a complementary flaming fondue of marshmallows with chocolate which arrives with your bill, which is not only fun, it made me wish I hadn't filled up on dessert before hand!On the down side, the pool in the leisure facilities is a little on small side... don't expect to be doing Olympic training here, its nothing morer than an oversized bath. In addition to the pool there are showers and a sauna, but that's about it. Not very impressive in all.Also, the total has a policy of doing something rather annoying with your credit card: they block large amounts of cash on your credit card BEFORE you check out. A receptionist told me this is standard policy in German Hotels, although I have never before seen this in any German hotel previously, and I was told it was to ensure payment of the room. Not a very trusting and welcoming approach to their customers. However, the amount they reserved on my credit card was way in excess of the total bill amount, to which couldn't get a straight answer from the hotel staff as to why this was the case, or any enthusiasm to remedy this situation. When I checked out, of course all that was taken out of the card was the agreed amount, but the massive amount reserved (over 3,500 Euro over a one week period!) almost made my credit card useless on the holiday. Be warned about this... make sure you have a big enough credit limit before using this hotel.On Berlin in general: (1) On a safety note, just don't find yourself wandering around the Eastern suburbs of Berlin, day or night... but then again, you should have no business to bring you there in the first place.(2) Don't forget to validate your ticket in the U-Bahn stations, look for the yellow box, its not always easy to find.(3) Germans are very law abiding, don't cross the road until the green man shows, even if your are the only person on the entire street.(4) If you have only time for one museum to visit, make it the Pergamon, if only for the Gates of Ishtar (with free entry on late night Thursdays)(4) DO try the curry worst... Its cheap, nasty and totally addictive!Overall, despite the credit card fiasco, its a great hotel, super location, and I would certainly use them again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>karlyn
<Content>A Great Location and a Great Stay My husband and I began a four-week tour of Eastern Europe in September by staying for four nights at the Berlin Marriott. It was a wonderful stay. The location of the hotel is superb! You are right at Potsdamer Platz metro station, The Sony Center is just across a small street. There are lots of places to eat within a five minute walk and anyone you want to meet from Berlin knows the location. We did three days of walking tours with Berlin Walks and our wonderful guide was Sarah. We highly recommend this company for the on you own tourists. Our hotel room was on the 8th floor looking our on the Bears exhibit and with good views of the city. Our room was a standard room but it was plenty spacious for us as we were out of the room from early morning to early evening. Everything was clean and there were adequate amenities in the bathroom. The front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful. The cafe served us a wonderful steak salad dinner our first night in Berlin after hours of airplanes and terminals and we had breakfast each morning off the menu rather than the buffet and it was very tasty. Checking in and checking out were without any problems. We were much too tried from walking miles each day to use the gym or pool facilities but they looked quite nice. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Berlin and we would definitely stay there again when we go to Berlin.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>robtk
<Content>Great location, great hotel! We stayed here during christmas and had a great time.The location of the hotel is excellent: immediate next to the Potzdammer Platz. Many of the great sights and locations of Berlin are within a very short walking distance.The hotel is fairly new (about 3 year) and is excellent. Our room (king deluxe) was very spacious, as was the bathroom. Room was clean and had the new Marriott beds which are very comfortable.Personnel was friendly and helpful in finding restaurants for us ( and making reservations).The hotel restaurant is also a good place to eat: we had the surprise dinner on the 24th of dec, and I ended up thanking the chef personally for the great food. It was that good!Gym was good, with all fitness devices having personal tv screens!We didn't use the pool but it looked clean (and fairly small)  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Liblaw
<Content>Another great Marriott We really enjoyed our stay at the Berlin Marriott. As we had used Marriott points for the room we followed a TripAdvisor review and upgraded to the Concierge Floor for 80 Euros per night per couple.. The amenities included free internet, and always available coffees and sodas. We also enjoyed breakfast and free cocktails and lite buffet at dinner time. Later in the evening free drinks continued and then desserts were offered. A great place to unwind after a tiring day of touring.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hoff-dk
<Content>Perfect hotel on a perfect location We chose this hotel beacuse it is located near Potsdamer Platz and because it has a pool. With a baby (1,5 years old) it is nice with a pool if it's rainy. Everything about this hotel is perfect and will definately recommend it to everyone  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarionMontgomery
<Content>Nice people, great location,good value.       Christmas market buzz  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>xxxtraveltoday
<Content>Great Location/ Bad Concierges Service I am a travel agent and every Thanksgiving I go away with my family. This year we choose Berlin. The Marriott is a wonderful hotel in the best location. We were in the Potsdamer Platz, Sony Center area. The Christmas Markets were just starting to open and it was festive. All this just a few blocks from the Marriott. The hotel has the best bedding. This could be a 5 star hotel but I would give it 4 stars. They do not have turn down service in the evening as some other Marriotts do. But the problems we encountered were at the Concierges desk. It wasn't just a problem with one man we had several through out the stay and the attitude was the same. They could not recommend a good German restaurant to us! Which amazed us! We asked about tours, attractions, trains, shopping. We were told don't bother going to Pottsdam because there will be no English speaking tours. (we went and there were tours) They told us to just use a taxi if we needed to go somewhere. The Concierges desk is USELESS at this hotel.The only thing they know is the hop on/hop off bus tour. There are several of these and they push the most expensive. Also they try to hide the smoke (not a smoke free hotel) with fragence pumped into the lobby. This fragence can be more offensive than the smoke. It's strong! The hairdryer is weak and becareful with the mini-bar. If you lift a can or bottle, that might appear on your checkout bill.On our own we did find some really good restuarants. Mommseneck- house of 100 bears is a typical Berlin casual pub/restaurant. Its in the Potsdamer Platz. Great sausage and potatoes and every type of beer you desire. Also Cafe Einstein near the American Embassy and Brandenberg Gate was a nice Austrian cafe. The creamiest hot chocolate and best desserts we ate in Berlin. The dollar hit a new low versus the Euro. So we found every meal to be expensive. I would skip the Reichstag, I was not impressed and the line was long. We also expected to see a more state of the art museum at Check point Charlie. This museum was interesting but needs to be updated. Go to Pottsdam-its probably better in the Spring and Summer. The Berlin subway system isn't the most tourist friendly. It's not color coded as London's underground. But it is useable and clean and safe. It seems after you buy your ticket you have to validate them and then you have 120 minutes and the ticket become invalid. The fare for this standard ticket in zones A  B was 2.10 euros. Hope this helps someone.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>DublinExplorer
<Content>Luxurious Hotel in Fantastic Location We stayed in the Marriott for a three night leisure break and the whole experience was excellent. The location could not be better if you are there to visit the city as a tourist. Walking in one direction from the hotel, ten minutes will bring you past the Jewish Memorial, then on to the Brandenburg Gate which is right at the top of Unter den Linden. Another three minutes walk and you are at the Reichstag and of course the Tiergarten. Hitler鈥檚 bunker is about three minutes walk from the hotel. One of the hotel managers gave us directions to the bunker as you won鈥檛 find it marked on maps. It is in the small car park area of a very nondescript apartment building. There is a small recently erected notice board there which gives some information. About a 15 minute walk in the other direction from the hotel brings you to Checkpoint Charlie which is just not to be missed while in Berlin. The Marriott is in Potdamer Platz and you would need days to get around to see it all (Sony Centre, Legoland) but to walk around the wonderful modern architecture is awe inspiring. If you are a shopper the Arcaden Centre is almost directly across the street from the hotel and will not disappoint. Saturn - an electronics shop is just amazing and coming from Ireland we found it very cheap. The hotel is a one minute walk from the train station which we used to get us to and from the Airport and indeed we used the train during our stay and found it easy and safe to use. On coming out of Arrivals at Schonefeld Airport there is small yellow stand with a tourist advisor who provides hotel directions. The bedrooms were all you would expect from a Marriott. The beds though were just divine. Beautiful luxurious white linen and duvets all added to the comfort. We would go back to the Marriott just for the comfortable beds. We paid a little extra and had access to the Executive Lounge. This was lovely; it was very relaxing to go for a drink in the evening before going out to dinner or to relax there with a coffee during the afternoon and look out at the view from the 10th floor. There was free Internet access. We had breakfast each morning in the Executive lounge which was great, excellent choice and service apart from Saturday morning when it was overcrowded and all a bit frantic. Would recommend the restaurant across the street from the hotel called Cancun. Great atmosphere and food.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dutchman2007
<Content>dutchman2007 ok but not marriott standers!!!!lift are veryslow and realy oldrooms need a renov, asap exce lounge ok but not greetservice are just okbetter stay in the new interconti better also better location we styed for 5 nits i was not very happy with the hotel service !  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	1	4	

<Author>moetmadam
<Content>Brilliant location  Wonderful. Check in was great and made us feel very special. Room was large (2 adults, 1 child) with a perfect 'people watching' view.Breakfast was fab (I know Americans expect more from Marriott but we have to recognise that in European locations they cater for different needs), great choice but I do agree it can get a little crowded.DO have dinner in the hotel restaurant at least one night of your stay. The service was wonderful and the food devine. Our son (7yrs) was made to feel very welcome throughout, that makes us very happy!The location is perfect and do not be concerned about using the underground, it is so easy and convienient.Concierge were fantastic , infact the best I have come across.You have a choice of hotel in this location...Marriott (Clean, classy, trendy and modern). Or the more traditional hotel down the road (which we went to for lunch and they looked at my son as though they had never seen a child before)! I made the best choice.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coxy_a
<Content>Great for a weekend break We stayed for two nights for a short trip to Berlin. It was the perfect base to explore Berlin. Even though we arrived early we were given a room. The staff were all well presented, extremely polite and friendly and efficient. We were asked by a genuinely interested check in member of staff how our journey was, if there was anything they could do to make our stay more comfortable. We only booked a deluxe room but it was spotless, the furniture was immaculate. I would really recommend this hotel. Mid town grill the restaurant served brilliant steaks. I felt it was well worth the money and would recommend it to friends and family. Gym was well equipped though swimming pool was quite small, but again, very clean.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>s665770
<Content>Location top, room good, breakfast average to poor. Standard Marriott, verry good location. We had a twin room with two big beds which were verry comfortable. Breakfast was not as good as I susspected, compared to other Marriot hotels. The breakfastroom was also to small fo the amount of guests which resulted in a que along the tables. (Verry nice to have breakfast with 14 bottoms beside your table!).Would we go back ? For the location absolutely, for the hotel..........we prefer the Intercontinental.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ragefc
<Content>Perfect location       Corner room  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DCBuffalo
<Content>Great Location in Mitte I stayed at the Berlin Marriott on a vacation to Berlin, and was completely satisfied with the stay. I picked this hotel specifically because we needed a room with two double beds (not twins). The room we were given was clean, quiet and spacious, with very comfortable bedding and a clean bathroom.We loved the location next in Potsdamer Platz, as we were within walking distance from many shops, restaurants, the S- and U-bahn stations, as well as a short 10-15 minute hike from the Tiergarten, Brandenberger Tor, and Unter den Linden.Although this is definitely a business class hotel, it was a wonderfully relaxing place to return to after a day of touring eastern Berlin on foot! I'd recommend to anyone looking for a very nice modern hotel with easy access to the sights in Mitte.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FolkWorldTravelers
<Content>Great Location! Good Value! Excellent Service! For our 2007 Summer vacation, we chose Berlin and used TripAdvisor to select our hotel. As we had Marriott points available, we booked this hotel since it was was highly rated and centrally located. Great choice as it turned out.We arrived approx. 8:00 am from our Continental overseas flight and took a fifteen-minute taxi ride (cost for 2 adults/one child with tip - E 20) to the hotel. We received good service at check-in since we had requested a smoking/2 double bed room which was available for early check-in. The only thing we didn't receive as requested was the better east view which oversees East Berlin and most of the old buildings (note: the west and north sides face office buildings and the south view would be over the Park). We also upgraded to the Executive Floor status (located on the 10th floor - our room was on the 9th Floor) which we recommend without question. For a cost of E 80/day, we received breakfast, unlimited drinks, snacks, evening buffet and evening desserts. It was so nice to come in after a long day of tourist jaunts and have a glass of champagne and nibble on whatever was available. Well worth the cost and we made the effort to tip every night to the staff since we had such great service. As to the hotel, there was no complaints since service, cleaning, and any requests were handled promptly. The location is, without question, convenient and safe. You have access to unlimited taxis, subways, buses and trains within two blocks of the hotel. Also, there are so many tourist sites located within walking distance of the hotel including Sony Center (Film Museum, Legoland), Brandenberg Gate, the Unter de Linden, the Reichstag, Jewish Memorial Site, Teddy Bear Park, etc. You can take the No. 100/200 buses to all of the other tourist locations while enjoying the view. You can also visit Potsdam via the U-2 subway to the Zoo and then transfer to the S-Bahn 7 (highly recommended but you need at least two days to do Potsdam justice). Also, the hotel is around the corner from the pick-up locations for several tourist buses that give you the running commentary as you travel about. We also recommend picking up the Berlin Welcome Card and enjoy the free transport as well as the discounts to numerous tourist activities. In summary, you can't go wrong with this hotel if you want American 4-to-5 star standards of size, service and facilities in your Berlin hotel in a convenient, central location.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shule
<Content>Excellent! My short stay in Berlin was perfect experience thanks to Marroitt hotel. I was there on business and did not have much time for tourist activities and the weather was rather bad for that time of the year. However, the hotel experience was fantastic. The location of the hotel is perfect, close to some of the main attractions. Everything else - room, cleanliness, amenities - was perfect. Service is first class, just what you expect from a Marriott hotel. If I have to choose something on the down side, I would say that breakfast is not really a five star one, but it is was good. All in all, would recommend and would go there again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janrat
<Content>Excellent Hotel in a fab city Fantastic Hotel in a brilliant location. Just returned from 6 nights staying at this superb hotel. The hotel was immaculate and in a great location close to the Sony Centre and the Brandenburg Gate with all other locations just so handy to get to using the underground across the road. Paid a little extra to gain access to the executive lounge so could have internet access but was worth every penny for all the extra benefits that gave us. A lovely welcome gift on arrival, fresh fruit in our room everyday and complimentary breakfast in the exec lounge. Snacks and nibbles were also available during the day and each evening drinks and cocktails and hot and cold snacks all free of charge. Felt like a private members club where each evening we all met for drinks before going out and then called back in for a nightcap before bed. Just ate far to many peanut M  M s though. Would return to this hotel everytime visited Berlin. Word of caution about Berlin though.....amazed how many department stores and shops and restaurants dont take credit cards.....take plenty of cash  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eric_Johansen
<Content>Luxury and Convenience I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. Its location is very convenient - next to Potsdamerplatz and near to the Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag, the Tiergarten and the Berlin Philharmonic. Everything in my room was of the very highest quality, and new - it looked like I was the first person to stay there. The bar is comfortable and accommodating, the breakfast room is light and well staffed. The staff were helpful and courteous.I booked this hotel on the basis of my previous (good) experiences of Marriott hotels, and was not disappointed. When I go back to Berlin (as I must) I will stay here without bothering to scout for other hotels - it was that good.For the purposes of comparison I paid EUR159 per night. The breakfast was EUR24, which I felt was a bit on the high side. There is a cafe 100 yards away that will substitute on my next visit.A great stay, and one I wish had been longer.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisabobisa
<Content>Fantastic       Hotel from outside  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emah
<Content>absolutely fantastic I really loved everything about this hotel. I was in Berlin for a week for a conference, and after searching around found the best deal on the Marriott website - 129 euros including taxes and breakfast, a night. The staff are easily the friendliest that I have ever come across in a western hotel - one morning I was walking along the hall towards the lift and the the man vaccuuming the carpet stopped what he was doing to press the lift button so a lift was waiting when i got there. When I couldn't work out how to buy an underdgrond ticket (its a very confusing system!) the concierge offered to walk down to the station with me to show me how. Every single staff member I encountered smiled and wished me well - it was nothing short of amazing. Breakfast was wonderful - great variety of cold and cooked items, breakfast cereals and fruits, juices, bakery items - a lovely way to start the day. My last day I rented a hotel bike and immediately wished I had done it every day - Berlin is the most cycle-friendly city I have ever been in, and absolutely lends itself to touring by pedal. the location is fabulous - very central, close enough to walk to many attractions, and right opposite the Sony Centre, which has free wireless throughout (rather than paying 20 euros a day for hotel access, i took my laptop over for coffee or dinner at the end of the day).and finally the best part - the bed. lordy, what a thing of beauty. It had some sort of topper cover on it and it was how I imagine sleeping on a cloud would be (only dry rather than damp). apparently those toppers are for sale and I am going to try and buy one.there is a fabulous gym (which I did not use! but only viewed on my way to the...) and a small indoor pool surrounded by marble and paintings of lilys styled after monet, which was very peaceful lovely the couple of times I found it empty, but which was a nightmare when several families with children descended upon it.loved berlin, loved this hotel, hope to return.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FlyingFinn
<Content>Perfect! Simply perfect: modern, stylish, well managed modern and relaxed, but luxurious hotel with perfect location, big rooms (32 m2), relaxing lounge (well worth the money), impressive lobby and wonderfully friendly staff. What else: super nice beds, elegant bathrooms, individual airconditioning, floor to ceiling windows, but no noice from the street, actually the room in the 10th floor was very silent also otherwise: we slept well and late . In front of the hotel there were taxies waiting all the time, and also metro/train stations very close. Even if the new centre of Berlin is still shaping up (lot of contruction going on), I liked the location more than Kurf眉rstendam. (Sony Center was a bit dissappointing, though). One can walk to main sights in the Unter den Linden area etc.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DutchyCan
<Content>Very Good Very good hotel. Luxurious and close to the city center. A lot can be done walking. From the Sony Center to the Parliament and the Brandenburger Tor. Location is perfect. We did not realize this, untill we started walking from the Hotel and found we were near the sites...Breakfast is ok, what you'd expect in a hotel like this. Problematic is the small part in front of the hotel for stopping the car and getting your suitcases out (especially when a bus comes). The garage is not too cheap, but it is valetparking. The pool is small but nice (and not used that much when we were there). If you want to stay in the middle or very near the centre of Berlin and you like a modernstyle hotel that is clean and has a 5 star atmosphere: this is your hotel.I would love to go back...  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shopper3042
<Content>Loved this hotel - hope to go back one day We stayed at the Berlin Marriott from July 3-9 on vacation and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is very modern, rooms are average for Europe and the bathroom was about the same size. We had a nice view of the city. We decided after reading some other reviews to stay on the Executive (Concierge) Level and it was well worth the extra money. The breakfast each morning in the Executive Level Lounge was good, with two hot entrees, breads, cereals, yogurt, coffee, juices and tea. The Lounge was open all day and it entitled you to complementary snacks and drinks all day as well as free use of the three computers in the business area. It was wonderful to be able to email the family at home and tell them that we had arrived instead of having to call home! Every evening there was a cocktail hour from 5:30 to 7:30 again with two hot appetizers and numerous other small dishes along with complementary, beer, wine and alcohol. From 7:30 to 9:30 they served desserts and we enjoyed those tremendously each night. Some people made a meal out of the appetizers and desserts. Dinner at the Midtown Grill (hotel restaurant) was excellent! Steak cooked to perfection, chicken breast perfectly done, just can not say enough nice things about the Grill. The whole staff was very cooperative, friendly and eager to help with directions, information or other needs. We highly recommend this hotel and would love to stay there again some day.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ivo77
<Content>Everything perfect We booked it via [--] for a very nice price.The hotelroom was good and clean.TV and minibar present.Hotel is close to subway (U-bahn) station Spittelmarkt. From here you can get to almost each interesting place with often only one or two stop-overs.Breakfast and parking are expensive (around 15 euros each).Helpful staff at the reception to help you orientate in Berlin.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Smitten
<Content>A piece of heaven in Berlin We have just returned from a summer vacation in Europe where our first stop was Berlin for 6 nights. I had basically taken other reviews of the Marriot Berlin and booked not just the room but also paid for the executive floor. Let me tell you this is well worth it. The hotel is good for couples, families and businessmen and they cater to everyone. You receive a great room with the wonderful beds and have all the facilities you need. The executive floor is well worth the money. You receive a breakfast that is beyond anything in North America on an executive floor - it opens early of course for the business people to eat and during the weekday breakfast ends at 10am. Drinks begin at 5:30 and have wonderful appetizers until 7 - wine, beer, sodas and waters are all available as well as mixed drinks and we spent many an evening kicking back after a full day of touring. The lounge is open all day and one can utilize the computers of which there are 3 - or kick back in another area and watch cnn on a wide screen tv.Another reason I booked this hotel was the gym. They have a pool which suited our son just fine and the 24 hour gym is connecting, has modern equipment and is bigger than most hotels - it is also secured with your room key and has a separate elevator. They do not charge to use the gym.The tour desk was most helpful and they went above and beyond the call of duty to give specific instructions on how to travel anywhere in Berlin.The location you can't beat - right at Potsdamer Platz and the Sony Centre.....walking a stones throw to the Jewish Memorial, the Brandenberg Gate, the S Bahn, the U Bahn, shopping mall and I could go on and on. Right across the street is the Ritz Carlton. If we ever went back to Berlin we would stay there without question you don't need to look anywhere else in my opinion.Well done Marriott  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Febo17
<Content>Nice Hotel The Marriott Berlin is a nice modern hotel. The hotel is conveniently located at Potsdamer Platz. It's a short walk to the Reichstag and Brandenburger Tor. Subway station is a block from the hotel which provided convenient access to other parts of Berlin.Rooms were decent size. I had a nice view of the city. Beds were very comfortable and bathroom was nicely appointed. Lobby and common areas were clean and nicely maintained. Pool/workout area is decent size and well maintained.Concierce staff was very helpful and friendly. Overall, I had a pleasant stay at the Marriott Berlin and would recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edparo
<Content>Superb! Superb hotel! Lovely rooms! I regularly come to Berlin and I always stay in the Marriott!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>flyboy0681
<Content>Excellent property Like many other reviews listed here for this property, the Berlin Marriott actually exceeded my expectations. The building is only 3 years old and actually sits in the eastern sector of the city. Our room was appointed very nicely and everything was in perfect working order. Those of you lucky enough to gain access to the Executive Lounge will find it to be one of the finest , if not the best, in the Marriott system. The breakfast offerings were incredible as were the evening snacks, which turned out to be enough for dinner. The lounge also offers free internet service through the use of 3 PC's. The staff in the lounge work very hard and seemed to appreciate the the 2 Euros I left for them each day.The location of this hotel is nothing short of outstanding. Directly above the subway, across the street from the Sony Center (an entertainment area) and about 3 blocks from the Brandenberg Gate and Holocaust memorial.The staff were very helpful and went out of their way. I didn't find a single surly employee. Dinner in the restaurant was excellent as well.The Marriott site estimates taxi fare from the airport to be 18 Euros and that's exactly what it cost. I would not recommend taking the subway from the airport because it first requires getting on a city bus which then takes you to a subway stop. The taxi ride to the main railway station took approximately 6 minutes and costed just a few Euros.Should I ever find myself back in Berlin, this would be the only establishment I'd check into.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dafbird
<Content>Very convenient. We found the Marriott to be in a perfect location. We arrived from Munich at 8am Sunday morning on the night train  a taxi to the Marriott cost us just 7Euro. We couldn't check in to our rooms till 3pm but they took our bags  let us shower  change in the leisure centre which was great. We set off to look around  had a coffee in the Starbucks next door. The U bahn  S bahn are only down the street. We walked to most of the main tourist attractions in a few minutes, Sony Centre, Holocaust Memorial, Brandonberg Tor, Part of the Berin Wall  the Topography of Terror is a few extra steps. We found it ideal. Our only complaint is that the pool was closed from Monday morning to Wednesday  we only got to use it once on Sunday evening. It had been one of the main reason we'd picked the hotel. We hadn't been informed on check in  no one really seemed to care that we were annoyed. The hotel bar was expensive but the Sony Centre had plenty of good bars. We were fond of the Aussie Pub. Our room was very quiet  clean with good air conditioning. We found no faults.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yvnkenny
<Content>Too Late for a Coffee Room, amenities, and location all excellent.Only downside was after we'd had a few drinks in the bar we asked for coffees but were told we couldn't havecoffee as the machine had just been cleaned, but they were quite happy to continue serving us alcohol.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Faience44
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the smoke This is a very pleasant hotel and so solidly built that you can't hear noise from other guests or the traffic outside, a quality I really enjoy when sleeping in a strange city. The location is great, the food not bad, but I was disappointed to smell cigarette smoke in the public spaces. My room smelled distinctly of smoke although I requested a non-smoking room. They do things differently in Europe, where the anti-smoking laws are sadly laxer than in Canada.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>thorndyke
<Content>- Near Perfect Just stayed 4 nights at the Berlin Marriott. (5/28-6/1/07) The hotel was outstanding! Big spotlessly clean rooms. Location, location, location with UBahn and SBahn just a block away. Hotel staff were very helpful. We had a great view looking East.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ooookch
<Content>Excellent One of the very best Marriotts I have stayed at and I like the chain anyway. It's a very modern hotel with a lively atmosphere. Located right next to Potsdamer Platz and Sony Center it's an excellent place to stay if you're in Berlin as tourist with a lot of sights within walking distance.I had an executive room which was nice and quite large. The executive lounge is well run with nice drinks and snacks. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stellamystar
<Content>Great Place to Stay!! Stayed for two nights - great room! So clean, great front desk staff and bar staff. Located near the Potsdamer Platz train station and the bus tours. We loved it. Cafes, coffee shops within walking distance as well. Beds were great - baths HUGE, esp for europe.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoPlatinum
<Content>Fantastic! We are Marriott platinum members -- (over 75 nights / year) in Marriott hotels. The Berlin Marriott is the best hotel we have ever enjoyed. The rooms are new and large, the staff fantastic and the Executive lounge extraordinary. This is a great hotel in a great city for tourists -- don't miss it!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Inhabitant
<Content>What a great way to enjoy your holiday!!! We stayed at the Marriot Hotel in Berlin for 4 night in May. We enjoyed our stay in every way. ..Very friendly staff, great breakfast, very nice room and a good pool/sauna.. This hotel is very near all the main spots: The Brandenburger Tor, Unter der Linden, Reichtstag, Checkpoint Charlie and Topographie des Terrors. The hotel is also easy to find from the highway (by Car) or by metro (Potsdamer platz is only a 2 min. walk).We would recommend this hotel to everybody... This hotel makes your visit to Berlin SUPER!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BostonMassachusetts
<Content>Typical Marriott with a great pool This is a typical Marriott. My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three nights in a room on the executive floor on a leisure trip. The executive lounge was average. Nothing to write home about. Pretty standard stuff.The pool was great. The check-in process (front desk) was very efficient and professional. A concierge was very helpful, friendly and recommended a great restaurant just a cab ride away but with mostly local patrons.Be careful in the shower. The water can switch to very hot quickly and briefly when folks in nearby rooms are switching water on and off.As for the location, it is near the Sony Center but I think it is really not the ideal spot for tourists. Still, I think it's a great location for business travelers. However as a tourist again, I probably will choose a different location.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bouedo
<Content>Customer Service At It's Best!       Checkpoint Charlie  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moustache101
<Content>Employees make the hotel first rate! We went to this hotel for three nights as part of a family vacation. The hotel is exceptionally clean, very conveniently located, and at 119 euro quite reasonable.As a Marriott gold member, we received an upgraded room, and access to the executive lounge. The staff at the lounge were great but very occupied, as this is the busiest (and also one of the smallest) executive lounges we have been in. The breakfast was very good, as were the evening canap茅s.We had a small problem, and although not the fault of the Marriott, the staff (thank you Kirstin) graciously rectified the situation. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>BigDontour
<Content>Excellent Marriot !! Just returned from a weekend at the Marriot, Berlin. The situation is a good base for exploring the city and has a good number of reasonably priced eating places in Postdammer Platz close by.The hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, the food at breakfast was fresh and a good selection and we ate dinner in the Midtown Grill which was excellent although possibly slightly overpriced for the portions.As previous reviewers have commented the beds are so comfortable a great nights sleep is guaranteed. Our room was on the 6th floor and I think this floor or above would offer potential for best views although the hotel situation amongst other buildings does limit them somewhat. The rooms on the east side I think would offer best views.We managed to get a three nights for the price of two deal which was excellent value including breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leeds_Visitor
<Content>Very good stay with the Marriott       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>DianneEdinburgh
<Content>fabulous hotel We have just returned from a stay here over the Easter weekend. What a fantastic hotel. Our room was on the 8th floor and was very spacious. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The hotel was very clean, couldn' t be faulted. The choice of food at breakfast was tremendous, all tastes are catered for. Fruit juices, cereals, fresh fruit salads, hot buffet, selection of breads and spreads. Waiting staff were very friendly and always there to help.The location of the hotel was great. Potsdamer Platz is a happening place, far nicer we thought in comparison to other areas of Berlin. There are plenty of restaurants to eat out here and all reasonable priced. The U-bahn and S-bahn are located minutes from the hotel but the main attraction sites are within walking distance if you're up for it. Berlin is very flat so walking between attractions does allow you to get a feel for the area. (about 30 min walk to TV tower at Alexanderplatz). The Jewish museum again is just along from the Marriott as is Checkpoint Charlie. The Brandenburg Gate and the Reichstag is about a 15 minute walk away. Give yourself plenty of time to see the attractions. We queued for an hour each to get into the TV Tower and Reichstag.All in all a great stay in Berlin.......very highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimroger17767
<Content>What a stay! Another business trip another in another German Marriot. Well done Marriott is all I can say!!This is a fabulous hotel, really could find nothing to complain about.Great location, right by the sony centre etcNew building, great sound proofing,Wonderful hotel bar, (except they got these crappy green mustard nuts! Avoid I say!!!!)Great restaurant.Rooms were well sized. With a proper bathroom.Did have an issue with my shower one morning, kept getting burnt by really hot water. I called recpetion and they sent up a bottle of champagne to apologize. Explained it was a plumbing issue.This is a template all hotels should follow,Modern with nothing over the top. Will come back!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>beniboi
<Content>loved this hotel! wow... this was properly the best hotel i have stayed in!!! after the hotel was booked, we just expected standerd marriot offerings, but this was pure modern luxery! the check in area was very nice, with helpfull staff giving you easy to follow directions and u-bahn maps ect. also the rooms were great, comfy beds, good choice of tv channels and a nice bathroom. the bar was very relaxing, and had a live radio broadcast to berlins jazz fm from the hotel! i would also recommend a visit to the hotel resturant, the food is just delicouis proper american cuisine, and as for location, coudnt be better! right next to the sony centre (cinima, shops, food ect) a u-bahn and s-bahn station, a hot air baloon ride across the road, and the brandinburgh gate, tierpark and riechstag all nearby. overall very nice hotel and would defently stay here again when i take my mum in 2008!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sindes
<Content>Comfortable and quiet, new building with excellent restaurant This must be one of the best soundproofed hotels I have ever been in. We had the room next to the elevator and could not hear a thing from outside the room - perfect! The room itself was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The only problem I had was with the shower, which suffered from the annoying habit of being unable to maintain a constant temperature, blasting me every couple of minutes with over-hot water.Dinner in the restaurant was extremely enjoyable - pleasant service, great steaks and fun to watch the chefs at work. Breakfast was also good, but is rather overpriced if not included in your room rate.There were a couple of mistakes on my bill with the mini-bar and breakfast when I checked out, but these were immediately rectified, so not a big deal, although I guess it could have been if the front desk member of staff had not believed me. It can be difficult to persuade them you are telling the truth when the minibar is automated and therefore, allegedly, infallible.Location is great, and the concierges are very helpful and knowledgeable in helping with information. Overall, this is an excellent, very professional hotel offering great value for money.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	-1	4	5	3	

<Author>Trapper-J
<Content>Great location Excellent central location on Potsdamer Platz, just a couple of minutes from the Holocaust Memorial, the Brandenburg Gate, Hitler's Bunker and about ten minutes from the Reichstag and from Checkpoint Charlie. The hotel is clean and very comfortable, although the main reception area was undergoing some work while we stayed, and there was a strong smell of glue in the lobby area. I guess that's only temporary though. Our room was #733, which was fine but had little to no view. Try to get a room on the east side of the building (higher numbers better, I think) if you want any kind of view. Our room was well furnished, the bathroom was clean and modern, and the bed was wide and extremely comfortable. We ate in the Midtown Grill (the hotel's own restaurant) - very good starters and good choice of steak; the service was attentive, the waitress patient and helpful. All in all, a great place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TrippinPippin
<Content>Wunderbar! This hotel is stylish and sophisticated with an ideal location. Beware, though, Inge-Beisheim Platz is a hidden cul-de-sac which is easily missed (but cab drivers in Berlin are consummate professionals, so no worries there). Service was impeccable.  From this hotel it is short walks to Reichstag, Thor, Unter den Linden, Tiergarten, Holocaust Memorial and Potsdamer Platz is a major subway hub. Not to be missed is the Sony Center just a block away.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andreas888
<Content>One of Berlin's best value premium hotels As a frequent traveller, I'm quite particular hotels. So when I say that this is a great hotel, that means something. In terms of tourism, it's well situated, only a 5 min walk from the Brandenburg Gate. It's very well run and has a good fitness area. Very good Feng Shui layout, contemporary but not elegant. Great value for the money.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>frmrbrit
<Content>Service is second to none! I have been at the hotel for a week during the Berlin Film Festival. Room is a junior suite. It has a separate, spacious living room with t.v., desk, sofa and chair. The living room has floor to ceiling windows on two sides. Bedroom is large. Bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in! Large bathroom with marble floors with long but narrow tub, glass shower and single sink. What makes this hotel a stand out is the service. They are at full capacity due to the Festival but still every request is met with instant response. Having a suite gives access to the club lounge on the 10th floor where breakfast is available every morning and hot food, wines, cheeses and irresistable pastries served in the evenings. Location is great, round the corner from the (much more expensive) Ritz. Highly recommend this hotel for business and also family travel.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Feeni&Hen
<Content>First Class We stayed at the Berlin Marriott for three nights in January 2007 and were very impressed.Our room was spacious and very well furnished with a good view out onto Potsdamer Platz. The hotel is very modern and staff are friendly and welcoming. Breakfast was buffet style and there is something for all tastes. We liked the fresh smoothies!Location is excellent for sightseeing and there are some great restaurants nearby. We tried Cancun, Diekmann in Weinhaus Huth and Ristorante essenza; all were excellent.Overall, we had a brilliant time in Berlin and this hotel added to our experience. Will definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsChoosy
<Content>Heavenly Beds Choose this hotel for the most comfortable beds ever. The hotel is calm, relaxed and super clean, with none of the usual over-heated airless atmosphere you often find in this type of hotel. We were upgraded to the executive floor which was a bonus. The restaurant is to be recommended with a simple but flexible menu and the food both delicious and beautifully presented. The hotel is very central, right next to the Potsdamer Platz Station and Sony Centre (showing some films in English). The only minor gripes were the non availability of shower caps (take your own!) and poor selection of English language tv channels (go to the next door cinema!)  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Anon
<Content>Sleek and sophisticate hotel I had the pleasure to stay, albeit for only two nights, at the Berlin Marriott. It is a modern, very stylish property. The bed, as has already been remarked, is exceptionally comfortable. The public areas are very pleasing to the eye, the staff courteous and informative, the room has everything you could need (apart from a shower cap and a kettle - but really, it has everything else). My room was a corner room (thus had ten windows which took a bit of getting used to, but after a short while it was fine) and a glimpse of the Reichstag. Excellent insulation - absolutely no noise I could hear from either other rooms or outside (and i am a very light sleeper). Location, as already mentioned, is otpimal, and the breakfasts varied and plentiful. I definitely recommend this hotel as one of the best I have been to.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JENSBritinCopenhagen
<Content>Excellent Marriot I stayed at the Marriot with my wife for a weekend mid January and found it difficult to fault. We booked a room on the executive floor on the hotels website and this turned out to be one of the best weekend deals of all the internet deals for top Berlin Hotels. The hotel is right on Potsdammer Platz, next to the Sony Center and a plesant 5 minute walk through the park to Reichtag and Brandenburg Gate (the start of Under van Linden).The rooms are a reasonable size and our King size bed one of the most comfortable I've ever experienced. Service was friendly and very efficient (even by efficient German standards), the pool and sauna area small but it has everything you need. In general the hotel has a cosy feel considering it's really designed for business. The only reason I've given this four stars and not five were two relatively minor complaints. The pool water is slightly on the cold side and the 40 channel televison only has four English speaking channels, three of them news channels plus Eurosport. The latter complaint should be easy to fix and may even encourage guests to use the hotel room service more.As far as we could see, all the rooms are of a similar standard (the hotel is purpose built and only a couple of years old) but booking an executive room gives you a room on the top floor (better view and direct lift to the health club) and access to the comfortable and well equipped executive lounge which supplies the breakfast buffet and hot and cold snacks and drinks (including alcoholic drinks) throughout the day. Note that if you DON'T eat breakfast in the lounge, they'll charge you extra either for room service or the restaurant, but this didn't give us a problem at all.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cherryplum
<Content>Heavenly bed in a very good hotel The bed designer deserves a medal, just heaven.Standard rooms(deluxe) are very comfortable although the chairs are not for those sitting a long time,very good bathrooms and mostly attentative staff.Also a well fitted health club, pool and an overall feel of cleanliness throughout.Excellant postion next to Potzdammer Platz with a direct bus to the main station and 10 mins walk to the Reichstag and Brandenburg Gate. There is an excellant (German mini chain) Italian restaurant next door, Viander plus a Balzac Coffee shop within 100 yrds. For those going to Potsdam for the Palaces the Train goes from this station with a change at Wansee, also 1 change from SXF airport. Berlin has really good public transport and we purchased 3 day tickets at EUR22 at the airport which was a very good investment as they took us to Potsdam and back to the airport. One place not to be missed is the Charlottenberg Palace especially the 'New' Wing, there was little or no info on it and even our concierge knew really nothing of it, easy u bahn and bus ride. Overall a great place to be both Marriott and Berlin!!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JoG30
<Content>Loved the Marriott, Berlin I had a great stay at the Marriott, Berlin in January 2007.The hotel was perfectly located - a few minutes walk from the Potsdamer Platz (where you'll find transport links, a great shopping centre, the Sony Centre and many restaurants and bars); about 10 mins walk to the Brandenburg Gate and 15/20 mins walk from Checkpoint Charlie and the Jewish Museum.The rooms were very clean and very quiet. The lobby/lounge area was good and lovely to sit in at the end of a busy day exploring the city.The restaurant was wonderful and worth a visit. The service was very good and the food excellent.Other restaurants worth recommending - Cafe Josty at the Sony Centre; Lutter  Wegner at the Gendenmarket.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Dutchvegas
<Content>Be aware , its good really good !! The Marriott Berlin is indeed a better Marriott hotel. I`ve stayed at lots of Marriott`s to compare it too. Its no JW Marriott and also I have been in better Renaissance Marriott`s but this one is certainly a flagship for the Marriott brand.The lobby is beautiful , very large and comfy , the frontdesk and concierge are helpfull and do seem to like their work.The rooms are great, I stayed at the 5th floor and had booked 2 rooms 570 and 571 both were excellent. Al the amenities you come to expect from a 5 star hotel. But the rooms had that 5 star feel to it, which I call the Hotel x-factor. Sometimes a hotel has all the right things for a 5 star property but it lacks the feel of a five star property, not this one from arrivel until check out it was 5 star al the way. Don`t expect people running after you with an umbrella or jumping from behind every colum to greet you by name. Like I said its no Ritz or 4 seasons or even a JW marriott. But these places tend to go at much higher rates.The breakfast buffet was outstanding, fresh smoothies for the fruit lover, cooking station for a fresh and hot omelett. Nice and good selection of food.I loved the cooking station, very good !!!Friendly people al the way.The place of the Hotel just behind the Ritz Carlton at Potzdamer Platz. 3 minutes from the U bahn and 3 minutes from the Sony Centre, which has great restaurants and ding options. Also a great Imax theatre and lotts of other things to do. Also a nice shopping centre next to it.Brandenbur Tor and Unter den Linden within 10 to 15 minutes reach. Al in al the place is great, I like it much better then Kurfurstendam.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>NDAB
<Content>One of the best Marriotts As a Marriott Rewards member I always favour this chain, but the Berlin Marriott surpassed my already high expectations! From the time we arrived very late on a Friday night to when we checked out on a Sunday morning we were made to feel very welcome.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Even when we turned up at the restaurant without a reservation at 8pm on a busy Saturday night they were able to find a table for us.Location-wise, this hotel is in a great spot, just near the Potsdamer Platz and about a 10 minute walk from the Brandenburg Gate. Actually, the edge of the building was built on the spot where the Berlin Wall was.I can highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>laurakevinh
<Content>Fantastic holiday Booked this 6 months in advance and I cannot say a bad word about it. The hotel is fantastic, food excellent and hotel staff very friendly and helpful. We are booking again for next year. Beds, rooms and bathroom very generous in size. Cancun Bar/restaurant across the road, excellent.Kevin  LauraWillie  Terri  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>THJ
<Content>Great Hotel First up I'll confess I'm a fussy traveller!!This was a truly excellent hotel. It's in a great location - an easy walk to the Brandenberg Gate and the Reichstag. The whole area is very modern and clean and feels safe.Check-in at the hotel was very straight forward and the lobby area is nicely done - very welcoming indeed.The rooms (we had 315) are just excellent. Beds are very comfortable and in-room facilities are first-class. I'm a light sleeper and there was just NO noise at all. In fact we discovered the room door is soundproofed. I opened the door to find a cleaner using a vacuum cleaner right outside - I couldn't hear a thing when the door was closed.Breakfast is downstairs in the Midtown Grill. Excellent buffet with loads of choice and gallons of hot coffee and fresh juice.If you want a first-class corporate hotel with things like swimming pool/fitness centre and business centre then this is the one for you.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shaz44
<Content>Wonderful HOtel We have just returned from a wonderful weekend at this hotel, what can i say, service was excellent, everything that we asked for was provided, even down to apples being available at the front desk!!!! I have never been in a hotel where everything is still as brand new as if the hotel had only just opened. the bathrooms were immaculate. i would recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnJF
<Content>Lovely modern hotel Just down from Potsdam, a stone's throw from the Brandenburg gate and Unter dem Linden, and close enough to walk to the Nikoleiviertal, this hotel is ideally located (although surrpounded by high rise modern buildings, obviously as part of the need to invest in the former East)The room was excellent, the reception area maybe a bit too formal, but this is Germany, and the German's are the world leaders in being formal. I have German colleagues who have worked together for 20 years and they still call each other Herr and Frau, first names are verboten !!The bar was wonderful, copious quanties of Pils and Weizen flowed, as well as any cocktail you'd care to mention. One day it was raining as I was leaving the hotel, and the Concierge ran after me with a umbrella that I could take with me (mind you, he insisted that I gave it back !!)The restaurant was also very good, fresh and healthy, no sign of Knoedel or Weisswurst that is the staple diet in Bavaria.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>imtdocklands
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!! Stayed in this superb hotel in September 2006.Fantastic location between Potsdamer Platz and the Brandenburg Gate, right next to the Tiergarten.Staff were friendly, corteous and polite and every request we made was met with a 'no problem' attitude.Rooms were large, clean and comfortable.Bar and restaurant were great - again friendly and helpful staff.Yet another great Marriott!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Oilbert
<Content>Great stay! Top location, staff, rooms! Stayed here for a couple of nights initially and then extended. Didn't really want to go home again. The staff was top class, very friendly and patient (not very common in Germany). A huge room with a great bathroom. The bed was heavenly and the breakfast perfect. Very central and still quiet location! You can walk right into the Tiergarten park and it's a very short pleasant walk to the Brandenburg Gate, parliament etc.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>halopes
<Content>Best hotel ever I stayed at a business suite for a week in last February. Words cannot describe the experience. View over the city was amazing. Bed was heavenly. Room was huge. Bathroom was enormous. Breakfast was magnificent. Perfect.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>LITHIUM
<Content>Excellent Hotel I considered stayioing at the Swisshotel or the Marriott but chose the latter simply because it had some great reviews on this website; it was located next to the Sony Centre with excellent connectivity; and the Executive Club lounge rate was cheaper than the one offered by Swissotel.Here is my experience:My stay in this hotel was from 24th - 27th August 2006 on the Executive Floor. It was excellent - friendly staff, good food and great locality. This is one of the better Marriott hotels and I would recommend any one looking at this website to seriously consider this hotel. Access to the executive club lounge was actually very good. If you go on business or pleasure you can entertain guests there, and with family stock your daily needs (especially drink). The Marriott also has a pool which (although cold) was actually nice. There is nothing negative to report about this hotel. It was a relaxing and very pleasant stay. Enjoy Berlin - it is a friendly city which is child friendly.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>William50
<Content>Cannot be Faulted I simply can't find anythring to criticise about this hotel. The facilities are to an excellent standard, and the staff do go out of their way to make you feel that they care about you and how you find the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pixelmaster
<Content>Simply the Best Booked this last year having read reviews on this site. It was a family holiday and we'd never been to Berlin before so I wanted a good reputable hotel at a reasonable price. Previous reviews pointed to an excellent hotel and they were right.鈧?19 per night for a large spacious family room was good value and easily accommodated the four of us. The room itself was superb. First class decor, very comfortable beds and very quiet despite being in the hub of the city.Customer service was second to none. All the staff spoke good English and the cleaning staff made sure the rooms were in pristine condition with regular visits throughout the day.Food wise, theres a good restaurant in the hotel or there are numerous facilities in the neighbouring area, so all tastes are catered for. Prices are similar to UK averages.All in all, a very relaxing and enjoyable experience and a hotel I'd happily visit again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>storage
<Content>A Wonderful Experience Excellent Hotel in a Fantastic Location. The beds were heavenly, the room was large and quiet and I highly recommend this Hotel.Breakfast each morning was a large wonderful buffet where they also made special orders. The Fitness center was quite decent for Europe.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dchicago
<Content>Impeccable service and a great location If you are looking for a five star hotel with four star pricing then this is the place for you. Our stay was in an executive king and was more than spacious even though we had a rollaway for our seven year old. The room was modern and clean with fine linens and plenty of plush pillows. The very efficient air conditioning was a welcome comfort after long days of 90+ F temperatures. The great location as described in the review below is correct.However, the most impressive feature of this hotel is the attention to service. We were considering the sister hotel located directly across from this one, as we have been to several other of their properties, and I must say that the very high level of service that we recieved from the Marriot made me wonder if the two hotels share staff. The top quality staff actually made my family feel we were guests in their residence and went out of their way to assist us in enjoying Berlin!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Europes best The Berlin Marriott is one of the best of the group I've stayed in, and I've stayed in a few. This was my 4th stay at the property and my loyalty is usually hard earned.The building is very close to Potsdamer Platz and the Sony Centre, with its restaurants, clubs and bars.Yet again my stay was flawless - the rooms are large and supremely comfortable, the restaurant is good, effiecent and well thought through, the bar comfortable, the service copetent and always courteous.The reason must be a really great management team, who motivate and truly value the staff.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Location I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. It is right in the middle of Potsdamer Platz beside the Sony Centre so even strolling around the hotel, there is lots to see like parts of the Berlin Wall and a really interesting memorial park bulit in honour of the Holocaust. It is also right beside the Tiergarten which is lovely for lying the sun and taking some time out. THe Brandenburg Gate is only a few minutes down the road. There is also a lot of fantastic modern architecture in the surrounds with some really interesting designs. It is right beside a big underground station, there are always loads of taxis and you can walk to lots more of the main sights. I had a double room with two double beds which was really spacious and the beds were really comfortable. The bathrooms were also large and spacious. The food was lovely with a good mix of some traditionally German elements (ie lots of meat) and other general mediterranean flavours. Would reccommend it and would stay there again.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>addicted-traveller
<Content>a super stay Just returned from a long weekend in Berlin. Really enjoyed the stay and one major reason was the hotel. Very impressed. We have stayed at many Marriot hotels across the world and this is maybe the best. The bed was great, very comfy and the bathroom really large and gleaming. Everything was new and clean. Staff always obliging and helpful. We ate breakfast {included in the price} and found it varied and well cooked. We also ate in the restaurant on the second night. This was a really lovely meal and the serving staff were smashing. This wasnt cheap but it was no where near as expensive as it would have been in London or Paris.The location is perfect. We walked everywhere from the hotel base and found everything within easy reach. We used the U2 line to go to the Olympic stadium and found it efficient and easy to navigate. The stadium is well worth visiting. If you want a bit of luxury, good location, great food and great staff then stay here.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ultimate place to stay away from home I'm surprised to have seen any poor reviews on this hotel because I was more than pleasantly surprised by it's service and staff. The room was so comfortable, clean and spacious. The location is quietly deceptive because it is very close to some major sites and a large shopping mall (Arkaden). The area can seem a bit quiet but it isn't. We traveled with a small toddler and it was perfect. We had a lot of in-room dining and it was good and well presented.We left the hotel for a few days and we were so desperate to be back because nothing else compared to the comfort and cleanliness.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ralfvd
<Content>Great hotel, great location, expensive car park The Mariott hotel in Berlin, is all you expect from a upclass Mariott hotel. The staff is more than friendly, however during busy times (I was there some days before the FilmFestival in Berlin, so things got crowded during the stay) they tend to rush you. But overall, staff is friendly. The room is rather big, with a very good bed and spacious bedroom. The hotel has a fitness room that is available 24/7. The swimming pool is not that big, but enough to swim a bit after a busy day. Breakfast in the hotel is very good with much to choose from. And if it not available, they try to get it for you. Great service.Overall, one of the best experiences in German hotels. A bit of a disappointment was the cost of the in house car garage. 25 EUR per day. If you will take the risk, there is plenty of free parking space in the near surrounding.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel in Perfect Location I stayed in this hotel for a short stay in Berlin between Xmas and New Years. I used my Marriott Rewards points (they go far in Berlin, as opposed to other cities in Europe). I arrived early (9am), and my room was ready and I was allowed to check in. WOW! The unbelievably friendly front desk clerk asked if I wanted to upgrade to the Executive Floor for 50Euro -- it was a great value, as it included free in room internet and access to the lounge with breakfast and coffee/drinks all day long. I agreed, and was so glad I did this. I was personally escorted to my room and then given a tour of the executive lounge. There is a taxi stand at the hotel and it is also in walking distance to many tourist attractions -- reichstag, many museums, potsdamer platz, etc. It is located next to the Ritz Carlton and you can book appointments at their excellent spa. Finally, they allowed me to check out late at 2pm, so I didn't have to check my bags and was able to sight see in the morning, return to my room and freshen up before heading off to the airport. I travel weekly for business and this was the best Marriott experience I have ever had. Bravo to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AtlantaDoll
<Content>Loved it!!! My husband and I recently spent 10 nights in 4 different Marriotts in Germany and Austria. They were all great, but this one was the star. Location, accommodations, and service were all top-notch. We got a fabulous deal on Priceline, too. (Don't be fooled by the fact that I gave this place a four-circle rating instead of a five; I'm a teacher, and I never give anyone a perfect score.)  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tarzanldy
<Content>Home Away From Home We stayed in this new addition to Potsdamer Platz for an entire week. The service could not have been better. The Executive Lounge was worth the extra money with breakfast snacks and drinks continually available, especially welcome during the winter snow that hit the city. The location is the best within easy walking distance to the Holocaust Memorial and Brandenburg Gate. An American type three story mall with shops and cafes is across the street. Marriott does not disappoint.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been much better Maybe i simply expected too much, but i stayed 4 nights in this hotel on behalf of the reward program. This reward in reality made me feel like a 2nd class guest. I always thought a company should treat their loyal customers with excellence. Too bad, for them !  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>banksma007
<Content>Standard Marriott, Great Location My wife and I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Berlin Marriott. It is what you would expect from an American hotel, good size rooms (for European standards, above par), clean, with all the amenities you need. The location is perfect for exploring the sights of Berlin, the Brandenberg Gate, Reichstag, Checkpoint Charlie, etc. You shouldn't expect 5 star service, but that is standard for a reasonably priced Marriott hotel. A perfect place to stay for a weekend in Berlin.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>patienttraveler
<Content>They exceeded my expectations Mine was a four day stay and I used the restaurant and the health club several times. These are my impressions:~ The location was as good as the best review that preceded this one鈥?The hotel is in a good walking neighborhood, close to the old eastern sector, the parks and the Sony center. ~ The room was larger, great bed, decent sized closet and bath. All of the furnishings are still new and fresh. My room had a good work station, expensive internet access and was generally a well lit all around. ~The staff was polished, multi-lingual cheerful and effective. The concierge was creative in his restaurant suggestions and accurate in his descriptions of neighborhoods and menus.~ The restaurant provided a good but slightly expensive breakfast buffet. I attended a business diner there as well and all 6 of the dishes served to our party were well presented and well received. The wine list was a positive illustration of management's focus on their customer. Good value but expense account ranges.~ The health club was clean, well equipped and sterile in a Germanic sort of way. The pool was smallish but I thought the temperature was just right for swimming laps.My overall take is that this is one of Marriott鈥檚 better run operations. The plant is new and fresh, the room was market priced and the staff smart and efficient. If I鈥檓 in Berlin again, they will get a another shot at my business.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tute
<Content>perfect location Marriot is brand new and adjacent to Potsdamer Platz subway where there is a mall with a wide selection of shops and restaurants and cinemas. We stayed 6 days with our son and it was one of the few that would allow 3 people in a room with two beds which is typical for American hotels. Breakfast is spectacular- every morning the usual ham, pancakes, waffles,bacon,sausage, scrambled eggs, home fries- but in addition champagne, 4 kinds of juice, a full selection of great teas, an assortment of gourmet cheeses with some of the best full grain breads I have ever tasted. Scandinavian style selection of sliced salami, prosciutto, smoked salmon, pepper encrusted smoked fish. A whole section with three kinds of yogurt and fruits, nuts, muesli to put in it. The best was the boiled white sausage and handmade soft pretzels with homemade honey mustard. I know the chef made it because I asked where I could buy some. Good selection of newspapers in English and German. The wait staff was very efficient and attentive. The location was perfect. We walked to the Reichstag at night to climb the dome and the subway line goes directly to Potsdam where the Sans Souci castle complex is spectacular.The beds were comfortable but the best part was that the soundproofing is excellent. The doors are extra thick. I never heard anyone shutting their door down the hall or using the shower in the morning. I have never had that experience in any other hotel. Wake up calls are personal- not automated.The only sour note was the outrageous phone and internet charges. $3 euro/minute (local or international)which escalates to $5 E/ minute after 3 minutes. Internet access is 20 E/ day, noon- noon or 7E/ hour. It makes you feel like a stupid patsy which is not how you should feel when you are paying $200/night.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sweeney1
<Content>Great but not perfect. But What is? Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in September. It is in a great location and is spotless. The rooms are not full of character because it is a new hotel but they are very comfortable with all the usual facilities. The bathroom is great. Personally I do really appreciate tea/coffee making facilities in the bedroom and was disappointed that they didn't offer them. It seems a bit odd to have to order room service when you just fancy a cup of tea and a biscuit!The staff were very polite and the food (especially breakfast) was good. The only slight problem I has with the hotel was the rather obvious orders they had to maximise sales at all times. It seemed a bit false. I suppose this is because it is owned by a US company and this is a style of operation that some US companies have. I'm not anti US! I love the US but the commission culture produces this style of service.Example. I ordered room service and rather than saying is there anything else I can help/get you which would have sounded fine they said are you sure you wouldn't like a starter with that. How about the Soup. This also happened in the restaurant when they recommended the most expensive dishes. Only a small point and I'd still give it 5 stars but being an old fashioned sort I felt it was a bit too in your face.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MLEdinburgh
<Content>Nice hotel, but not 5 star Stayed at the marriott for 3 nights in September, the hotel is nice and location is perfect, but lacks those small things that makes it a true 5 star hotel. The staff were friendly and very helpfull, we had booked a deal were we had bike hire and picnic included which was great as the beautiful Tiegarten was a couple of hundred metres from the hotel. Rooms were typical of most marriotts, all clean and still had that new look, we had a corner room which had great views of east berlin and potsdamer platz.Would recommeded hotel if you want a good standard of accommodation in potsdamer platz with easy walking distance to most of the main attractions and U  S bahn.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wch10
<Content>Great Hotel       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>Hotel needs a new General Manager - ASAP I write this as I sit in my uncleaned room at the Berlin Marriott, having been treated rudely by front desk staff and never had the mini bar refilled.hmmm.Fine location (next to Potsdamer Platz and the new Sony Center with movies, chain restaurants etc.). A short walk to the Brandenburg Gate and Reichstag.OK rooms. Standard issue Marriott with better than average comforters. Good food for a conference of the size I attended.Issue: Despite my request for a 3 night stay Marriott only booked me for 2. I only found this out by being locked out of my room (no note, no phone call). Interaction with front desk staff included a guest is presumed guilty unless they prove otherwise' mentality along with a rather hostile request for my reservation form before the staff member would deign to help me. I had to explain that I needed a room key before I could produce said reservation form. Once I did (thankfully I kept the document) my stay was extended but the room was never cleaned although I did tell the housekeeping staff I was staying. sigh. Just like home. No refill on the mini bar since Monday - also like home I suppose.Interestingly enough I was there attending a pan European TRAVEL INDUSTRY conference where one of the speakers was the head of Brand Marketing for Marriott in Europe. Apparently no one thought to notify the staff....  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>amyAtlantaGA
<Content>Mariott a treat This hotel is in the best location in Berlin, if you're not looking to stay in the swinging part of town. Many of the tourist sites are in walkable distance (Reichstad, holocost museum), very quiet and access to lots of public transportation (buses, subways). The hotel was marvelous, beautifully decorated and gracious staff. And we only paid 99 Euros a night for a large two bed room. Don't know if they still have the deal but definitely a steal. We had to prepay it 45 days in advance so it is only good if you're planning way in advance.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beenthereonce
<Content>Enjoyed the Berlin Marriott We stayed at the Berlin Marriott Hotel which was really a pleasant stay. The Hotel was quite new and located at a very quiet Plaze, but very central to a lot of sightseeing. We upgraded our room to the Concierge Floor for 50 Euro a night which was more than what it worth. It's particularly a bargain if travelling with children. It included breakfast, afternoon appetizers and evening desserts. Guests also gain access to internet (3 computers in a separate room inside the concierge lounge) and beverage/beer from morning til midnight. My 2 kids drank a lot of juice/soda/bottled water during the stay which will cost 2.5 Euro+ from the minibar.The room was spacious and very comfortable. The beds were super. Swimming pool is a bit small but nice, fitness room is also nice. The fitness/swimming room is always stocked with bathrobe, slippers, towels and a full bowl of apples. Also, security is good, one would need a card key to operate the elevator.The only complaint I had was we are a family of four and we checked in as a family of four. First night I had to call housekeeping for one more set of towels and more shampoo/conditioner. But everytime they came to clean the room, they only re-stocked for three even though I requested four, which is a bit annoying, but it's minor.Overall, we were very pleased with the stay and would highly recommend it. The Hotel situated at the borderline between the Old East and West Berlin. Metro is only a 7 minutes walk away. One even passed by a portion of the Old Berlin Wall on the route to the metro. Bus 200, which is kind of like a budget tour bus which made stops at most of the tourist attraction, is only a block from the metro station. Potsdamer Platz/Sony Center is nearby.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neugermany
<Content>Great!       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Readeverynight
<Content>High Marks for the Mariott Berlin My wife and I spent three nights at the Berlin Mariott, and we could not have been more pleased. The hotel is situated in Potsdamer Platz, an area dominated by modern architecture. The hotel is near the Brandenberg Gate and just south of the Tiergarten. This area is adjacent to a large museum complex and to the building housing the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. Our room was well appointed and immaculate. The hotel restaurant was among the best we discovered during our nine-day stay in the city. We were pleased with the facilities, and we were most favorably impressed by the entire staff. This location is near public transportation hubs and is within easy walking distance of several city landmarks.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Francois_Godard
<Content>Rip-off phone system The place was relatively nice, though you still find the usual tacky taste in bathroom marbles and wall-to-wall floor carpeting typical of hotel chains. Swimming pool is very small, water is too cold and it is difficult to manage your way in unless you bring your own beach sandals.My main issue was with the phone system. As usual in that sort of place the call rates are up to 20 times those you'd pay at home with a competitive provider (say, one euro per minute instead of five cents, for international calls). But worse: their phone system blocks you from using prepaid phone cards, and they dare telling you that it is for your own protection against high charges!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice hotel, prime location, friendly staff   showReview(3309168, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ukclaire
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(2964844, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eurotraveler032003
<Content>Great Location and a Great Hotel   showReview(2807426, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection In Berlin   showReview(2578234, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(2461206, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great New Hotel in Potsdam Platz   showReview(2192680, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Berlin Marriott is a great choice.   showReview(2183955, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent place   showReview(2142531, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Marriot Hotel, Berlin   showReview(1769295, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanBerlin
<Content>Still in its pre-opening phase, but already very good   showReview(1614622, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tzacharias
<Content>Grossz眉giges Hotelzimmer   showReview(22353856, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Madonna kONZERT   showReview(22957010, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>balrog
<Content>Unpers枚nlicher Komfort   showReview(19770477, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Luxushotel zum Superpreis   showReview(20551860, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bello e in ottima posizione   showReview(19642852, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giacomo_C
<Content>luxe et bien situ茅       chambre  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nolamers
<Content>Marriott Hotel Berlin   showReview(19102594, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Werdauer
<Content>Im Mariott Berlin ( Potsdamer Platz )wird Kinderlieb gro脽geschrieben !!!   showReview(18271352, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bel hotel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(18533622, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un excellent h么tel   showReview(18533621, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit zu empfehlen   showReview(17440996, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pyram
<Content>Luxe        chambre  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(17440994, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Haut de gamme   showReview(17440995, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>australienfan
<Content>Marriott immer wieder gerne   showReview(16648628, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel di buon livello   showReview(16607641, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mittendrin statt nur dabei...   showReview(16607637, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(16607639, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodo   showReview(16607640, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confort et 茅l茅gance   showReview(16607638, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assolutamente da provare   showReview(15572729, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wow, was f眉r ein Hotel!   showReview(15572728, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>complessivamente soddisfatto   showReview(14737630, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姘椼伀鍏ャ倞銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19168362, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>splendido per tipologia e qualit脿   showReview(11303266, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11303265, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich komme wieder!   showReview(11303264, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11303263, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nur eine Klage   showReview(11666368, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mon adresse 脿 berlin   showReview(11666369, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>candoo_7
<Content>Ein komfortables Marriott am Potsdamer Platz   showReview(8590670, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>steril-anonym   showReview(11455380, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JoCoiner
<Content>super   showReview(8373401, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11433119, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2. Aufenthalt   showReview(11433118, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage   showReview(11433115, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fantastico per tipologia e posizione   showReview(11403564, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello, pulito, gentili, strategica posizione   showReview(11403563, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3 sch枚ne Tage   showReview(11399322, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Streuner
<Content>Mittendrin, gro脽artiges Fr眉hst眉ck, sch枚nes Zimmer   showReview(6917216, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娆犵偣銇仾銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19160351, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in bester Lage Berlins   showReview(11345399, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11345398, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rundum zufrieden   showReview(11345397, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer zu empfehlen; idealer Ausgangspunkt f眉r Stadtbesichtigung   showReview(11345396, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11345395, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ver_ro
<Content>Excelente!!   showReview(5765271, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y avons pass茅 un tr猫s bon moment   showReview(11345394, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pisces_X
<Content>Sollte man sich g枚nnen !   showReview(5317698, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

