<Author>mwillan
<Content>If i could live in a hotel, I would live her WOW WOW WOW. This is all that can really be said about this hotel. The hotel is wonderful.The staff are friendly and are willing to go that extra mile to make your experiance wonderfull. The rooms are huge and decorated in a very luxurious style. The bathroom has both a shower and bath and incorporates a quicrky screen to allow full view from the bedroom.We also have room service breakfast in the morning and my girlfriend was so impressed by the orange french toast that she know makes it herself on specil occasions.The only drawback is the location which is a little way outside of Downtown Seattle but with the trolley (used to be known as the South Lanke Union Trolley or SLUT) outside you are only 5 mins away.Amazing stay and would certainly stay again  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>profwho
<Content>Exceptionally nice Excellent stay. Very nice room, very good rate. Lovely bathroom. STaff was exceptionally good. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Freiert
<Content>Great Stay, wonderful hotel The Pan Pacific was one of the best hotels I've stayed at, and had qualities of much more expensive hotels (at least at the price I paid). Rooms were gorgeous, beds were comfortable, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Granted I stayed at this hotel in '07 but I'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Travellingcutie
<Content>Beautiful hotel My husband and I spent one night here, on a Saturday night in December. We've heard good things about the hotel, so when we got a $110/night rate through Travelzoo, we thought we'd give it a shot.We easily found street parking and walked a couple of blocks to the hotel. The lobby was very pretty, both the general design and the Christmas decorations. Check-in was very easy. The person at the check-in desk was helpful, making sure we had parking, seeing if we needed to make any dinner reservations, and asking if we'd like a morning paper.Our room was located on the 7th floor, which is about halfway up in the building. We had a view of Lake Union, which wasn't anything spectacular, but pretty nice. The weather in Seattle in December is a little too gloomy to do much gazing out the window anyway. We had a deluxe room, with a queen bed,which is the lowest on the totem pole for this hotel. The room was a good size with a desk, chaise lounge, bed and dresser. The TV was a large one, with many stations to watch.The bathroom is huge with gorgeous marble counters, a beautiful tiled shower and the most amazing soaking tub. The toiletries in the room were nice, and even included bath gel, which I put to good use in the big tub.As others have mentioned, the bathroom is open to the bedroom, but has sliding covers for the large window opening between the two rooms. This makes the room seem even larger, which is nice, but it also means that the bathroom is very unsoundproof, which is not my favorite thing on a romantic weekend getaway. The room also had a coffee pot and coffee, which is always nice. The mini-bar fridge has a small space that's for personal use, which I thought was a good touch.We also took advantage of the full-sized grocery store downstairs, picking up some snacks and drinks there to have up in our room.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Resort_Employee
<Content>Thoroughly Impressed! I was a bit weary of staying at the Pan Pacific Seattle after staying at the Pan in Vancouver, Canada (didn't enjoy that stay), but this hotel was amazing.Pan Pacific Seattle was running a 24 hour sale and I managed to secure a reservation on an amazingly low rate. I assumed having booked such a low rate, I would be assigned a basic room and would receive basic service - not the case!The Pan had my family picked up in a Town Car and driven to the hotel. Check-in was a breeze and we were assigned a Deluxe Room on a higher floor, facing the Space Needle. The room was neutral in decor but was super functional and fresh. The bahroom was particularly nice.The only things I didn't enjoy about this hotel were the location (slightly removed from downtown), lack of a DVD player in-room and bland (but expensive) breakfast.I usually stay at the W, Westin or Hotel 1000 in Seattle but I think the Pan has my vote next time I'm in town.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WSNCtraveler
<Content>Lovely eclectic hotel The Pan Pacific Seattle is a very nice hotel. The lobby has great decor, the front staff is very helpful, and the location was ideal. We like to walk, so the distance from the sites was not a problem. Our room was beautiful, loved the shower, toiletries, and comfortable Hypnos bed. Now I want a hypnos bed too! The linens and layout of the room were great, and we had a terrific view. Really we could not have asked for more. When we were leaving for the airport, we wanted to weigh our baggage, and the front desk was very obliging to let us borrow their handy scale to weigh our bags. I would definitely go back and I recommend the hotel highly.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meryl26
<Content>Wonderful Experience What you get with this hotel is well above the price you pay. The lobby is very chic and upscale. The room was spacious, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was amazing. The gym across the courtyard is one of the nicest hotel gyms I have seen. The location is very good- the immediate blocks around the hotel seem a bit dead, but you can reach many great neighborhoods, restaurants and attractions easily by foot. It was also very convenient to have a Whole Foods in the building! Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Seattle. It is feels luxurious, while still being reasonably priced.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RSB_8
<Content>Great hotel  New hotel located above Whole Foods Market and has direct access to next door Starbucks!Great room and view, very hi-tech.The bath was very nice, deep tub- the shower did not have any problems as another posting noted.The door to the bathroom is a slider - a little awkward to closeThe location is close to the Space Needle and Music Experience.Conveniently off the highway and you can find on street-free parking on the weekend near the hotel.The staff was very helpful, I had a cold and my husband asked for some hot water- they gave us a teapot full of hot water.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>slaughterbeach
<Content>Great experience The hotel was great. The location above a Whole Foods is terrific. It is a bit of a walk to the waterfront but Seattle is safe and clean. Room was clean and the soaking tub very nice. Sheets, towels and room above average for a good value. Also quiet and good service.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ARLynn
<Content>Luxury and convenience Upon our arrival, we explained we were on an anniversary trip and our room was upgraded to a king size bed on the 11th floor. We had a good view of Lake Union. Check-in went smoothly and staff was very polite and provided us with a map of the area and had suggestions for dining. Even offered to assist in reservations for dining.  Bed was very comfortable. Linens and towels top grade. In room hairdryer and steamer for wrinkled clothes. Room had an Asian and contemporary feel. Had read some reviews that bathroom did not have door- It DOES- it is a pocket door and provides plenty of privacy.In room coffee pot,cups,wine and champagne glasses provided. Mini-bar very well stocked-expensive as could be expected. A diet coke was $4.00 and there is not much room for storage of personal items in the refrigerator. All items are electronically monitored and staff explained this upon check in. Refrigerator could be emptied for a $35.00 fee. Needless to say,we made due with the small space we had and brought in a few sodas.Also, not used to having to call for ice. No ice machine on floor. But, ice was brought up at no charge. Main area attractions, Space Needle, Pike Market. Nordstroms...all within walking distance .Area felt safe. Public transit within 3 blocks and there is a ride free zone which encompasses most of the downtown area. Found excellent dining at 13 Coins just a few blocks away. Also, great Whole Foods store adjacent to Hotel that has food bars and is great for an inexpensive meal,beer,wine and bakery. Upon our departure, staff helped with early check-out and made sure a taxi was available for our early morning departure. Overall, this was a very pleasant and enjoyable stay. Reasonable price and amenities that you would expect with a hotel of this caliber.  Would stay again and highly recommend this property .  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>girl44psu
<Content>Perfect for Us The Pan Pacific hotel was perfect for the two of us. Upon check in, the hotel staff sent us fruit and water since it was our anniversary, which we agreed was very thoughtful and refreshing since we'd been traveling all day. If you imagine a triangle, the hotel is one point of the triangle, the Space Needle is another point (roughly 10-15 mins on foot), and the city the third point (15 mins on foot). So, we felt this hotel was in a great location to see all of Seattle. Our room faced Lake Union so it had a decent view and our camera got some great shots of the lake and also a small view of the Space Needle. Everything was within walking distance and the hills were irrelevant, but then again we're pretty well-traveled and used to walking on foot. Our room was on the 8th floor and construction noise was not noticeable at all, even though we were almost on even surfaces with the building being built across Denny Way. Also, we did not hear any traffic below except the occasional police car going by. The hotel staff at this hotel are exceptional. They answered all our questions, helped with directions, helped with taxis, helped suggest GREAT places to eat--and I mean GREAT! The hotel decor is very modern but very comfortable and classy. The housekeeping staff were prompt and sufficient. The hotel bar was definitely adequate in size. The Whole Foods market down below was perfect for our breakfast. They have a small bar area for hot breakfast they prepare while you wait. The hours of the market were great, we were out all day and coming back late at night for juice and snacks was perfect, even on Sunday evening. Also, they have great coffee at Whole Foods. I'd recommend WF before the Starbucks next to the hotel, but the staff at SB were also very friendly and made good coffee. My husband and I ate at Tutta Bella next to the hotel and the pizza was delicious!! Every time we left the hotel we could smell this pizza, so we felt we had to try it. The hotel does have small fridges in the room--even though they're hidden in the photos you may see because they look like a cabinet. The fridge does have room for your own personal groceries, the largest item we got in the fridge was a half gallon of orange juice, so you could probably get a few smaller items in without problem. In all, we would definitely recommend this hotel to all travelers and we ourselves cannot wait to return again. If you feel like climbing a hill, climb Denny Way outside the hotel about 5-6 blocks to Yale North Ave. and try Espresso Vivace....absolutely was the best coffee we had while in Seattle (or perhaps ever) and unfortunately we found this coffee shop on our last day in the city. Seattle was perfect with Pan Pacific!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WendyWal
<Content>Can't say enough good things This is the second time we've stayed at the Pan Pacific recently. It's one of our very favorites. Even the desk staff is dressed impeccably, the rooms are great and so is the location, right above Whole Foods (good for picking up snacks and drinks). There's a terrific pizza place (very authentic Italian) in the same plaza as the hotel. The rooms are very light and airy and the sliding window between the bathroom and the bedroom is wonderful. I will always stay here when I go to Seattle. Based on the high quality of the hotel, the price is very reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>colbysophie
<Content>Exceptional We liked everything about this hotel.The staff was very friendly and professional. The staff definitely goes out of their way to assist you. Any requests that we phoned in to the front desk were accomodated within 2-5 minutes.We enjoyed the room decor and quality. Top quality bed linens and toiletries. I appreciated the fact that they allow you some space in the mini-bar (many hotels are almost silly about the mini-bars.....touch that soda and the sensor will charge you...so the personal space was a nice touch). The location was just fine for us. You are within walking distance to the Pier, Pioneer Square, Space Needle and other fun areas.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smoot77
<Content>Brilliant Hotel Brilliant Hotel, The rooms a very comfortable nice big bed, big window letting in afternoon sun. Desk, complimentary internet, two phones means it is very good for the business traveller. Rooms are modern and up beat, really good colour scheme. Bathroom is great, deep bath, modern shower but above all nice big fluffy towels and gowns. TV is LCD with great use of internet radio ect. The Vidal Spa is also well worth a visit, give yourself at least two hours, half an hour either side of an hour appointment. Gym is very good, modern could use a bit more cardio equipment but no where near complaining. Staff have been very good especially the door men who gave me some great dinner ideas and helped me out big time. The lounge area is very nice with fire place ect.Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>joejoejoejoejoe
<Content>Location, location, location. Snappy looking hotel and polite, attentive staff. But the location sis pretty horrible. Anything worth doing is a 15 to 30-minute walk (uphill.) Also, a tip to hotel management: A first time visitor to your hotel should be given a room with better view so that they are more likely to return.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	4	3	1	4	

<Author>pdxtravel81
<Content>Nice and New - Strange Location Wanted to try this relatively new hotel for business travel. We usually stay at the Westin or Sheraton, but were advised to give the Pan Pacific a try. The location could be better to downtown restaurants and attractions, but the first-floor bar was nice and had great bartenders - super friendly. Rooms are nice (good views toward Space Needle), and although the bathroom was great, it had sliding doors that opened up to the beds - This was kind of odd considering that my colleague and I were sharing a room... Would've been alright if I was with my girlfriend... I don't know if all of the rooms are like this, but if so, I would recommend not sharing a room with a co-worker or business colleague. If we stay there again, I will fork out the extra money to get my own room.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>BeanyB
<Content>Lovely start to our holiday Stayed here for 3 night at the beginning of a tour round the north west of US. The bathroom thing with the sliding doors into the bedroom is a bit weird but its not too bad. We only shut the sliding doors when we went to the toilet. Quite nice views. Its a bit away from main downtown Seattle but not too far. We always walked it and it wasn't a problem vene in the pouring rain.Organic supermarket downstairs is a bit pricey but good for buying breakfast etc. Interesting to walk round as it sells some random stuff!I would defo stay here again. Plus I have heard lots of good things about the other pan pacifics.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>littlejet
<Content>Think I Died and Went to Heaven The Pan Pacific is now my newest, most favorite hotel! I LOVED this place and I've traveled all over the world.The most pleasant thing about the PanPacific is the design - it is sleek, Asian-inspired, elegant and it is only 2 years old so it has the feeling of being new. The place just oozed relaxation and comfort. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, not pretentious at all. Many of the other guests were international travelers, many from Asia, some from Africa. The room was wonderful - I can't say enough about the great design. The bed was heavenly. The flat screen TV was amazing. Wifi worked great with no problem at all. There was a Japanese-like screen that separated the bathroom from the bedroom that could be opened up, giving the room a much more spacious feel than most hotel rooms.The room could have been bigger in size, but it is an urban hotel and thus one can't expect lots of space with a regular, non-suite room.The tub and shower in the bathrooms were fabulous. Endless amounts of hot water, great water pressure.The room included a safe and a mini-bar. We also had a nice sized desk and a chaise lounge.The room service food was delicious! We had 3 breakfasts and a dinner through room service. (We got a room deal that included room service breakfast for $20/adult/day.) Some of the best food we ate in Seattle was room service at this hotel!But the piece de resistance was the Vida Spa. I love spas and I usually get a massage wherever I travel, plus regular visits to the spa at home. The Vida was divine! I have truly never been to a spa like this before. The room that you wait for your masseuse in is dark, quiet, and so dramatic- there is a long rectangular window with a line of flames flaring upwards. All the chairs seat facing the fire. And the white leather chair I sat upon was one of the most comfortable chairs I've ever sat in. I relaxed so much before I even saw my masseuse!The massage I had was outstanding! For the life of me I can't remember her name but she was quite young, petite, with shoulder-length dark hair, slender. The lady at the front desk accomodated a last minute request to change the time of my massage. My visit to this spa really added so much to the overall stay at the Pan Pacific that I would *highly recommend* going, even if you are not the type that usually goes to the spa. Trust me - this is not to be missed.My husband and I had our 3 year old son with us. The hotel is not the kind of place one would normally take a young child as it doesn't cater to kids. But the staff were extremely friendly and sweet towards him. Also, our son loved the hotel because he loves elevators and escalators. There are two public outdoor escalators in the plaza just outside the hotel. Also in the plaza is a Starbucks coffee, Whole Foods, an upscale pet store, a tobacco/cigar store, and more.There was so much to see and do in Seattle that we will definitely come back and will definitely stay at the Pan Pacific. Even though it is a little further away from downtown than many of the other hotels, it is definitely worth the extra walk or short cab ride.This hotel has set a new standard for me for hotels in this price range. I absolutely loved it. My husband, who is thrifty and cost-conscious, was initially uncertain about staying here but did it because I was so eager about it. Even he enjoyed himself and is willing to go back and spend the extra money for all the amenities and overall luxury experience.If I was Howard Hughs and looking to spend the rest of my days in a hotel room, this would *definitely* be the place that I would stay!!!!Love it, love, love it!!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Karen7
<Content>Ultra chic and friendly hotel We loved our stay at the Pan Pac SeattleThe room and hotel decor was stunning - on a quick overnight in a standard room we enjoyed the bath panels drawing back into the bedroom as a stylish touch, and on returning 2 weeks later we had an executive suite with a balcony and the most fabulous bathroom ever! We lounged in the bath in the dark watching the lights go on across the city - wonderfulAll the staff were really friendly, rushing to open cab doors, the front door, handle our bags and help out whenever possible. This has instantly become our favourite chain of hotels and we can't wait for more to be opened The area is under development though we never suffered any construction noise, facing the condos out front instead. It's about a 5 block walk to the heart of downtown shopping, or to the Space Needle (the restaurant up there is fabulous, and try Nordstrom downtown for great shopping)A lovely stay - thank you!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kate+Peter
<Content>OK but Noisy! This hotel is in a rather strange location being newly built in the part of Seattle thats really still a huge building site, it'll probably be great in 5 years time!The hotel itself is very slick and the decor is typical pan-asian muted browns and creams with very nice bathrooms and we had a great view of the Sky Needle from our room. On the downside, the construction sites in front and to the side of the hotel start at 7am (!) so no lie-in there and both of us thought the bed was very soft and uncomfortable.Thw Whole Foods market below the hotel is a great convenience and the pizza place next door is excellent.Over all stay here if you don't mind the construction noise and a bit of a walk to the main sites.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	5	2	2	3	

<Author>logcolb
<Content>A terrific hotel in Seattle The Pan Pacific Hotel in Seattle is a wonderful hotel and well worth staying at in Seattle. My only complaint is that the hotel could be a little more centrally located to the downtown core, however, everywhere was an easy walk and public transit is just outside the door and can take you anywhere. The hotel, itself, is brand new and extremely comfortable and tastefully done. The lobby and common areas are very well done, including a fireplace in the lounge area. All of the furnishings and decor are extremely tasteful, and well beyond the quality of your typical upscale chains. The rooms are very comfortable and well done, again, quite a cut above your upscale brand name chains. Nothing but great things to say about the hotel. It is well worth staying here if you need a hotel in downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoulouNy
<Content>great hotel My husband and I were in for a special treat at the pan pacific in seattle. A small hotel but worth staying there because of the special treatment from the employees. We especially loved two of the waiters of the restaurant, Roy and Doug. These guys are gems and would make us return just to visit them. They made us feel that we were the only ones staying there because of their friendly treatment. Management should make better mention of the restaurant. The only reference that there is a restaurant is a little sign that many people would miss. Also the women at the front desk should look up from their computers once in a while. New York  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>blesstheweather
<Content>Difficult to Fault! Changed to this hotel after walking out of the Westin due to its shabby and grubby state.We enjoyed a beautiful suite up on the 11th floor, which was bright, spotlessly clean and spacious. Full height windows and balcony added to the great views. Whilst not in the absolute heart of town, it was nevertheless accessible to downtown and main sites e.g. Space Needle, Music Experience Project etc. Staff were at all times courteous and professional. Difficult to fault!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>No_RUTH
<Content>Great service, location, free internet, but bathroom is a bit odd       swing out mirror with magnifier on one side  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grinadam
<Content>modern hotel - great! The Pan Pacific was a wonderful place to stay. I landed extremely early and the front desk had no problem checking me into a fantastic suite with a great view even though it was 10:45 in the morning. I really liked the decor and atmosphere. The location is a bit north of downtown but is perfect if you've got a rental car. I was very impressed with the room- just fantastic and the most comfortable bed i've ever slept on.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NorthwestHikerbiker
<Content>We will be back! My two sons and I recently stayed four nights at the Pan Pacific. It is a very stylish, classy hotel with an extrememly professional staff. We booked a larger corner room so we had plenty of space. Whole Foods Market right below was so wonderful for my two teenage boys. They were constantly going down there to grab sushi, pizza, bagels, salad,etc. I enjoyed the new Starbucks next door. The gym was large and well-equipped and we enjoyed the large whirlpool one night. The king bed was very comfortable and my kids even said that the pull out couch was fine. If you have a very modest family, the sliding bathroom wall may bother you. I liked that I could take a bath and watch TV at the same time. We also appreciated the free internet with our laptop each evening. The walk to the main shopping is easy--about 10 minutes. It is about a fifteen minute walk to Pikes Market. We walked everywhere and never felt unsafe around the Pan Pacific. Yes, there is some construction going on across the street, but it really wasn't an issue. I have previously stayed at the Andra and the Sheraton while visiting Seattle. I liked those hotels, as well, but I plan on returning to the Pan Pacific for my future visits.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScottN
<Content>Was disappointed in location and hygiene Based on the other reviews, I had high expectations on the hotel and location. On both I was disappointed, and I don't consider myself too picky about hotels.The hotel is extremely hard to find. To find the hotel, it would have been helpful to know that I should drive into the Westlake condo complex rather than look for a hotel entrance. Don't rely on GoogleMaps, it has the hotel in the wrong place. The parking ($28/day plus tips for valet) seemed expensive. There is self-parking next to the Whole Foods right on Westlake Ave., but the front desk told me valet parking was actually more reasonable for guests.The hotel is outside of actual downtown, about a 15-20 minute walk to Nordstrom/Macy's in a classy multi-use condo complex with a Whole Foods right below it (great for snacks). This area appears to be transforming into a new upscale high-rise residential area, but there is little visitor activity in this vicinity. There is a LOT of construction going on, with one high rise right across the street going up. Perhaps all the construction is reflected in the daily rate of the hotel, but the thick glass keeps out most of the noise. A lot of other Seattle hotels are much closer if you will be going to the Farmer's Market or shopping as a tourist.That said, there is a GREAT Italian restaurant recommended by the hotel about 2 blocks away called Barolo. Absolutely outstanding food and service, and the best food we had in Seattle during our stay.Our modern room was enormous and a gorgeous Japanese-onsen (spa) inspired bathroom. Windows in the bathroom were huge, but of clear glass (even in the toilet room!) so we kept the blinds tilted or closed for privacy. Separate shower and bathtub. Shoji-inspired doors slide open if you want to make the bathroom part of the bedroom. Beds were decent, but not of Westin or Four Seasons caliber. There were a LOT of b-i-g stains and dirt on the carpeting, something I would not expect of a luxury hotel. Because there are two handles placed right next to each other on the very edge of the wardrobe closet doors, I smashed my fingers in the handles daily. Strangely, there was only one upholstered chair in our room, so one person always had to sit on the bed.Service at the front desk and valet was caring, prompt and courteous. The dramatic, clean-lined modern lobby is of the latest urban design using a lot of zebra wood paneling.The hotel serves breakfast in the AM for its guests in the bar. Price for a luxury hotel is not unreasonable, about $15 for an egg omelette, coffee extra. This Whole Foods also serves breakfast: you order at cashier and they bring the food to you. Very inexpensive, in fact a lot of the construction workers across the street come by for the coffee and healthy food.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>Rachoo78
<Content>Parents of a 2-year-old The Pan Pacific Seattle was gorgeous and the atmosphere was great....the only thing wrong is they do not provide the basic of necessities. They do not provide a fridge or microwave or ice. Having a 2-year-old, we needed the fridge to store her milk. They had a mini-bar and if you move anything, it's all electronic and you will be immediately charged. If you want to have the fridge cleared out for you to use, it will cost you $35. We did talk to the front desk and they supposedly removed our mini bar charges because we put everything back, but I will be sure to check our bank statement. Also, we needed to do laundry. Our 2-year-old was quite messy in her clothes. It would've cost an arm and a leg to have them do her laundry. I would've loved to have a coin-operated laundry somewhere on the premises. The Whole Foods Grocery Store was very convenient down below. The staff was friendly and helpful too. We stayed there for business, but I would not recommend for children. It was a nightmare trying to keep our daughter from destroying everything.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KeldiKlutz
<Content>Form over Functgion This hotel is a perfect demonstration of the fact that different people value different things. If you love modern, contemporary design and architecture, Asian flair, unique room layout, then you may well love this hotel.However, if you value function over form, you may be very disappointed.If you want to call Service One (i.e., the concierge button) for a bucket of ice, and don't mind waiting 15 to 30 minutes for your ice, this is your place. If you would rather walk down the hall and have the bucket of ice in 2 or 3 minutes, you will be disappointed.If you want to walk out and get into your car and drive away, stay elsewhere. If you don't mind $28 per night for parking, plus a valet tip, plus 10 to 30 minute wait to get your car, this place will be fine.The room is about the same size as any major-chain hotel, but the layout is quite different. The bathroom is much larger, with a separate tub and really nice shower. The toilet is unique: half flush and full flush buttons (made by Caroma in Australia, http://www.caroma.com.au/index.html). The shower head is a great Kohler unit that supplies a soft, wide, drench.The bathroom is separated from the bedroom by sliding screens: open is nearly useless, as the toilet is visible from the bed. Closed is ok, but the bathroom is not really separate from the bedroom, but more like a toilet with a bed sheet for privacy.This form/function conflict appears numerous places: a wonderful, round, retro clock that goes tick-tock, but uses glow-in-the-dark hands that, about 10 minutes after the lights go out, cannot be read. Wake up in the middle of the night and you cannot tell what time it is.The bedroom has a contemporary work desk, ergonomic chair (entirely out-of-place with its all-plastic construction), tiny round end table, and chaise sofa suitable for one person. We had room service dinner one night, and there was no place to simply sit and eat. Tray on the desk, service on the chaise/chair/bed. Very uncomfortable. Oh, and they forgot to give us any type of table napkins with dinner -- we could have called down again, but used face clothes from the bathroom rather than wait for them to bring napkins while our food got cold.Finally, the service one button on the phone gets prompt answering, but very erratic response. I was here with several acquaintances in other rooms, and we all had ice buckets take from 10 minutes to 1 hour, car valet service from 10 minutes to 30 minutes, etc.Summary: if you value form over function, you may love this place. If not, you may hate it. We're leaving 4 days early for lodging more to our taste.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Jen_Min
<Content>Best Hotel Ever!!! This is the nicest hotel I have ever stay in. All the staffs are great and friendly. The room is clean and has great interior! The best part of the hotel is the Whole food market underneath it. It sells all kinds of organic products and yummy cooked food buffet. If I'm going back to Seattle again, this is the choice of hotel again for sure!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SavvyShushka
<Content>Wonderful Experience - Minimalist Luxury Due to high season in Seattle we had to stay at two hotels during our recent week there. We first checked into the Westin Seattle for a couple of days and then the Pan Pacific Seattle. (In my opinion the Westin hotel is in desperate need of renovations, although their Fitness Center was nice. It was NOT 4 star, it was tourist class and we were paying high dollar to stay there). Once we checked in at Pan Pacific, we were relieved to find ourselves in a true 4-star hotel. The property is beautifuly decorated, the staff are friendly and attentive, and every detail of the hotel, down to the room amenities, made my family feel truly pampered. There appear to be a handful of hotels in Seattle that offer this level of service (El Goucho, Hotel Andra, Fairmont, to name a few) but because of the Pan Pacific experience we have found our place to call home when we are in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZiggyIreland
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel. Great location, within walking distance to the space needle and downtown shopping areas. Staff were lovely and very helpful. Nice bar. Rooms were good size, very modern and good size bathroom. would definitely recommend!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ReviewDC
<Content>Great hotel located between Space Needle and Pike Street Market My husband and I stayed at this hotel for two nights after our Alaskan curise. We got off the curise around 8:30 AM and called the hotel to see if we can check in early or leave our luggages with them. Since the hotel was toally booked, we were not able to get into our room until about 3:30. But we left our luggages in the hotel and they were delivered to our room.The hotel is very nicely decorated with a hint of Asian influence. Our room has partial view of the Lake Union and we could see Space Needle if we stand really close to the window. It had really comfortable bed, linens and pillows. In the closet, it has complimentary umbrella for guests to use during their stay. We were lucky to have nice perfect weathers when we were in Seattle, but I thought it was very thoughtful to provide umbrella for the hotel guests.The room also had shower with rainshower shower head, a soaking bath tub, bath robes. There was a large sliding door between the bath tub and bed. The sliding door can be opened or closed from both sides. It is perfect for couples.The hotel is about 15 minutes walk to Pike Street Market and about 10 minutes to the Space Needle. We walked to Pike Street Market every morning to get some coffee, pastry and fruits. Starbucks is right next door and the Whole Food Market is behind the hotel. The hotel location is perfect for us. We wanted to visit both the Space Needle and Pike Street Market area and we don't mind walking. If we had our kids with us, we would stay closer to the Space Needle. Our kids wouldn't care to visit the Pike Street Market everyday, but definitely would love to spend a few days in the area near the Space Needle. It is convenient and fun to take the the Monorail to Westlake Center Mall, which is not too far from Pike Street Market and all the shopping.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sfcalgal
<Content>Wonderful Hotel near Lake Union Stayed at Pan Pacific 2 nights over July 4th weekend. I had a wonderful experience with the front desk staff. They made restaurant recommendations (that turned out great) and reservations. They provided a handy map of the city upon arrival and answered our many questions regarding getting around. The rooms are very nice, clean, and comfortable. We had a partial view of the space needle. There is nothing I can complain about. I would highly recommend this hotel while staying in Seattle. Also, the trolley picks up right in front for easy transportation to Lake Union and into downtown by the monorail. Also, it's above the Whole Foods and there is a Starbucks next door!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Triptaker365
<Content>really clean, really comfortable Our Executive corner suite had walls of windows, with views of Space Needle from one side and water and Mt. Rainier from the other (on clear days). As another reviewer pointed out, the ongoing construction at two adjacent high-rise building sites and their cranes were a bit too intrusive and interfered with otherwise great views. However, the room was incredibly nice and comfortable. Did I already mention how clean everything was? All the 5-star amenities were included, including some interesting elements that made the room fun to explore. The staff was very responsive. This hotel seems to be geared toward tourists, not business gatherings. The lobby is small for a 5-star-rated lodging, but it is modern and functional. There is a small restaurant and a couple of small sitting areas near the front desk. I didn't see any place for a quiet chat and a drink. Internet is free and a few computers and printer are available near the front desk for guest use. The large Whole Foods on the ground floor is excellent and came in very handy. There is a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel, and a few small restaurants nearby. The area near the hotel has not yet been developed into a full-fledged tourist trap. For that, you need to walk about ten minutes to the Space Needle or toward Downtown. It is also worth walking over to lake Union, about 20 minutes from the hotel, where you can check out fabulous gas-guzzling yachts on display for sale at fire sale prices. We self-parked the car and didn't look at it again till departure a few days later. Mostly, we just walked all around the city and then took public transportation back. Some cross-town buses are free.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>rjc260
<Content>Positive Experience This newer hotel met the standards expected of a Pan Pacific. We stayed here for three weekend nights at a rate of $183 found on Orbitz. The hotel is located just north of downtown and on the edge of the South Lake Union neighborhood. There is a Whole Foods in the building and a spa/health club across the driveway circle.Our room was average sized but had new furnishings, quality bathroom fixtures and a comfortable bed (however I prefer the new beds found at Marriott and Westin). There was a large flat screen television and floor to ceiling windows (we had close up views of the condos across the driveway so you need to close the blinds for privacy).The staff was very friendly even though we had no special requests. There is free internet access in the lobby and a bar which we did not take advantage of on this trip. There is street parking in the neighborhood, which was practical for us but may be a hassle if you are planning on leaving the car for extended periods as the spots are metered. The health club across the way was of decent size and there was no charge which was a pleasant surprise.The main drawback from our perspective was the bathroom, which had a sliding wooden door that faced the living room (you can watch tv from the tub if you wish) -- doesn't allow for that much privacy if you are traveling with a companion.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HKH88
<Content>Stylish Hotel for the Single Girl       brillant tv and comfy chair  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BuddysArmy
<Content>Very Nice This hotel is a very modern with a warm feel. Straight edge feel with a warm inviting fireplace that welcomes you. Great location, only half a mile to the Needle, Pike Marketplace, a couple blocks away from great shopping, and the Whole Foods 300 Ft. away makes for a great area. Beautiful rooms with everything you can ask for. The bathrooms have glass showers, huge bathtubs, great lighting and mirrors. Front desk is very helpful with asking directions on where to get anywhere. As a believer in reading reviews before booking a hotel, I highly rate this one.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WillB1
<Content>Wonderful Seattle Experience The Pan Pacific was a wonderful new hotel, very close to central Seattle. The staff was amazing, with great client service focus and attention to detail. I had purchased a bottle of white wine at Whole Foods (conveniently located in same complex). As I was walking in the doorman saw the bottle and asked if I wanted a bucket of ice sent to my room for the wine. He did this without me saying a word, great service. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Seattle, business or holiday.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Picht
<Content>A perfect stay This hotel was our first port of call on a two-week holiday. We took the bus from SeaTac airport (either MT194 or MT174, just $1.50), got off at Olive Way/8th and walked the rest (approx. 10 mins from there). The location of the hotel is not right in the middle of things but still fairly central. You can walk to the Space Needle, Lake Union and Downtown in about 10 mins, Olympic Sculpture Park/Alaskan Way is about 15 mins.The guy at reception was very helpful. He gave us a map of Seattle with all the tourist attractions and recommended a place for dinner. They also have loads of leaflets about the attractions, but they are not on display, so just ask. We had a room on the 7th floor with view of Lake Union. The room was spacious and immaculate with the usual business hotel appearance (flat screen tv, internet connection, air conditioning). The commodious bathroom featured a bathtub, a shower and a glass window to the bedroom (which you can screen with a curtain). If you do not bring your own laptop there are PCs with free internet access in the lobby. We did not have breakfast in the hotel, but there is a well-assorted Whole Foods Market with a cafe just below the hotel. For those of you who may be as jet lagged as we were: the cafe opens at 7am. They offer hot breakfast as well as yoghurt, fruit and muesli. Or just get a sandwich in the Whole Foods Market (expensive, but well worth the money).All in all a great hotel and I would recommend it to everybody. If you happen to head north from here like we did make sure to stop at Seattle Premium Outlets (just off highway 5) - great deals for Europeans there especially at the current exchange rate. You can find a car rental two blocks away from the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zoey12
<Content>exceeded expectations The style and architecture of this hotel is beautiful. The pictures don't quite capture how nice the interior design on the hotel is. The hotel location is within a 5-8 min walk to the seattle center (space needle, EMP), and a 10 minute walk to the pike place market and Belltown. There's allot of construction going on in seattle, so expect to see numerous cranes around the city.Kurt, one of the guest services agent was extremely helpful in directing us to great restaurants. There's so much to do in seattle, it can be a little overwhelming. The price of the room wasn't bad on the hotel site- $175 with the internet rate. The rooms are clean, sheets are soft, pillow top matress, robes provided, amazing bathtub, and there's a starbucks and whole foods next door. As mentioned earlier, the overall design of the hotel is beautiful.There's one thing that I would definately recommend doing in seattle and that's the savor seattle tour of the pike place market. If you like food, you'll love this tour.Great hotel, would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Honeymooners512
<Content>Excellent When we arrived, our bags were taken care of, the front desk acted very professional and accomodating, and they set us up in minutes with a room that had a view of the space needle and the ocean. From the moment we arrived, we were referred to as Mr.- or Mrs.-, even the TV screen greeted us by name, as well as service one on the phone. The room was absolutely beautiful and clean, the view was great, (unfortunately adjacent building construction was going on). The clothes steamer was great, and room service food was very good. There was free internet access and we were in good proximity to the infamous Pike Market Place.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>changOakland
<Content>If I'm in Seattle again, I'll stay at the Pan Pacific! From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, we were in awe of the friendly service, the elegance, and the comfort of the Pan Pacific. During our 5-night stay, the staff made us feel welcomed and took care of all our needs. As we checked in, they even asked which newspapers we preferred, delivering 2 different ones every morning.Our room had a view of the Space Needle, so who cared that we also faced the construction? As the sun set, the illuminated effect was lovely.Our room was very clean, and the Hypnos beds were every bit as comfortable as the other reviewers report.We took full advantage of the Whole Foods downstairs, which was a great place for coffee and a healthful snack or meal. The desk staff was particualarly helpful. I happened to run into one of them and asked in passing if he knew what the weather was forcast to be. He said he didn't know, so he walked back to the desk to his computer to find out!Yes, it's a half mile walk to the Seattle Center, Downtown, and to the Pike Place Market. But it gave our family a chance to talk and to burn off some of the calories from the wonderful Seattle cuisine!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Sheen4r
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!! We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and would definitly go back. From the friendly staff to a great room, the stay was very pleasurable. Room was great very spacious with a nice view of the space needle. Staff were friendly, no complaints at all. Had room service which was a bit pricey. Starbuck located next door, as well as a italian which does takeaway. Overall hotel rated 5/5  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>TucsonTim
<Content>Very Nice Clean comfortable great staff. Will stay there again  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bindoon
<Content>Top hotel - loved it       Hotel entrance from plaza  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hawaiian_baby_808
<Content>Eat well, sleep well and feel well! Stayed at the PP Seattle for 7 nights, just got home. Was a wonderful hotel experience. The service was beyond exceptional, everyone was so nice, helpful and attentive. The valet and door people knew us after a day or two. Also, the front desk staff always greeted us whenever we left or returned for the day. Although touted as an exceptional business hotel ... we stayed for a fun, relaxing family vacation and it was awesome. Yes, there is some construction going on across the street from the hotel ... but you're staying in a redevelopment district, so you'll be seeing a lot of construction everywhere! The cranes shouldn't bother too much unless you are planning to stay in your room all day. I don't think the construction took away from our stay at all. BTW, best sleep I've had in years. The quiet of the area coupled with the Hypnos bed couldn't be beat ... I'm looking for one of those beds for my home!! Had dinner once in the restaurant, was better than average food. Our server Doug was terrific and great with our 6 year old! Big plus, Whole Foods downstairs. Just too convenient! Never even went to Starbucks adjacent to the hotel (although a definite plus to have!), ate several healthy meals at the market. We loved this hotel! If you're into great service, wonderful amenties (including free internet), lush and comfortable rooms, the most awesome bed, good food, convenience of a healthy market below, then this is the place for you. Granted, you are not in the middle of downtown, but I found it to be quieter (I've stayed at the Fairmont Olympic and the Mayflower and you can't beat the sereneness and quiet of the PP) and out of the hustle and bustle. Will need a car, unless you are willing to commute by taxi, bus, or walk a ways. Great stay, will be back!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mfaracirn
<Content>Great Place This hotel is great. Awesome location, slightly away from the big crowds of downtown Seattle, but still an easy walk to everything. The staff was welcoming, knowledgeable and effecient. The rooms were comfortable and the entire hotel pristine in cleanliness. The amenities left nothing to desire. The hotel is situated above a B of A, convenient to get money and Whole foods market. This was the largest Whole Foods I had ever seen, great for getting snacks or bottle of wine. The gym at this hotel was awesome. Usually, hotel gyms are small and outdated, this one was ample in size with very up to date equipment and if you decide you don't like it there is a 24 hour fitness (a big nice one) a few blocks away too. The only negative thing I can say about this place is that scratchy throw blanket-ugh! All and all, a great place to stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>da32528
<Content>***Large cranes too close for comfort** Outside my window was a huge crane, one of two, that was too close for comfort. Noise of the construction was directly adjacent to the hotel and was also a slight annoyance. If you have an interest in construction and seeing large cranes towering over the hotel directly outside your window, this hotel is for you.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mschuh03
<Content>Why only 4 stars? This Hotel was was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. From the very beginning, this was a classy hotel. The doors were opened for us 99.9% of the time, the staff greeted me by name when leaving and returning to the hotel and each staff member was courteous and helpful. Even the manager was around most of the time greeting us and helping us with directions. The room was fantastically clean and comfortable. The bathroom was amazing with the all glass shower, marble counters and oversized bathtub that had a sliding wall to view the tv and bed from. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet at night, no nieghbor noise or street noise, even though the street outside is busy. Whole foods is directly beneath the hotel and has great on-the-go foods, including fresh fruit, a great bakery and plenty of deli foods to choose from. This hotel is also within walking distance to all the popular attractions: Space Needle, Pike Place Market, downtown, the Aquarium and more. I would definatly stay here again and recommend it to ANYONE going to Seattle for any reason.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CurtTheTraveler
<Content>Really cool downtown hotel This hotel wasn't right next to Pikes Place Market but was near enough to be convenient. The lobby and rooms all are very modern with Asian-influenced design. The room was large, with a plasma television and plenty of work space for a business traveler. My favorite feature was the sliding door separating bathroom from bedroom. When opened, it gave a great view of the tv from the whirlpool tub. Check in was a bit on the slow side but not overly annoying. Overall, the Pan Pacific was a good value for price.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>sneeksox
<Content>Potato Soup is great! I had some great potato soup there and the napkins were clean!. What more could you ask for from a soup hotel. I've never herad of anything so ingenious.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J_Saskwatch
<Content>Simply Wonderful Our stay here was great. They upgraded us from a Deluxe King room to a Premier King room. I've never stayed in such a nice hotel. From the sweet lady we booked with to the concierge to the valet to the bartender-everyone was thoughtful, professional, and kind. We had a great view of the Space Needle too and the knee to ceiling windows made it even better. The room was spotless, the big screen lcd was awesome and the way the bedroom and bathroom were connected with this big open wall was cool. I booked my room directly through the hotel even though it was $15 or $20 cheaper from Orbitz. They asked me if it was a special occasion and told them sort-of and explained. Then what do you know? They gave me a free upgrade. That was very very nice. The bad: $28 valet, and you have to pay for internet usage ($5 for an hour or $12 for 24hrs). Overall this was a 9.5!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kartez
<Content>Great weekend getaway I went and had a weekend getaway with my girlfriend and LET ME TELL YOU!!! It was awesome! I had such a great time. The staff was soooo nice! always opening the doors. Any questions we had they helped. The room was spectacular! The bathroom was very luxurious. We are definitely going to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DeeTraveler18
<Content>Great Stay at Pan Pacific The Pan Pacific Hotel was classy and modern from the moment I checked in. The valet attendents and staff were extremely professional and friendly and gave great advice and service. The hotel room was clean, smelled great and gave a nice view of the downtown area and the Space Needle. And the bathroom was wonderful; including a stand in shower and garden size tub.If you are looking for a great hotel located in the middle of all the major attractions in Downtown Seattle. It is within walking distance from the City Centre, the Space Needle and Seattle Center.The hotel is also located in a plaza that includes a wonderful Whole Goods Market and a couple of great restaurants. There are also several restaurants in walking distance including The Cheesecake Factory. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pisamelisa
<Content>Great Staff and Location The staff was wonderful, very friendly and eager to please. Pan Pacific is primarily in the customer service business and then the hotel business. The location is good, it is within walking distance to the Seattle downtown sites, like Pike Market and the waterfront. A real plus is that there is a Starbucks connected to the hotel and Whole Foods is right around the corner. The downside is there is a charge for everything. Parking was $30/ valet for $28, no continental breakfast, pay for local calls, and so on. The room service was also not good at all for the quality of the hotel. My steak was overdone, the potatoes looked and tasted like they had come out a box and put in a microwave, no crab in the crab omelet.... Stay here but eat at Whole Foods or another restaurant downtown.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ianpeean
<Content>Father/Son 2-nighter       bathroom  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ramonabare
<Content>Close to Luxury this hotel has a great location for getting around Seattle. Our room was comfortable, but there was no hardware on bathroom sliding door, so it would not stay closed - there is very little parking in this area - Hotel parking is $28.00 a nite, priceyWe did book a travel deal and front desk - wanted to remind us that we were getting a special rate. they did let us check in early.We would stay here again for a special occasion- but not at full price.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>nwkauaiboy
<Content>Excellent Experience!       King Suite w/ Space Needle View  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yobbo
<Content>Pan Pacific - great hotel We found that the Pan Pacific Seattle was true to the many reviews that we read on TripAdvisor. My wife and I went with another couple on Dec. 27 to 29, 2007 and, with a few minor negatives, we found the overall stay to be excellent.We booked through hotels.ca, and got a rate of $183 CDN per night, including all taxes  charges (parking extra). This seemed like a very good rate for such a nice hotel.First, the negatives: there was poor lighting in the bathroom for shaving, and poor lighting in the bedroom for reading. And the walk-in shower had no flow control - the shower head felt like a pressure washer, and it flooded the bathroom floor (poorly designed shower curtain, and no floor curb). We aren't fussy travellers, and I wouldn't normally complain about this type of stuff (and didn't mention it to the hotel staff) but I wanted to give an accurate review.The positives more than made up for the negatives: a very quiet room, with a very comfortable bed; nicely decorated, clean room; large soaker tub, and large flat screen TV (we didn't watch it, but it is there if you want it). The numerous staff were attentive, friendly and very helpful. Normally, I could care less about the lobby (who spends time there?) but in the cold weather, it was nice to wait for people in the cozy chairs by the fireplace.There was a fair walk (say 6 blocks or more) to the Belltown area (restaurants, bars, etc.) through non-touristy areas, but not at all threatening - we appreciated the walk after the great meals we ate, so not an issue, but it might be a problem for people who are not as mobile. But, we were right on the streetcar route, which will take people quickly to the downtown area where free buses run.A couple other items: try the Tavolata restaurant (2323 Second Ave.) but get there by 6:30 or expect to wait. If you are a microbrew fan, try the Pike Place Bar  Grill - several good beers to choose from.One final complaint: Parking at the Pan Pacific: $28 per night - I found that a bit rich. Maybe check out the prices at one of the nearby lots.Overall though, I would definitely stay at the Pan Pacific again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ttangbee
<Content>Pleasant stay Pan Pacific Seattle was surprisingly a nice hotel and the best one on our Seattle-Vancouver-Victoria trip.Location  Convenience: Although a bit out of the main downtown area, it is an easy walk or a cab ride to downtown shopping, museums and pike place market. You can take the new trolley for free that stops right outside the hotel and it takes you to downtown shopping areas so this was very convenient. Also, as others have mentioned, Whole Foods Market is just beneath the hotel as well as Starbucks, which is actually connected to the hotel through a side door. I'd rate 4 out of 5 for location and 5 stars for convenience.Room: We had the king room which had simplistic modern design with very good bathroom layout. There was Asian style sliding doors that would open up the sunken bathtub to your bed which made the room feel much bigger than what it actually was. Bed was very comfortable with very good pillows too (possibly on par with Campton Place in San Francisco) . Bed and bath are always a high priority on our vacation and Pan Pacific Seattle delivered. The only complaint I would have is the bath amenities, although plentiful, should be of better quality. 4.5 stars.Service: I have to give 5 stars on this as everyone was eager to help and it showed. Although a tad inexperienced as would be expected for a new hotel, service as a whole was very good. Personally, we hate the gigantic hotel chains as the service can slake off but this one was well proportioned with just enough rooms to accommodate their guests needs. Room service food was above par but selection wasn't abundant. Quality wise, I'd rank 4 stars. Extra tips: Since the hotel is fairly new, our cab driver from the airport did not know where it was located, even his GPS navigator did not pick it up. We were lucky that I had remembered the address... also, it took about 30 minutes for the taxi to arrive in the early morning of our departure. If you're taking a cab from the airport to the hotel or vice versa, take the Orange cab since they have a flat rate. Otherwise, it'll cost about $35~$40 (including tip).  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Echo888
<Content>Five star hotel at four star price We recently stayed at the Pan Pacific and was very impressed at the five star quality of the hotel. Nice bathroom, bath robes, very comfortable bed, flat panel TV, pretty new furniture and decor, etc. All very nice touches. The service was excellent as well. Because this is a one-year old hotel, you really get an excellent facility at decent prices.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LorraineSeattle_WA
<Content>New Year's Eve at the Pan Pacific My husband and I love the Pan Pacific. I can't wait until there are more of them in the US. Our room was beautiful. The view - south lake union and the Space Needle. We had a basic room - queen bed. The staff was excellent in all regards. We had a high level of customer service and really good food. The spa is not open yet, but the fitness center (located across the courtyard) was great. I did not like the fact that one must exit the hotel to work out. The fitness room is located in one of the condo towers, but the equipment was high quality and well worth the cold dash across the courtyard.This trip was a special treat for me. We normally stay in the Westin or Sheraton for New Years Eve, but we upscaled it a bit and I am glad. It will be hard to stay anywhere else next year.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>faithnessen
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Excellent Staff, Perfect!!!! We booked a room to stay in since my company Christmas party was taking place at the hotel. From the time we arrived the staff was right on the ball with assisting us, and the interior of the hotel took my breath away. I love asian decor, and while it was hardly asian, it did have a modern international feel about it. Our room was small but well layed out and I loved the decor. The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. We are looking forward to going back for a romantic weekend soon.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scottas66
<Content>Seattle's Best! Arrived very late in the evening for a one night stay. Staff were very solicitous, and on par with the hotel's service standards, each request was met with of course. All staff were pleasant, rooms were comfortably furnished with the latest innovations in guest room design, baths were wonderful. Even for a one night stay, this property was the best I've experienced in Seattle. Special kudos to the Pan Pacific for staff training; this is the best formal service I've received in a long time!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>biker367
<Content>Fantastic Stay, Best Staff My wife and I stayed there for two nights in early December and had a great time. The hotel is a little out of the way ($10 cab ride to any of the attractions) but it is walkable in nice weather. A major snowstorm hit the city during our stay but the hotel supplied us umbrelas which was a nice bonus because the cabs are hard to get during snow in Seattle. (they all go home)I was a little disapointed that I could not make collect calls from my room. And the cost of using the phone for long distance,I found high.The room itself was very clean and comfortable. The room I was given was exactly what was told to me when I reserved it.The exercise room and hot tub are accross the courtyard in another building so we did not use it .(snow and all)The Valet and doormen and Desk staff made our stay. They are far and above the best staff I have experianced in a hotel. The breakfast in The Bar was less than I would expect of a hotel of this class the toast was actually the end crust of the bread.But all in all this hotel rates right up there with one of my more memorable stays.*Oh by the way, if you touch stuff in the mini bar it automatically gets charged to your room bill but they were very good about correcting it.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mpnac
<Content>Not a great deal for the price The Pan Pacific is new and shiny, but the service wasn't great for the price. We paid about $350 for a Saturday night stay in December. The service we got was way below average for a hotel of similar price in the downtown area. The parking lot is a disaster. It's a circular design and is shared with shops and a condo tower. We called for our cab, but the parking lot was so full we had to walk a block just to get to it. Same thing on our return, our option was to wait 20 minutes for the cab to be able to get to the door, or to walk ourselves back. It took almost 30 minutes for our car to get back to the lot when we left the hotel on Sunday.The Pan Pacific tries very hard to be as helpful as possible, but in our case, that backfired. In one instance, we wanted some ice. They don't have ice buckets/machines because they prefer to bring it to you...which is fine until they're so busy it takes 45 minutes. We had the same problem trying to order pizza after we got back to our room pretty late. There was no phone book in the room, so we had to call down to the lobby for the number of a pizza place...that took another half hour.Also, there were some VERY weird charges on our bill, most of which were taken off when I explained that they were bullS^t, but BE CAREFUL....we didn't eat anything out of the mini bar, but were initally charged over $35 for it.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	3	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>Daaaa
<Content>Be careful, they will charge you with a price whatever they want. I like the modren style of the hotel. It's very comfortable to stay at this hotel. However, two weeks later when I Check my bank statement, I found they charged me a rate much more than the price on the paper I signed when I checked in. When I called the hotel, the atitude of their accountant was so bad that I had to go to the hotel in person to copy the guest profile w/ my signature and fax them. Finally I could not get response until I called them.I am very disapointed to the hotel even though I got the money back. You better check your bank statement after check-out.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lisrel
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at the hotel for a mixture of business and pleasure and it was fantastic. The service is exceptional, property and rooms very nice and a convenient location. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jakigaudet
<Content>Romantic and Asian inspired feel Words can't describe the feeling I had when I stepped foot into our room. It was imaculatent, the bathroom was amazing, and the service was absolute tops! I would stay here again in a heart beat and recommend it to almost anyone. I wouldn't take kids here, this is definately suited for adults, in my opinion.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itsneverserious
<Content>Superb Stay at the PanPac, Upscale all the way       Twin Beds  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tracilaroo
<Content>Loved this hotel!       The big comfy tub!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bethsd
<Content>Pan Pacific was perfect! I lucked out and got a great Internet special rate on the hotel's website two days before our trip. To make it even better, the hotel room was at least 25% larger than the downtown hotels. We loved the decor- the rooms are laid out well and the bathroom feels like a mini-spa. Even though the hotel is a little off the beaten path, it was still a quick walk to dinner one night at the Dahlia Lounge (less than 10 minutes) and we didn't feel unsafe at any point. There is a Starbucks attached to the hotel and a Whole Foods downstairs- we took full advantage of both. I will stay here again for sure on my next visit.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>patrickbpenguin
<Content>Very comfortable stay       Junior suite  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ALKamino
<Content>Very comfortable stay       looking into the room from the bath  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>1001PlacesToGo
<Content>Exceeded expectations I found Pan Pacific Seattle to be a beautifully appointed hotel with incredible service.We found this hotel on expedia and received a great rate. The rooms were stunning and we had a lovely view of the Space Needle. The service could not be faulted. Every staff member was polite and accommodating.When the hotel food got too much for us, we became frequent visitors at the Whole Foods Market which is conveniently located downstairs.Only thing is I found our level had a strong smoke smell and was surprised as this is a 100% non smoking hotel?  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AM87
<Content>One of the best hotels i've ever stayed at, in any city! When i booked our vacation i selected the pan pacific based on the hotel having the highest star rating at the lowest price. Not having stayed at a pan pacific property i had no expectations. Even before arriving at the hotel i called to request an early check in in fact 4 hours early and my request was fulfilled quickly and politely. upon arriving at the hotel The doorpeople,valets,and bellman were all very polite, cheerful, and quick to offer any help. The valet fee of 28 USD a day is a bit high, but since the hotel is in a metropolitan city 28 USD isn't all bad in fact a bargain compared to other big cities. The hotel is only a year old and everything is in excellent condition. The hotel was very quiet and very clean. We arrived right when they had just setup up decorations for the holidays. The person at the front desk checked us in very quickly, then asked me my prefernce for the daily newspaper (three choices) and complimentary. he then proceeded to show us how to get the FREE high speed internet, told us a bit more about the hotel. Then before going up to the room he gave us a map of the city and answered a bunch of questions i had about the city. HE then brought our luggage up to our room. The room is just like everyone described, which is really well appointed. marble countertops, steamer,hairdryer,umbrella,plasma tv,in room snackbar,etc. We had room service twice and both times felt that the food which comes from the marazul restaurant is better then most hotels room service menus. I really liked how the phones have a button you can press that gets someone at the front desk whose job is to make your stay more comfortable. Each time i called whether it was for dinner recommendations,directions, or for a place to store something unusual, they were quick to say not a problem, Mr. ____). I should mention that everytime we left the hotel all the staff greeted us and asked if we needed any directions or help with anything. They seemed to geninuely care about our enjoyment, not being forced to like at some other hotels ive stayed at. The location is a bit far from the tourist things, but easily within walking distance. Some people have griped that its too far to walk, which i find funny. We walked to pikes place market and pacific place without any problems. if you dont like to walk much and want to be near all the tourist places, then this hotel may not be for you. There is a whole food market in the same complex which is helpful for a quick meal or snacks. Did i mention that the service was excellent on par with hotels like the four seasons and the like, but at probably half the price. Too bad we couldnt stay longer.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VesperGirl
<Content>Pan-tastic!       Bed  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Helong85
<Content>Worth Every Penny       Another view from hotel room  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjjpower
<Content>Quite nice My husband and I stayed one night at the Pan Pacific in Seattle. I had read the reviews and always enjoy trying new hotels. We were treated well by all the staff and enjoyed the room. The bed was quite comfy with nice linens. The hotel itself was extremely quiet and I'm not sure if this was due to great sound proofing or the fact that I never saw anyone else in the halls? We enjoyed the happy hour at Marazuls but the service was a bit slow. My biggest complaint was how far from Downtown it was. We took a cab to Pacific Place to catch a movie even though the front desk person said oh, you can easily walk it....don't believe it and I surely wouldn't recommend it at night. Having a Starbucks right next door was nice and there looks to be lots of condo's going in around the hotel which may end up causing some construction noise in the future...but as for now all was quiet.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ich2o
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We spent one night in early Oct. prior to departure to Victoria. This is a stunning hotel - beautiful Asian-contemporary decor with flat screen TV and whirlpool bath that opens to bedroom area. Service was excellent - we had a luggage problem that staff was very helpful with, and we enjoyed sushi and drinks at Marazul.We weren't thrilled with the location. It was a 10-15 minute walk downtown and although there is a lot of construction in the area, it was pretty deserted after dark. This looks like an area that will be full of hotels, condos, restaurants, and people in a few years, but it isn't there yet.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gktmd2
<Content>Wow This is a very nice hotel. It is near Lake Union a quick walk from downtown. I guess Paul Allen of Microsoft fame is developing the area. The hotel is part of a complex of condos and various stores including a Whole Foods that is trying to recreate urban life.The hotel is beautiful. The architenture and design of our room was awesome. The bathroom was to die for and the beds were very comfortable. We had drinks during the happy hour and they were good and reasonable. The workout area is very nice with state of the art equipment.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>htravelbug
<Content>Very elegant hotel Stayed at the Pan Pacific for three nights, October 25th through 27th. The property is very elegant and the room (7th floor), a King Delux, was lovely, particularly the beautiful bathroom, which was very large and immaculate. The hotel staff were very helpful and always polite and frieindly. The location is very central and an easy, pleasant walk to all the sites (15 min. walk to Pike Street Mkt., 5 mins. to Westlake Centre).The only minus, was the fact that I requested a wake-up call to ensure I caught an early morning train. At the last minute I chose to set my alarm too. This turned out to be a good thing, as I never did receive the wake-up call and I am confident that, had I not set the alarm, I would have missed my train. On the plus side, it was wonderful having Whole Foods and a Starbuks downstairs in the same complex, as it was convenient to drop in for a coffee and some breakfast or pick up a bottle of wine.Other than the wake-up call issue though, it was a lovely hotel and I would likely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>chalfontim
<Content>Chic hotel, great value for money       King size room  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gaylordar
<Content>Hated it. Don't waste your money! I love good service and nice amenities. This hotel was horrible. It took them 2 hours to bring our bags to our room. You couldn't get your car from valet if you tried. The rooms were nicely appointed, but the service made our stay a bad one.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>beest
<Content>Excellent hotel Spent 3 nights at the end of August. A fabulous hotel and a great way to start our holiday. The room was superb - the spacious bathroom had shutters that opened into the bedroom. Extremely comfortable and very helpful staff.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>east_coast_woman
<Content>Nice Hotel but rude bellmen! I recently stayed at the Pan Pacific Seattle for a business conference. This hotel is very nice as it is bran new, however, one staff member in particular is repulsive. This bell boy, Paul? basically offered me his phone number and stated that he and some friends were going out that night to a new club and that I should come with him in his Mercedes.Obviously, I rudely declined this embarrasing and almost harassing attempt to pick me up, a guest. To top that off he actually hung around as if I was going to tip, which I did not and he abrubtly left. I was amazed the decor of the hotel and the moral decay of their bellman.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	3	4	1	-1	4	

<Author>xreenberg
<Content>Fantasic hotel Fantastic hotel, excellent service, great decor and design. Really enjoyed the stay.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ann651
<Content>Contemporary Modern Hotel Stayed there for 3 nights near the end of September 2007. Very modern contemporary rooms with a flat screen t.v. and open view of the bathroom from the bed via sliding doors. The room size was average, but the decor was nice. Great customer service. Doors were always opened for us as we entered or exited the hotel. The front desk were very warm and always inquired as to how our stay was going. The hotel is a little bit of a walk to downtown where all the shops were, but the weather was perfect for us to walk in. It was great that there was a Whole Foods Market downstairs, so we had a few meals there as it saved us a little bit of money and there was so much variety to choose from. Really enjoyed our stay at the Pan Pacific and would absolutely recommend it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Businesstraveler07
<Content>Great Hotel, Fantanstic Staff  I was very impressed with this hotel. The staff was accommodating and responded immediately to any request. The rooms were clean with all the amenities a traveler needs. In addition, it is in a fantastic location!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LNTraveller
<Content>A Great Find Steyd with the Pan Pacific in Seattle and was not dissapointed. The hotel is slightly out of the downtown area (around 10 minutes walk to Pike Market), but that only added to its charm. The hotel is situated in a new development of shops and apartments and seems to be popular amongst locals aswell as guests.The room was spacious, clean and had a huge bathroom with separate shower and bath. Although no views of the Space Needle, the room had large windows which left it feeling light and air-ey. The bar/restaurant downstairs, Marazul, could not be faulted with good value food and cocktails. Those on a budget could visit the fabulous Whole Foods downstairs which offers coffee, breakfast and all sorts of take-out foods and drinks alongside a massive range of fruit and veg products.Staff were all helpful although I did not use them that much.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lmptd
<Content>Beautiful rooms, nice view The rooms were very nice, simple, modern. Nice touches, like wine glasses in the room. The bathroom was amazing -- above the very deep/wide bathtub, there was a section of the wall that you could slide open so you could see out the window - we had a nice view of Lake Union - from the tub. There also was a separate shower. Comfy bed.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manhattanislanders
<Content>Great deal for Seattle The Seattle Pan Pacific is a very comfortable hotel. Bed, other furnishings, and bathroom were all well appointed, and the television was a flat screen. The service was generally very good, except for a couple of missteps. I attribute these issues (neglect to disclose a $35 fee for emptying the minibar; car was not brought up from the lot after advance request was made, but this only happened twice during a week-long stay) to the fact that the staff appears recently trained, and they are young. My only other complaint is that their business service computers don't seem to work half the time. But these are quibbles, as these problems were met with gracious apologies (one staff member allowed me to use his own laptop to check my email) and I received a $35 refund on the minibar emptying fee when I explained the issue. The hotel rooms are very quiet, well-located (just a 10 minute walk from the heart of downtown), and you save a lot of money by taking advantage of the Whole Foods for breakfast (very tasty!). I also used the nice gym and jacuzzi (gratis) in another building, which takes about 10 seconds to reach as you leave the hotel lobby. You get a lot for your money here, especially when compared to other high-quality hotels in the area.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>iGuy
<Content>Great Rooms, Great Location, Great service The last two nights of our summer break were spent in Seattle at the Pan Pacific. Booked a basic King room online at a rate that was quite competitive for Seattle.The room was excellent, bed and linens top notch and the staff all met or exceeded my expectations.As the owner of a Boutique BB Inn I can assure you that I am very aware of quality and I will return to this Hotel again.Try the $1.95 happy hour snacks in Marazul....ooooh yeah!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GMoney01
<Content>Great Stay! Can't really say anything bad about this hotel. Great location, within walking distance (about 10min walk) to downtown, piers, space needle. Also, rooms are very nice. There is a Whole Foods market downstairs that makes great food and its super convenient. Service was great. Nothing but good things during my stay there. I would go back no problem.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roadtrip_73
<Content>Decent, but not great. We reached the hotel at 11:30 pm on Friday night for a 3-night stay. Check-in goes smoothly, although they try to persuade us (my wife and I) to use valet parking rather than self parking (seems as though they make money on one and not the other). We walk into the room to find two twin beds instead of a queen or king that we expected. We rush to the lobby to find out what happened. They matter of factly state that since we booked through hotwire, that is all we get and treat us like 2nd class citizens for having used a 3rd party for the booking. At this point, I realize that hotwire never guaranteed the type of bed (lesson: DON'T BUY THROUGH HOTWIRE). So, I ask if there is any room available that we can switch to and that we are willing to pay whatever difference in $. They say no - that they are overbooked - I am obviously quite unhappy at this point. To pacify me, one of the guys says that if we wait till 1:00 am they might be able to give us a room based on cancelation. We take his word for it. We wait till 1:00 am and ask for the room and are told that it might be 2 am or 4 am before they can tell us if we can get another room or not and also claims that he never said 1:00 am. To make a long story short, we ended up spending 2 out of 3 nights in the room with twin beds and for the third night we were able to move to a room with a king bed. Overall, we were unhappy with the staff. They were not truthful. As far as the hotel is concerned, while nice, we found that The Omni that we had stayed at before was better. The first room we got turned out to be much cleaner than the second room in general. The 2nd day house keeping failed to wash all used parts of the coffee maker. The 2nd room also had some kind of a/c noise every time it turned on that disturbed our sleep. One thing we really liked is the fact that there is a WHOLE FOODS attached to it. This made it very easy to pick up good quality breakfast and even lunch inexpensively. Self parking was expensive but very safe (underground parking below Whole Foods). The restaurant that is attached to the hotel was above average. Recommended only if you get a really good deal and book directly.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	1	2	4	

<Author>Louise101
<Content>Amazing Rooms We stayed here for 2 nights and loved it. The rooms were pure luxury and the staff were very helpful. Within walking distance to the shops and the space needle.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JAKandBarney
<Content>Hard to find fault I would say this is primarily a 'business' hotel, but I stayed with my wife and 10 yr old son. The property is attractive, clean, and the staff are attentive. The Whole Foods market below is fantastic and is open late (10 pm on the Saturday we arrived). The rooms are nicely appointed. The bed, I was told, was made in England and it was quite comfortable. There are some unique touches (toilets flush fully ..or you can choose a 1/2 flush). Although the coffee maker wasn't working, one was swapped promptly. The workout facility (in an adjoining building) was simply one of the best I've ever utilized: the space was huge and it had lots of new equipment, both free weights and machines). I thought the hotel was a bargain ($175 per night), considering it was downtown and near many attractions.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Outsource
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Rate, Solid Location This hotel is a must in Seattle. The location is within walking distance of most if not all attractions. A big bonus is the Whole Foods Market on the bottom floor of the same building that the hotel is located in. Rooms were clean, well kept. View was outstanding (our room had a view of the Space Needle). Right now there is plenty of construction in Seattle, so ask for a room on the highest floor.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CTBBowlingGreen_KY
<Content>Loved Pan Pacific Seattle! Pan Pacific Seattle is a beautiful and accomodating hotel. Every member of the staff we encountered was very nice and helpful. We were there two nights, left one night, and returned for 3 more nights. They held our bags the one night we were away (we were on a bicycle) then when we returned they stored our tandem for us. We felt it was very safe and secure.The room was clean, comfortable and modern chic. Lovely bathroom. We enjoyed every minute in the Pan Pacific and would definately stay there again. A+++  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LibbyDavis
<Content>Very nice, new hotel. Terriific Seattle Location       Wonderful bath  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cactusdave
<Content>Beautiful Luxurious Hotel I just got back from a great stay at the hotel. The staff was very friendly and hospitable, especially Yumi, who works the front desk. The hotel had flatscreen, comfortable bedding and free wireless. There is even a Whole Foods attached to the building.Drawbacks - a bit away from the downtown area and the parking is a bit steep ($30 bucks a day)  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>finicky1
<Content>Practically New  Loved the the design, and layout of the room I was upgraded to without asking. Aaah, how nice :-). The decor is boutique rather than chain. It was spotlessly clean. Shower pressure was pretty good. Amazing bed. If it weren't for the construction going on below rooms facing the Needle, the view would have been perfect. But then again, when out most of the day it really doesn't matter, does it? As it's a new hotel, it's still quiet. It was amusing to find out valet is less expensive than self-parking. And you old high and mighty goats and dames give the young adults who work so hard a break. Their service was perfectly fine all the time. Maybe if you'd be nice, you'd be better received and served.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Well_Traveled_12
<Content>PERFECTO!!!! This was one of the greatest hotel experiences I've had in a while! From the moment we pulled up to the front of the Pan Pacific we felt like we were traveling first class. Valets were on hand to help us with our luggage and park our car ($25 a day, but well worth the hassle). Doormen were positioned outside in crisp uniforms, silently waiting to service us as we approached the entrance. The lobby was impeccable! A gorgeous floral arrangement sat in the center and a lovely seating area was open with zen like furniture that created a serene atmosphere.We were checked in right away and were taken up to our room which was just as beautiful as the lobby. The bed was clean and fluffy (like the Heavenly Beds at the Westin). The room itself was very spacious and the bathroom was to die for! You could have swam in that bathtub.Internet was a breeze to hop on, but timed out frequently. Make sure that if you're sending any emails to write them separately in Word and cut and paste them when ready to send.Overall, I think this was WELL worth the value and was thrilled with the entire experience. :)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rtewe12
<Content>Nice Hotel but Staff needs more training I recently stayed at this very new hotel and my room was clean, new and nice - I have no complaints about my room. My view was okay but if you're lucky you'd get a room with a view of the Space Needle Tower - my view was towards the back of the hotel. This hotel is very close to the Space Needle about 15 minutes walking and about 20 minutes to the Pike Street Market place. Seattle is undergoing a lot of new building developments and street/urban development so a lot of the areas around the hotel had a lot of road blocks and sidewalk closings making it seem like the hotel was in an industrialized area. My biggest comment would be that the hotel staff both front desk and concierge need to take some customer service seminars. I didn't feel welcomed by them at all - they only greeted you if you looked at them and at times you had to greet them before they greeted you. I also didn't find the staff approachable or friendly. On check out day, the person who checked me out didn't even both saying Good Morning to me and didn't even ask me about my stay. What kind of service training does these employees get????? Not only that the person didn't say Thank You for staying with us.....I hoped you enjoyed you stay and please come again. HELLO, was that too much to ask for?????  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lgrassman
<Content>Nice Hotel...Terrible Terrible Service The Hotel is new and the rooms are exciting, and I had stayed here in December, shortly after opening, however service has not improved. When I first stayed there, there was no phone book in the room and no suit case valet.This time I had three situations of the staff lying to me. First, on the cost of valet parking. Secondly, when asked why my car was not moved from the 30 minute zone after 5 hours, and thirdly my request to get a hotel information package up to my room. With all my problems, I was anxious to fill out a survey form, but after two weeks of staying there....still no form. They told me a follow-up form would be coming by e-mail. The staff just don't care. And this comes from the Management attitude.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	2	5	4	5	2	1	2	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Lots of Issues and Incompetence       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	1	1	4	

<Author>FirstClassTravels
<Content>Best beds and friendliest staff!       My room  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JusticeSalmon
<Content>Great hotel, especially for the area       View from the door  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>advman15370
<Content>Glad to have a luxury hotel in Seattle I recently stayed at the new Pan Pacific Seattle and had such an incredible stay I decided to post my experience. But having read some of the other reviews I am wondering if the opening low rates attracted some inexperienced travelers.Now let me tell you about MY stay. (I happen to travel for business about once a month and stay in hotels in LA, NY, Chicago as well as internationallly.) The lobby of the hotel is beautifully appointed. Clean, modern, welcoming and lots of windows and light. (a good thing in Seattle!) My room had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The internet I used was both wired and wireless and was indeed FREE. (if you don't have a computer and use the webTV there was a charge as I am sure the person who claimed she was mislead does not stay in hotels too often). My room was large, well designed, incredibly comfortable and spacious!The staff was some of the friendliest I have encountered. Andrew checked me in and was incredibly helpful when I asked him about restaurants and the Whole Foods Market (located just below the hotel). The room has a mini bar with items I would expect in a luxury hotel. There was NOT a surplus of alcohol. Nor was this the type of hotel where you stock up your fridge with your own shopping goods. HOWEVER, they did offer to remove all items from your mini bar if you wanted to put your own items from Whole Foods.I expect the Pan Pacific to only get better as they work out some kinks (no spa, etc). but in the meantime, I will definitely be back as this is an amazing hotel addition to Seattle. I usually stay at the W or the Fairmont and will be coming back to the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ILoveGreatHotels!
<Content>Not Bad, but there are better choices nearby My husband and I stayed at the Pan Pacific for one night, and overall, it was a good experience. The valet was a bit of a pain to find since it is hidden in the back interior part of the hotel, but the attendants were courteous and prompt to help us. We checked in 3 hrs. earlier than the usual check in time, which was no problem at all. As far as the rooms go, we had to keep in mind that it had an asian theme, so the walls are very bland in color and plain as far as the decor goes. The room layout (deluxe King) is almost identical to the Hotel 1000 rooms, with the sleeping area separated from the bathroom via a Soji-esque sliding screen door. There are a few complaints we walked away with. One, there is no ice availble, unless you order it through room service, which took about 10 minutes to get an answer from. Also, rooms with neighboring rooms are connected with a locking door in between, which allowed us to hear every single conversation our neighbors had....lovely. There also is no standard room service menu, and its a pain to find in the online TV menu as well, so we skipped it completely. All in all, I'd give this hotel a 3 out of 5. Their customer service was excellent and friendly, but the rooms' details need a bit more work. I'd say there are certainly better hotels in the area for the price.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>Vanessa575
<Content>This is NOT a four star hotel!!!   showReview(6926100, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andrewsw
<Content>Fine, but only at the introductory half-price rate   showReview(6910781, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Catwoman71
<Content>Positives and negatives   showReview(6837720, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moxxigirl
<Content>Average Stay, Better Places In Seattle   showReview(6822634, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	4	2	3	

<Author>traveltips
<Content>wow   showReview(6599184, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Polarwanderer
<Content>Great new hotel in Seattle!   showReview(6565684, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bev-TRIP
<Content>We loved it,except,   showReview(6490390, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twinchaos
<Content>Fantastic Rooms- great service!   showReview(6470112, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel mit kleinen Fehlern   showReview(20551650, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(19633136, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Besser gehts nicht!   showReview(16603979, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cvandinther
<Content>Einfach Perfekt   showReview(11097256, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

