<Author>MinnFrequentTraveler
<Content>Clean, Friendly  My nephew was married at the hotel, and the large majority of the guests stayed here - some of us, for the entire weekend.The staff was very friendly, the place very clean - rooms and common areas. They do a great deal for happy hour, and the food from the bar/restaurant is good.I wasn't thrilled that it was going to be held at an Embassy Suites, but was very pleasantly surprised.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>glb310
<Content>About what I expected I wanted a hotel close to the airport and got just that. However, I did not get just an average hotel. Sure, the faucet was leaky, the lighting bad (econowise fluorescent) and a broken panel on the dresser was a distraction, but it was a great room. Given that the property is going on twenty years old, the place is well kept and the staff is wonderful. The breakfast was better than expected and the airport shuttle was right on time both to and from LAX. I felt totally safe to leave my car in the underground parking and my overall experience was an A+. If you want a safe and clean place to stay close to the airport then this is it.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chufa
<Content>OK but some problems OK hotel room: all suites (living room and bedroom)Big problems with breakfast - small breakfast room, slow service and long waitingSuitable for passengers with family or business travelers in transit Reasonable clean Very noisyMust pay for parking  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>abraddock
<Content>Good central location Stayed as a family of four at the start of our holiday touring the national parks and further north.Friendly staff, good breakfast but do get down quite early to avoid rush, free access to computer and internet in business room.The corner suite was ideal but do check wording we thought we had two sofa beds, one in our room as well as one in living room, however not the case.Good value bus shuttle through the day to Manhattan Beach well worth doing. VIP tours also good located nearby.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>SpencerLV
<Content>Terrible experience We are frequent travelers, long-time members of Hilton HHonors, and usually love Embassy Suites and have stayed at a countless number of their hotels. I am very disappointed to say that this is the first time we had a terrible stay.Check-in was fine, and since this was a one night stay before an early flight the next morning, we opted for a cheaper, non-suite room. It was oddly placed in the far back corner on one of the floors, and it looked like it was put there as an afterthought, across from a noisy janitor closet/utility area. Although the hotel is non-smoking, the room smelled like a smoker stayed there and took liberties breaking the rules, so we called the front desk and they moved us to another room and gave us a free upgrade to a suite.In the second room, the floors were a bit dirty, but we thought we could endure given the short duration of the stay until we went into the bathroom: there was a large hole in the wall where someone kicked or punched it in, and the tub was *disgusting*. It had little black dots all over it, like someone had spilled a bag of charcoal and didn't clean it up. We were so grossed out we immediately called the front desk and moved to another room. It too wasn't terribly clean but it was adequate enough to stay put as we were tired of shuffling around at that point (after 9:30pm).All three rooms and the hotel in general are in sore need of updating. Bathroom fixtures were rusted and loose, the carpets were very old and tired, and the pickled oak furniture was outdated and beaten up. The sitting room in the third room we were put in didn't have a coffee table, while there was one in the second room, and the sofas and chairs had seen much better days. The elevators were dirty - someone had spilled food and it wasn't cleaned, at least as long as we were there. I have to admit that I didn't sleep well, worrying half the night that I would get bedbugs or worse from that room!I will give credit where it's due, the staff was friendly and the restaurant and waiter were quite good. But we noticed that the clientele was... how can I put this nicely... were very loud, noisy, no control over kids - more of the 1-2 star hotel guest variety - and that was shocking as all the Embassy Suites we've stayed in were quiet and catered to more polite, quiet, business or well-behaved family types. Staff made no attempt to remind guests to control themselves or their kids, and the pool area was overrun and the business center was full of pre-teens surfing the web.Considering how many hotels there are in the LAX vicinity, this Embassy Suites really needs to get its act together, renovate, and clean up in order to keep up with its namesake brand and retain customer loyalty. We, on the other had, will be looking for another LAX hotel for next time and strongly suggest anyone else do the same.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Tosham
<Content>Excellent Stay!!!       fitness center  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kkrs
<Content>Convenient location and very Helpful Staff We stayed for 2 nites for my son to have surgery at a orthopedic specialist near LAX, so wanted a suite for him to have privacy before he could fly back the next day. The staff was really helpful and gave a great suggestion for Italian take out, since he couldn't leave the room. They delivered right to the suite door, and it was VERY good, inexpensive and generous portions. There was both air conditioning repair one day and water pipe repair the second. We needed water when my son returned from surgery and the kitchen brought up 3 pitchers. Wasn't optimal having all these repairs going on, but the manager was good about informing people w/ letters to the suites and the staff seemed good about accomodating to needs. And, they are trying to keep up the facility.We didn't notice guest noise as much as building noise.....it seemed a steady buzz and a vibration in the wall.The location was very convenient, the suite worked great for our needs - having privacy, having a lot of room, having a kitchenette. Also since I needed to work while I tended to him, the high speed internet was great to use and was easy to connect to. Also, the business office has free internet use which is quite nice, a lot of places charge for the use by the minute, which can really add up. We had some unusual needs and requests and the staff was very helpful. From the front desk, to the restaurant, to the bar, to the bellman, etc.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>M-man11
<Content>A pleasant surprise! We booked our room several months ago to assure a vacancy at this ever-popular establishment, located at the juncture of several airport hotels. Since everyone seems to know the attraction of the ES, there is no need to elaborate. Suffice to say, we were a bit apprehensive given two extremely negative reviews about servivce, maintenance, upkeep. In fact, I wrote a general letter of concern to Embassy Suites and was amazed, a few days later, that Mr. Lester, assistant general manager to this property, replied! He had read the complaints and would do everything possible to improve on the situation. What professionalism! And he kept his word.I should point out that we were not given any priority treatment or any kind of bonus. We were treated with the respect that any client should receive. That began at check-in and ended at check-out. All questions were answered accurately and courteously. Our transfers to and from LAX were also handled professionally. Our rooms were the standard two-room suite configuration and were clean and quiet. Even so, we always bring along earplugs just in case of unwanted noise later. The drinks at Happy Hour were well made and poured and the nachos, chips and dip, popcorn sufficient finger food. I like the atrium's appearance and the sufficient number of tables, even on a busy afternoon. Tables and the area were kept clean. At breakfast, omelets were made to order, although there were no sausages as might be found at other properties. No problem with that. There was also plenty of fresh fruit, juice, coffee, cereal, breads. There was never any problem with noise.The only problems we encountered--and I have subsequently notified Mr. Lester of this--was the absence of items on the menu for dinner at the Century Cafe restaurant. For example, there was no fish for the fish tacos, although by asking for ahi (tuna) to be substituted, one could get this dish. But the service was excellent and reflected careful attention to details. We still enjoyed ourselves quite well.One of the things Mr. Lester asked us to do when staying here was to keep an open mind and judge for ourselves the level of quality. Thank you, sir, for that advice. We should all apply that when staying at any lodging. I also recommend that anyone viewing a slue of negative reviews write the management. If she/he responds, this is a good sign that whatever problems were present might very well be handled by the time of one's arrival.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>june47
<Content>Do not stay here! If I could give zero I would! Absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.The rooms were an okay size but had a horrible droning noise in them. Food at the hotel restaurant included reheated frozen scallops and uncooked cauliflower. We were unable to eat it. Absolutely vile.Sheets appeared dirty.Disappointing breakfast.Terrible stay.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colinl
<Content>Noisy with indifferent staff We stayed at this hotel at the end of our 8 day trip to CA, unfortunately this was a big mistake. There were a catalogue of problems; The first room that we had was facing the main road and was very noisy, far too noisy to sleep in, we were then moved to another room and this was not suitable as all the rooms on one side of the hotel get noise from either the cooling tower or the kitchen. We were finally given a room that was not noisy, but in the process of finding this room we were shown a room with guests already in bed! We were compensated with $100 food voucher, unfortunately the food was deep fried and inedible. This is not what we have come to expect from a Hilton family hotel, if possible stay at a different hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Yankdo
<Content>Satisfactory Stay for the right price We recently stayed atthe Embassy Suites North at LAX. We had to stay for 2 nights to visit family in LA before boarding a cruise ship in San Pedro (port of los angeles). We were travelling with 2 teenage children so wanted the two room suite and breakfast buffet option. We got a rate of 125.00 for first night and 139.00 for second night through AAA which I thought was good for the amount of space. 2 queen beds and 1 pull out couch.We arrived at 11 pm and found the hotel shuttle right outside from the baggage carousel. Make sure you are getting on the Embassy suites LAX NORTH shuttle as there is another embassy suites LAX South which is confusing. The shuttle we took also serviced the Marriott which I found odd but perhaps it was the late evening arrival. Even with a stop at the Marriott first it only took 5 to 7 minutes to be delivered right to the front door of the hotel. Check in was very easy but we had missed the food room service hours and they did not serve any food at the restaurant or room service after 11 pm. I thought I had read that they had 24 hour room service so my hubby was not happy. they did have a little market and he bought some really gross burritos and even grosser cheese pizzas for the kids to microwave in the room -- $38.00 dollars worth to be exact.We were on the second floor which was pretty easy but now about the room. Just know that the first impression of the room was really not good and I was wanting to ask for another room but as mentioned above I had a very hungry and tired family who had been fllying for 8 hours and were still dealing with the time change which made it like 4 am so we settled for what we were given. The rug was musty smelling and there was a 24 inch diameter red stain on the rug in the bedroom. The tub in the bathroom looked oldish and scratched and never looked as though it had been cleaned. Just tired and old finish I think. The linens and beds were clean and exceptionally comfortable. The rooms and the bathroom were very spacious and the balcony was huge although there were sandbags at the slider (this may account for the musty/damp smell) and no chairs out on the balcony. There wasn't much reason to sit outside but a chair would be nice.The kitchenette area had a small fridge, tiny microwave and coffeemaker. and small stainless sink. There was a table and chairs for 4 for dining, however, there were no utensils or silverware. They did provide papertowels so we used it for plates to serve the gross pizza. We stayed on a Saturday night and we now realize there must have been a wedding or function earlier on Saturday because the party noise continued all and I mean ALL night long. We did not hear any noise from the street or the airport/planes but the walls were paper thin. There was a bunch of girls next door who stayed up all night long laughing and singing and Banging the doors shut. This is how thin the walls are -- everytime someone would close/bang the door shut next door, our headboard would shutter and shake with so much movement as to wake you up even if you had somehow managed to doze off a bit. Again we were so exhausted that we did not want to move our room and just put up with it. To tell the truth we were also a bit intimidated by the numbers of partyers and did not want to antagonize any drunks. The next morning there was trash everywhere in front of our room with dirty cups/glasses. The breakfast made up for a lot. It was huge with lots of choices and lots of fruit, pastries, eggs, sausage and a made to order omelette station. We rented a car for the day from Budget which is directly across the street. That was really handy to just leave the car off and run across the street the same night. We needed a ride out to the cruise ship pier and the girl at the front desk was very helpful.We used Super Shuttle and were able to get picked up right from the hotel and taken directly by van to the San Pedro pier. $69.00 for 4 people with all our luggage. We were told that a cab could run at least 80 before tip so the Super Shuttle was great. We also reserved them to pick us up at the dock on the ship's return and that was $68.00 for 4 and very efficient.OK back to the hotel -- overall the hotel was a little on the shabby side not what you'd expect from the Hilton chain but the location was excellent, the breakfast buffett was excellent , the pool area was clean and nice, and oh yes the boys had dinner in the century restaurant down stairs and the food was very good and fair priced for hotel food, and the rooms and bathroom were spacious. If you can get the right price this place is really not a bad choice especially if you need the space. Almost forgot -- the wifi was $9.95 for 24 hours. We had trouble getting the wi ficonnection to work and had to call GTS ourselves which was a pain. If I had been there for business I would have been quite annoyed. I think in this day and age it is really ridiculous to charge for wi/fi. It's like charging for basic cable TV.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>bdeutsch
<Content>Run Hard  I have never taken the time to do this before, but based on the experience we had here, feel obliged to warn others. First, I am a Hilton Honors Silver level member and have stayed here, because of family in the area, off and on now for about 9-years. In this timeframe, the condition of the hotel has deteriorated as has the quality and attitude of the staff.This time, we were assigned a room that had a sprung door and smelled moldy. Bed is tired as are the pillows. I was surprised that a free morning paper is no longer part of the package (as it is at other Hilton properties worldwide). The free breakfast has also been reduced in both what is available and the overall quality of the items offered. I think the defining moment for this trip was when we returned from a day with family, around 6:00PM and found that the room still had not been serviced. Tried calling frontdesk and housekeeping, and found that the quick connect buttons on the phones did not work. Then went down to frontdesk and was told that housekeeping was only done on request (????). I asked that if this was the policy, why were we not told about it when we checked-in and that this is not Hilton policy. Then asked for the Manager. She told me that this was not the policy and suggested that we likely had put a Do Not Disturb sign on the door. I assured her that we did not. Anyway, after some discussion, Housekeeping showed-up and gave us new towels, coffee, etc. They also left a little present on the floor of the bathroom that was not there when we left (looked like a piece of chewed bubble gum) as well as in the bathroom sink (essentially the top of the drain).We are not demanding guests but somehow were made to feel like we inconvenienced hotel staff and management by asking them to do what it is they are supposed to do.We will never stay here again and I will be writing a very long letter to Hilton.Please understand that I am not embellishing anything mentioned and I might have hit them on an off day but IMHO, this place is a dump that is in dire need of renovation and new staff.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Daffyfam
<Content>A Very Nice Stay We had a suite since we had six family members. The room was quite, clean and well taken care of. The room didn't smell like your typical hotel room it was much better. The down side was that you were charged extra to use the internet and it didn't work well. We had two laptops, a Dell and Apple so it wasn't our computers. They had to give us several codes before it worked properly. The pool was very nice and clean. The breakfast was really good,and we found the gift shop with better deals than some of the local stores. We stayed there primarily because they were on a list for Starline tours which provided shuttles to and fro. After checking out we stored our luggage in our van during the tour with no extra charge for parking. Our van and articles were safe in their secured parking garage. If I ever return to LA., I would definately stay again. It is a little pricey but again, you get what you pay for. We were very pleased.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>anotherbusinesstrip
<Content>great 1 night stay for early LAX flight This is a great choice for a short stay if you are flying in or out of LAX. Rooms are fairly spacious, King bed is very soft and comfortable with the pillowtop. The hotel is SURPRISINGLY quiet considering I was on 2nd floor with cars, trucks and buses rumbling by right outside, not to mention planes taking off and coming in on final approach. Once the sliding door to the very small terrace was closed, I didn't hear a thing. Free drinks nightly for everyone at the manager's reception with some light snacks as well. Breakfast was fast and good.Shuttle bus to the airport (3-4 minute ride) runs every 15 mniutes.I paid $199 after booking at the last minute.I would recommend this hotel and will stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BernieMaggie
<Content>would not recommend I checked in with several bags on the trolley, was provided my two rooms, and was assured they were connecting. Took the elevator up to the sixth floor or so with the bags, opened the door to one of the rooms....and discovered they were not connecting! Shortly after this discovery, the young man who had checked me in entered the room, I figured he was going to move me to connectors. Actually, he was there to see if I was finished with the trolley, as they were in short supply. I informed him of the connector problem, and he informed me he could get me a connector, but one of the rooms would be much smaller; he then showed me this configuration. I said I'd meet him at the front desk to change.I hauled all the bags back down to the front desk, where another couple was not happy about the lack of baggage trolleys. They had had enough, and decided to cancel.I decided on a third room configuration for my gang, which I was assured had connectors. We made the arrangements, and I hauled the bags up to a high floor again. I got to the rooms, and they were not connecting!I, as well, had had enough, and cancelled and moved to another hotel, just around the corner, where the experience was much different, and service and accomodations were exceptional.From my very brief experience at this Embassy Suites, it appears that they may be understaffed. The rooms and the property are IMHO tired and not fresh and bright.I would not consider this property again unless the property underwent a significant upgrade, and we are fairly frequent Hilton guests.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>andrewsydney
<Content>One night ... rooms tired but fine ... but leave enough time for the flights ! We spent one night here before an early morning flight to Denver from LAX. We dropped off our rental car at Hertz who took us to the hotel, which is very close. The rooms are spacious but tired. The breakfast was great, with freshly cooked pancakes and omelettes a treat! If we need a LAX hotel again we would use this one.One note of caution - the shuttle to the airport goes every 15 minutes. It took us another 25 minutes to get to our terminal (United). The front desk the morning before quoted us about 10 minutes. Be careful - leave yourself enough time. We had plenty spare and were travelling very early so avoided the worst of the traffic but be careful!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Baileybasset
<Content>Good  We stayed here 1 night both before and after a flight to Florida. The bad.....On the first stay, a Friday night, there wasn't any bottled water waiting in the room. This has always been supplied due to my Hilton Honors Silver level. We also called Housekeeping to request an additional blanket, but it never came. The shower head was coming off the tile wall and didn't supply much pressure. In the dining room, they still use the old credit card machine with carbon.At 5 AM on the morning of check out, the toilet overflowed in the bathroom. We shut the water off and I immediately called the front desk to request help. The response was we can move you to a different room. There is not anyone to send up. I am alone at the front desk. We were leaving on the 6 AM shuttle, so we put towels down to soak up what water we could and tried to finish dressing in the other room. A hotel of this size and quality, should have more than 1 person on duty. Upon check out we were informed that we should have called the front desk directly for the blanket. Also, there was no apology for the inconvenience. And there were several people standing around behind the desk when we left.The good....On the return stay, a Tuesday night, we were moved to a room with a view and the desk clerk immediately informed me that the bottled water was waiting in another room and would immediately be delivered, which it was. Also, we asked for the blankets up front, and they too were delivered right away. The shower worked great. Upon check out we asked the shuttle driver if he could take us to Hertz a few blocks away, which he kindly did.I think we just had one of those bad travel experiences that happen occasionally, but management needs to look into providing additional help or better training their staff to handle problems. And please upgrade the credit card machine in the dining room. Also, if you attend the free beverage reception, stay with beer or wine. The mixed drinks were very weak, if they had anything in them at all.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Monpetit
<Content>nothing to complain with For our last night in LA, after 5 first at the westin bonaventure(so,so...) and a night in Death valley, we choose the Embassy suite to be near airport and so to be cool the day of departure.The room(a corner suite) is very large and very well furnished.The traffic is high till 11 pm but after it's quite and the night has been good for the three of us.The complimentary breakfast offers a lot(even 脿 la demande omelette for those who want...).So an adress to highly recommandThe diner at the restaurant(shrimp cocktail for 3,ravioli-steakand hot wings-chocolate mousse cake and creme brulee) was perfect.Erik  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>heretodaygonetomorrow
<Content>Well worth it This was the first time we've stayed at any Embassy Suites hotel and it won't be the last. Terrific service, comfortable rooms (very large bedroom), a kiosk where you can check in to your flight if you're flying out the next day as we were, good food (breakfast especially so), express checkout, and close to all rental car drop off locations. And the kids loved the room service. Surprisingly affordable too!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CASTELMAR1
<Content>Convenient Facilities Spolit By A Rude Desk Staff Posture We selected this Hotel because its convenient location near LAX Int'l Airport. We were given a very large room, quiet, rather clean (except the worn carpet), with 2 king beds (our request was for a queen bed) Good points: The room, which was very hot at our arrival revealed an A/C breakdown which was rather quickly and well repaired. The breakfast is generous and good, with attentive service provided. The room service is acceptable. The shuttle service is convenient and frequent, chauffeured by a smiling person.Therefore, our stay would have been OK if we were not gratified with a RUDE WELCOME BY THE DESK STAFF: our car well parked near the front door has to be moved IMMEDIATELY, even before having time enough to put our luggage in the room. No welcome of any kind from the unsmiling and desinterested desk people (the desk clerk was occupied in training a new assistant, and therefore seemed disturbed by our venue). All requests we kindly made (miles on our fidelity card, description of the room proposed, map of the local area, location of the L.A. Museum of Contemporary Art, the famous MOCA) were answered negative!y, or more often just by a simple word: NO! (Ooh, what peaceful the Customer Service would be if there were never any Client coming! is likely to be the policy observed by the desk staff). As a kind of confirmation of what is said above, the check out was again very poor (no answer when we said Good Morning, nor Please nor Thank You!), with a wrong billing of 2 parking fees (16$/night), adjusted on request without any kind of apology. CONCLUSION :HOTEL OFFERING GOOD FACILITIES, SPOILT BY AN INACCEPTABLE AND UNPLEASANT DESK STAFF POSTURE. Mr HILTON Please put a notice panelled above the front desk and saying : SMILING DOESN'T CAUSE ANY HEAVY DESEASE, Please do train your desk staff and improve deeply their customer service ability, Do it for your new clients, because as far as we are concerned, we shall NEVER come back again in this Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	4	3	

<Author>turtleholidaycat
<Content>very nice we chose to stay at embassy suites for our first night after flying to los angeles as it was very close to the hertz rental site.The staff were very polite and the room was spacious and clean.The in room service food was delicious.All in all an enjoyable place to stay and very convenient to the airport. I would be happy to recommend it to anyone and will return there again when we fly to los angeles in the future.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>reesie1979
<Content>Very convenient for the airport My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites before flying back to the UK, and had a very pleasant experience. The room was as described and very clean. The breakfast was very nice and there was plenty of choice. The hotel itself is nicely laid out and the staff were very friendly - all in all, no problems!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoadTrip19Mom
<Content>Close, nice, good breakfast -Better than continental breakfast: had eggs, bacon, and pancakes available (come before 15 minutes of closing.)-Large suites; nice appointments.-Responsive staff.-Frequent shuttle to airport. (every fifteen minutes.)-You could walk to airport, if you wanted.-We stayed here our last night in LA, dropped off rental car night before, and walked the few blocks (under 5) back from Avis. They would have picked us up via shuttle if we called and waited 15 minutes or less.-Nice enough pool; gives you something to do while waiting for afternoon flight. -They let us check out an hour later; very convenient.-Nice looking atrium. Loud enough AC, while it lets you sleep you yet can't hear nearby airport noise or atrium noise.-While everything quite clean, sink and its cabinetry a little worn.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>scary_pineapple
<Content>Great value overnight at lax My family and I stayed overnight during an overnight stop-over at LAX. It was very good with a spacious room and free breakfast. The trip to the terminal was very short. We stayed there again on the way home. The pool is also a nice distraction for the kids.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>LQGuy
<Content>So-So hotel We stayed the night of July 3 at this property in order to catch a flight early on the 4th. We arrived late and were able to check in easily. The parking lot is under the hotel and we were able to find parking easily. The room was a typical Embassy Suites set up. Frankly, there was nothing remarkable about the room. It wasn't the lap of luxury, but it wasn't a dump either. If you've stayed at Embassy Suites before, there'll be no surprises. Our one complaint was the smell in the room. It was rather musty. And no matter how high or low we adjusted the thermostat, the room just recycled air without heating or cooling it.  Our departing flight left so early that we missed the breakfast, so I can't comment on the food. Would I return to this hotel when staying at LAX? Probably not. We found both the Hilton Garden Inn and Doubletree (both located to the south of LAX) to be far superior hotels for the same or lower price.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>smgapp
<Content>Great hotel with free shuttle to Manhattan beach nearby       Manhattan beach  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>sherryzzz
<Content>wonderful hotel - great service I have never stayed at an Embassy Suites hotel before. We were 4 women traveling together and wouldn't be checking in until later in the evening. I called the hotel because I was worried about not being able to get a decent, safe room if we checked in late. I was assured that a room had already been set aside for us and that all of their rooms were more than decent! And that was definitely the case. When we arrived we had a lovely room waiting for us with a personal letter and bottles of water in the suite. The suite is two large rooms - a sitting room with plenty of room for a couch, a large chair, a dining table and four chairs and a TV on a stand, plus various occaisional tables and lamps. The hallway connecting to the bedroom has a countertop and sink, with a fridge and microwave! The bedroom had plenty of room to walk around even though it had two queen beds and two armoirs in it, plus another countertop and sink/mirror area! I especially appreciated the good lighting in the sink/mirror area as with 4 ladies, we needed it for makeup! The bathroom was huge, too! I was very, very impressed. The carpet had some stains that looked like koolaid or punch, but overall everything was clean and in good condition. We were able to open the balcony slider for fresh air and we didn't hear any noise from either traffic or the airport. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>With2Kids014
<Content>Parking was a significant problem I wish I had seen the review regarding parking being a potential issue for some travelers. If I had been informed by the hotel website when I booked that they had limited parking in their single floor parking garage and used another garage on the same block for overflow parking, I would not have booked here. As it turned out I lost time looking for a space in the hotel garage before being directed to the overflow garage. Unfortunately the overflow garage was fenced in. This made it difficult to find an exit for my young children (4 and 6 year-old) and me to walk through with our luggage. We then had to walk through a poorly lit alley behind the hotel to reach the front lobby. I would not have agreed to this for my family if I had known ahead of time. I did not feel safe. It would not have been as much of an issue for me as a single person. Although I received complimentary parking, a member of management was not on site to provide me with any further compensation. Overall, we lost an hour of time searching the original garage, finding the overflow garage, finding our way out of the overflow garage, and getting to the lobby to finally check-in! Unacceptable.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	-1	3	2	

<Author>Madagascar77
<Content>Excellent value We arrived in LA from England late afternoon and wanted a stop off before travelling on to San Diego the next day, so booked the Embassy Suites after reading reviews on here. We found it friendly, clean and spacious, with a lovely breakfast which set us up nicely for the day. The free shuttle from the airport was very quick, and the next morning when we asked if we could be taken to the car hire offices (which are not in the airport grounds) this was no problem. For value and convenience, we would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>miniwalt
<Content>Great Value, lots of room good free food My wife and two teen age daughters stayed here for two nights while visiting Loyola Marymount University. We had two queen beds and a double fold out. The suite contained three sinks, a microwave, and refrigerator. The wifi internet worked very well, but there was a charge for 24 hours of about $5. The three rooms including bath, werelarge but somewhat dark. The bedroom had a sliding glass door which could be fully opened if you wanted to listen to the airport which was just a couple blocks away. We all enjoyed the free cooked to order breakfasts and the manager reception each evening, where they would provide free cocktail, nachos and popcorn. The place was clean and pleasant. The indoor pool looked like it would be a lot of fun for parents with younger children. If you are visiting Loyola, tell them and they will give you a promo code which will save you a few buck.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Madam_G
<Content>Decent. We stayed in the Queen Suite (2 beds) on the 8th flr. Room and bathroom are large, clean, but not immaculate. Carpet had soils here and there. Balcony had the view of the runway. Walls are thin, we used foam earplugs and I could still hear the planes landing. Bed was comfortable, but not heavenly. The breakfast had a great selection. Eggs/omelettes made to order, bacon, sausage, pancakes, french toast, fresh fruits, cereals, muffins, toast and your usual breakfast drinks. The manager's reception had free alcohol and snacks; popcorn, chips, party mix.The underground covered parking wasn't too bad either. If the lot was full, the attendant will park your car for you. 2nd flr is where the coin laundrymatte is located. Only 2 washers/2 dryers. A dollar each. One dryer didn't work too well.The indoor pool is loaded with clorine. The jacuzzi looked really cloudy, yikes! It's also quite noisy on the weekends, there were a lot of teenage kids so it gets pretty loud at night and especially during the breakfast hours. Overall, it was an okay hotel. The only saving grace was the free breakfast and drinks; however, in the future, I will probably look for another hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LORDLUCAN70
<Content>Great Value !!!! Stayed here as our origonal choice was fully booked and this hotel was recommended by a local friend. Great size rooms, well equiped and extremely good value. The rooms could sleep four people with free breakfast and free drinks at happy hr FOR AROUND 拢80 PER ROOM PER NIGHT!!!.You can also get free minibus throughout the week. Only problem i could really mention is it isnt too close to the action of sunset boulevard or the theme parks but if you have a car then i doubt you will find better.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>DESERTCanterbury
<Content>Good value hotel Good value hotel. We have stayed quite a few times. Good if you are a family and want space. Clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DKFAN
<Content>Enjoyed our stay I have stayed here twice - January and February. The rooms at this Embassy Suites were very nice. They are much larger than I expected. I've stayed in both the King Size and Two Queen bed rooms. Setup is almost the same in each room. Lots of mirrors in each room, which was very important for 4 women sharing. Nice dining area, refridgerator, microwave and coffee maker. 27 Inch TV provided in living room area and bedroom. The bathrooms are nice and big! They have an indoor pool and small business room They should put a time limit on the use of their two computers. Small, but nice exercise room. They have a convenient store to buy water, sodas, ice cream and traveling essentuals. They have a great Happy Hour! They also have an onsite restaurant and their complimentary breakfast buffet is just wonderful.Their front desk personnel could take a class on how to smile and how to handle guests in a pleasant manner. Their other staff is just wonderful and very helpful and friendly. Can't say enough about them.Parking is a bit tight, but they make it work. For being so close to LAX, it is amazingly quiet. Overall, very comfortable and very reasonable in price. I will stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>pianotea
<Content>wonderful all round experience A very friendly hotel with shuttle service from the airport. Lovely suite with extremely comfortable bed. Wonderful breakfast in the atrium with food made to order. Complimentary nightly happy hour in a warm and friendly room. Would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bojangs
<Content>would never stay here again We stayed at this hotel for just one night on a return trip from Hawaii. I had told them we would be late in arriving about 9 pm. They said this would not be a problem. They also said a shuttle would pick us up. We waited for one hour on the shuttle so we called again, they finally picked us up. When we arrived at the hotel they stuck us in a corner room dark and very noisy. When I complained they said we arrived late. I told them when I made the reservation they said this would be okay. She told me to take it up with reservations. I will think twice before staying in Embassy Suites again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>dottie dog
<Content>dismal - don't bother This hotel is tired. There is no gym, no business center, no shop for snacks or water. It's just dismal. Don't bother.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	1	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>teash
<Content>Great for early morning departure! I stayed here for 1 night on a business trip. The rooms at this Embassy Suites were very nice. Extremely large and well appointed accomodations. Complimentary bottled water for frequent traveler guests. Small, but nice exercise room. No free internet here. The staff provided a box breakfast since I had an early morning flight and would miss the free buffet. Great happy hour at this hotel. Clean rooms. Free shuttle to airport running every 1/2 hour starting at 4 am. Super convenient and within walking distance of numerous rental car locations. Reasonable corporate rate. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>CFIT
<Content>A pleasant business hotel Our committee stayed at Embassy Suites North LAX a single night in October '06. We used the hotel's meeting facilities.The parking entrance was a bit hard to find. It is a narrow turn-in with a small sign on the north side of Airport St. Once I figured this out, parking was no problem.The desk staff was very friendly and accommodating. They let me check in a noon.My room was fine. Much more space than I am used to having in a business hotel.I like hotels with atriums and glass elevators, so this was good for me.Our meeting group paid for wireless access for our members. The network was fast with no hiccups.Bed was comfortable. Sheets and comforter were clean. Complimentary soap, shampoo, etc by Neutrogena.Conference snack of cookies was good. Mexican food provided for dinner as merely ok. Breakfast for our group (not the complimentary one) was very good.I try to take stairs whenever possible, but you cannot go from an upper level to ground floor without setting off an alarm.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Merrilee
<Content>Clean, Quiet and a Great Value We stayed at the Embassy Suites to avoid the morning rush hour as we had an early flight from LAX. The reservation staff was very efficient and check-in was also a breeze. The hotel was very clean and surprisingly quiet. The room was large and comfortable. It is a great place to stay and an excellent value.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bayview6
<Content>Good value for $$ Got a good rate on a week-end stay. The rooms are suites and the interior furnishings are rather new and up-scale. Had to pay for internet connection and parking. My room was on the 2nd floor on the Airporter Rd so the outside noise was present but didn't interfere with sleep. Liked the atrium set-up and the free hot breakfast was very good. Had a couple of drinks at the Manager's reception. Dinner food was fine. The LAX location was pleasant even though we had to go downtown. We walked down Century Blvd at night with its colorful lights and palm trees. There are some fast food places nearby.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CVDesertNurse
<Content>Great stay  I booked my stay here as a stay and park package. The package included 7 days of underground parking, a manager's happy hour, and cooked to order breakfast. The price for one night was about the same I would have paid for a week's parking somewhere else. The hotel had gone completely nonsmoking about one month before our stay which made us very happy. Unfortunately, the first room we checked into still smelled of cigarette smoke so it must have been one of the smoking rooms prior to the change. About 15 minutes later we were given a different room. Underground parking was convenient to elevators that took you to the lobby or other floors. The room was very large with a living room area, dining table, sink, large bathroom and good sized bedroom. The manager's happy hour was really two hours which we took full advantage of. They seemed to have any drink requested as well as popcorn and nachos. We were full after snacking so we ordered a steak sandwich to split from room service which was delicious and delivered promptly. The next morning we had the made to order breakfast which provided a wide variety. The free shuttle to LAX leaves every half hour and only takes about 10 minutes. The hotel will give you a card to call after you collect your baggage for transport back to the hotel. This is the only snag I hit with my stay. They would not pick up from the international terminal so I had to go back to the domestic terminal for the airline I arrived on to be picked up. Once I was picked back up it was a short trip back to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>filam2004
<Content>Very nice, comfortable hotel Overall I find the Embassy Suites North very nice and very comfortable. The evening manager's get together is nice and the breakfast is excellent, if your flight is not at 7 AM or earlier. With high security at the airport most guest have to be at the airport at least 2 hours early so most guest cannot use the free breakfast service, although the coffee, fruit, juice, and pastries become available around 5:30 AM.The only disappointment is they charge for hgh speed internet when surrounding hotels supply high speed internet access for free. I just pull up to the window and use my wireless to access the Four Points Sheraton accross the street. There is also free free Wi-Fi in the area around the hotel so why do they charge their guests?  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slave
<Content>What a dump We have just come back from a nights stay at this hotel. On arrival at LAX aiport I was informed by the hotel that the transport shuttle was not available, so take a taxi and they would re-imburse us. Obviously that did not take into account the gratuity that we had to pay the taxi driver. When we arrived at the hotel we were given a room with one double bed, when I had clearly booked a room with 2 double beds due to the fact that I had a 13 and 15 year old with us. When we got to the room it was clearly a smoking room and very tatty.(I had also booked a non smoking room). After a lot of discussion with the hotel they gave us another room which also was a smoking room, we had to leave the air conditioning off to help get rid of the smell. The hotel had no outdoor pool. The waitress dropped my husbands meal on the floor at the evening meal. Therefore his meal came much later than ours. The comlimentary breakfast was the worst I have had. I would suggest that they give this hotel a major overall. I am glad we only had to spend the night there. I have stayed in embassy suites before and they are not all like this one.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Carlstadt
<Content>Parking Issue, but Excellent otherwise We stayed in the Embassy Suites LAX North for 2 nights in July, 2006.First, the bad news. While I read in prior reviews that parking was OK, I found the parking situation at this hotel to be unsatisfactory, to be kind.There appears to be just 1 level of parking, which was beneath the hotel. We got back late the 2 nights that we were there, and the lot was full.What to do?We wound up going next door to an independent lot. I got turned around walking back to my hotel.Do I really need to face a parking problem when dealing with a hotel? I found this disconcerting. On the upside: outside of the parking issue, the hotel was simply outstanding. The room was enormous, it was a suite. It had 2 rooms, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was fine.Quiet is very important to me. I read a prior review that said noise was an issue. I did not have that problem.In fact, you walk to the back of the suite to get to the sleeping area, which is well away from the front door of the suite.All the suites face the atrium, looking down on the restaurant on the ground floor.The breakfast is included at it may be the best inclusive breakfast in the hotel industry.There were many tables available, I found the staff worked quickly to clean up dirty dishes. Conclusion: If you don't mind a possible parking issue, this hotel was outstanding. It is right down the block from, LAX, and from Hertz, if you rent a car from them. The nearest freeway is just minutes away. I informed the front desk about the parking issue each night, and the girls removed the parking charge each night from my bill, as I had to park elsewhere. All in all, this hotel is excellent, but keep the parking situation in the back of your mind, as a possible issue for you.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AJSG
<Content>Great hotel, good value We stayed here for two nights before a flight out of LAX back home. What a great value $125 for two adults two teens with a great breakfast ( omlets, bacon, sausage, hash browns, pancakes, cereals danish and great coffee) and a happy hour with an open bar. We had a rented car from Budget and had to return it and were happy to see that there located right accross the street. A short drive to Venice Beach and Santa Monica Pier and other attractions. Rooms were very clean and a nice class of people.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yr19
<Content>Great hotel! This hotel was great. The rooms were clean and very roomy. I liked having the two rooms because it meant that my mom and I could have some space from each other and were not crowded into one room. The pool and hot tub were great. I liked the complientery breakfast, and I liked that they went beyond just bacon and eggs. The only problem I had at the hotel had to do with very loud neighbors. These people woke me at 3 am with their loud talking and laughing. It bothered me that the hotel mangement didn't do anything about it until I got fed up and called the front desk. I would think that a four star hotel would have better sound proofing! Other then that , this hotel was excellent.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dorset_Eagle
<Content>Great hotel near the airport We (family of two adults and four children aged between 5 and thirteen) stayed here for two nights on the first part of our West Coast tour. We chose it because of the good reviews and as it was close to the airport. We spent a day in Santa Monica and the second day I drove into Hollywood/Beverley Hills. We had a comfortable room with a view of the airport. The manager's reception was excellent and we were all quite impressed with the complimentary breakfast. Although you have to pay to park, it was easy, with plenty of spaces and it felt secure. I would certainly use this hotel again if were ever in LA as it was excellent value for money. The only downside was that the pool was out of service for maintenance.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>patnlcc
<Content>Average hotel Average airport hotel. Obviously very well used with lots of human traffic, carpets, furniture in public areas looking a bit shabby. Room was perfectly OK. The ES setup is good insofar as the bedroom is the rear bit of the room, so no passing noise from other guests. We were aware of outside traffic noise but it was not intrusive. Slept very well. Breakfast OK, lots of used tables, and staff working hard to keep everything moving. Service tables pretty messy, but for an overnight it was OK - nothing more.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Loren05
<Content>What a great night sleep My kids and I really enjoyed our stay. We love Embassy Suites! The parking garage below ground was signed and easy to find. We checked in just as the evening reception was ending but the girl at the front desk offered to hold our bags so we could get a drink and a snack. The bartender already had the closed sign up but was nice enough to give us a round of drinks. The man cleaning up the snacks kept bringing us plates to our table. I have never had such great service before. Our room was the usual nice Embassy room. We were on the airport side so we could stand on our balcony and watch the planes. The room was very quiet. The beds were super comfy and had very soft sheets. The pool was clean and the kids loved it. Breakfast was good as usual. It is the first time I have ever had to pay for parking at an Embassy Suites but it is LAX after all and the lot is very safe and secure. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whistlingdixiejr
<Content>Very Nice Airport Hotel I stayed at the Embassy Suites LAX North for one night on May 18, 2006. The hotel was easy to find; however, it is nearly impossible to park temporarily just to check in and drop off your luggage. The pull-in area is very small and is usually crowded with cars (despite the no-parking signs) and the hotel's shuttle. I ended up simply turning in my car at the Avis lot and walking the 1/4 mile to the hotel dragging all my luggage.When I checked in, the lady at the desk did not offer any luggage help and did not tell me anything about the breakfast or shuttle times without me asking. I dragged all my stuff up to my room and then could not open the door. The light turned green, but the handle would not open. I took all my luggage back down to the desk and the lady said some of the handles were installed upside-down, but they didn't know which ones, so just try pulling it up instead of down. I dragged everything back up to the room (I was very tired by now), pulled the handle up, and it worked.Once I got in the room, I was very pleased. There was a small kitchen area, a large living room, a very nice bathroom with two sinks in it, a bedroom which also had a sink, and a balcony.The manager had left a personalized letter welcoming me as a Hilton HHonors member along with two bottles of water, which I thought was a nice touch.Although the bedroom was on the back side of the hotel, I could still hear quite a bit of traffic noise.I arrived too late for the manager's reception and left too early for the breakfast so I can't comment on those.The shuttle was ready and waiting at 5:00 a.m., though, which was great for me since I had to catch a 6:30 flight. I didn't even need to call for it.Overall, the stay was good, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davidf37
<Content>Good But..... Stayed here on 4/28. Had no problem with the hotel except for the fact they did not have a non-smoking room available for me. If not for the fact that my room stunk of tobacco, I would've had no complaints at all.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Rate-Great Food-Great Location This hotel is great after just arriving or getting ready to leave LA. Minutes from the airport and they offer free shuttle service. We rent a car from Budget (which is literally on the opposite corner of the hotel) and return it the night before our flight, walk back to the hotel and then take the shuttle to the airport. Included in the room rate is a delicious cooked to order breakfast each morning. The indoor pool is OK - a little cave-like but it does the job. They also have HBO and Cartoon Network - heaven! This hotel is clean and a good bargain. They are also close to attractions such as the LaBrea tar pits, Hollywood Blvd, Rodeo Drive and Sunset Ranch (great trail rides through the Hollywood Hills). Also, if you're into snowboarding/skiing check out Mt. Baldy - about 45 minutes from this hotel. My husband and son went snowboarding on our trip in April and were very impressed by the size of the mountain.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>merrytime
<Content>great lax airport we enjoyed our stay at the embassy suites as an end to our california vacation. We wanted to be near the airport. We checked our car back at hertz and were given a ride to the hotel. No need for a car, because a shuttle comes every 30 minutes and takes you to the airport. Very pretty on the inside. We took advantage of everything. Small but adequate fitness room, medium and adequate indoor heated pool and hot tub, complimentary cocktail hour. Then my son noticed domino's pizza being delivered to a room, we ended up doing the same thing for the kids, and my husband and i went downstairs and ate at the restaurant. The suite was perfectly sized. The next morning we ate a huge cooked to order breakfast. Eggs, hashbrowns, hot chocolate, coffee, juice etc.... Then we went to the airport. My ten year old son liked this place the best of the places we stayed at in california, he enjoyed the pizza and the pool. It was nice for what we wanted. The only downside was when we checked in. The girl who checked us in was so mechanical and aloof that I began to get angry and said something. She fired a ton of questions at us without ever looking up, like an unfriendly robot, Thankfully, she did not set the tone for the rest of our visit. It was a nice stay  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sonjaandrob
<Content>Excellent I stayed at Embassy Suites with my boyfriend, mother and sister as a stop over on the way to a awaiting cruise ship. We only stayed the one night but I could have easily stayed more. Check-in was quick and hassle free - except they tried charging us $40 more per room than what I had booked over the internet (due to some occupancy tax, claiming I had not stated I had booked 2 people into each room). This was easily sorted though and once I had showed the receptionist my e-mail confirmation they agreed to keep to the internet price without any fuss. We booked two rooms and both were exceptionally large, clean and tidy. Both had two double beds which were really comfortable and each had a massive bathroom. They had a separate living room area as well which came complete with sofa, TV and a little kitchenette (fridge, kettle, microwave). If you want a cup of tea though, take your own milk, as we were not provided with any.My only concern about the hotel was its proximity to the airport. I thought it would be very noisy due to the planes but I couldn't hear a thing from our room. We got a free newspaper in the morning which was nice. The complimentary breakfast was very good and served in the atrium downstairs. There was a good selection of cereals and pastries and there was a small kitchen where the staff cooked your breakfast infront of you whilst you waited. I opted for a cheese omelette and hashbrowns followed by pancakes, which were all very delicious.I did not get to see the swimmming pool or experience any other facilities at the hotel but from the short time I was there, I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to other travellers.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Good for Kids not for kids. they have hbo on there tv and the front desk could not block it. so i could not let my 3 preteens watch tv after 9pm for fear of them seeing something worse then r rated. would not go back with kids.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>smilyus
<Content>Decent Hotel - Great if LAX is your main concern Embassy Suites North LAX Rooms 鈥?clean and large. We had two TVs and separate living spaces in our room. Not too bad for the cheap priceline bid for a standard room. The fridge/microwave were standard but nice to have. Internet access available for a fee (not free) so I was a little disappointed in that. Bathroom was clean and the shower was hot. Towels were adequate. Beds 鈥?A bit soft. They didn鈥檛 seem as firm as the typical hotel bed. Many pillows. Alarm clock/wake up call 鈥?We used the wakeup call. They called with a standard computer message. It worked. Checkin/Checkout 鈥?Friendly and fast. Was able to checkout 鈥渆xpress鈥?by just calling when I needed to leave. They also allowed us to check in at noon (we arrived at 11 a.m.) and provided an area for the suitcases so we could enjoy a lunch at the restaurant while we waited. Free breakfast 鈥?Great! They offered the usual cereals, rolls, and fruit but also had a grill to order eggs, French toast, etc鈥?I had a delicious eggbeaters omelet. Restaurant 鈥?Offered standard fare. I enjoyed a fish taco that was good but not four star. The fresh sourdough bread was excellent.  Social Hour 鈥?Free social hour was offered from 5:30-7:30. Included two free drinks of your choice (alcoholic or non-alcoholic) and some snacks such as nachos, pretzels, etc.. Can鈥檛 complain about a little free food and drink. Pool/Exercise Equipment 鈥?Pool was smallish. Exercise equipment was standard (treadmills, elliptical, a few weights) but worked fine. Lobby 鈥?High cellings and lots of sitting area. No major complaints except it never seemed that secure (see below). Security 鈥?I don鈥檛 know if I liked the 鈥渙pen鈥?style of the hotel room (i.e. all rooms facing an atrium/lobby) 鈥?there seemed to be less privacy than traditional hotel floor styles. I heard a fellow guest complaining of a strange guy in the laundry room on one of the floors. I wouldn鈥檛 be surprised if people could sneak in past the lobby and 鈥渨ander鈥?around in that hotel. Door locks seemed fine with room. Laundry room 鈥?nice big washers and dryers. I noticed that one of the dryers didn鈥檛 鈥渄ry鈥?the clothing as well as I would have liked. $1 dollar a load so standard price. Noise 鈥?Nice and quiet. Couldn鈥檛 hear neighbors even though they seemed to have kids so I assume the walls are well-insulated. Shuttle bus 鈥?It was free and was on time. No problems. We called to ask when they left and got to the airport quickly. Hotel is close and quick even for a Monday morning at LAX.  Neighborhood 鈥?Lots of other hotels nearby 鈥?Buisness/Airport-like. Burger King down the street and a few other 鈥渉otel鈥?restaurants within walking distance for additional food choices. Not close to anything besides the airport so if you want to go 鈥渟omewhere鈥?a rental car/taxi/tour would need to be considered. Tours 鈥?Hotel had a contract with a tour company that offered various 鈥淗ollywood鈥?or area tours for an additional fee. We went on a 鈥渃ondensed鈥?4-5 hour tour of the area since we hadn鈥檛 been to LA before. We saw the Hollywood sign, the Chinese theater, rodeo drive, farmers market, etc鈥?We were dropped off and picked up from the hotel lobby.  Overall, it was a great hotel if you need something close to LAX esp. if on business or just 鈥渢raveling鈥?through for a day. For vacation purposes/longer stays, I would probably go into another hotel in LA closer to main attractions or the beach.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mosh
<Content>very nice airport hotel Was very pleased with this hotel. Rooms are very large, well appoingted but with plenty of space for luggage etc. Breakfast was more than adequate, with made-to-order omelets, and the whole facility was immaculate and actually worked! Only negatives we noted were shuttle service from LAX is on request which we didn't know and lost some time waiting curbside before calling, and if you rent a car or drive, note that hotel parking is $15.00 per nite. Since it is very close to the airport the aircraft noise might bother light sleepers/children.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent. Wish all hotels were this cheap and this gorgeous. Stayed here one night 10/1 through priceline paid $70.This hotel is a four star for sure. In the middle of airport hotels, no need for a car if you have flight immediately before or after. Except the rest of LA is at least 15 miles away, the closest mall is 5 miles away (think cab fare) and the major road is off Rt. 405 where traffic is a bit insane, even on a Saturday night.The hotel staff is really very nice. I asked Any way I can get a nicer room on a high floor? And they said Of course you can. They did but I have a feeling all of the rooms were just as nice.The hotel itself is VERY clean. The rooms are very nice, very well-maintained and very updated. Very nice. We were impressed the moment we stepped foot in our suite. Large marble bathrooms, really comfy king size beds in a separate bedroom and spacious living room (couch, chair, dining table and kitchennette).. What was MOST impressive, which makes us want to go back every time, is the breakfast. The Continental Breakfast, which all of us are used to cold dry bagels and toast, is actually an all you can eat buffet, with a kitchen grill where the staff will make you ANYTHING you want COMPLIMENTARY. Omelettes, Pancakes, French Toast, Sausage, Bacon, whatever. And the cold stuff is there too. Cereal, Muffins, Pastries, Bagels, Fruit... Amazing. You need to take advantage of it to appreciate it.Definetely worth going back. Good for you if you win or book this hotel. You will be pleased. I wish all hotels were like this one.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoot007
<Content>great hotel A great hotel close to the airport but no noise of the planes. A very good buffet breakfast , very friendly staff. The only downside was the pool and spa were out of action and we were not told prior of this.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maisany
<Content>Very Convenient To Hertz Rental Stayed here Labor Day Sunday. It was really convenient, as I discovered, to the Hertz rental returns. The hotel is just a half mile up the road from the return lot, and after turning in the car, Hertz gave me a free ride back to the hotel, so it made the whole process very easy.I got the reservation extremely cheap through PL, so I had absolutely no complaints about the cost. The room was somewhat far from the elevator, and there's only one (elevator, that is), but other than that, the suite was your usual ES, roomy and comfortable room.The TV in the bedroom was a little on the dark side, and I couldn't find a brightness adjustment, but I was able to swing a WiFi connection for free, so I was pleased about that.The free breakfast is pretty standard but very convenient if you're leaving for the airport. They have a griddle stand where you can order your standard breakfast fare, including eggs, pancakes, bacon, etc, plus they have all of the other cold items, such as cereals and some freshly cut melons.I will also note that they listed a laundry on the second floor (I was on 4). Although I didn't use it, this is something that I would in other instances and I am sure that others would find very useful on an extended trip.I've also stayed at the Radisson near LAX and I think this one is more convenient for a number of reasons, although I might pick the Radisson if I really didn't need breakfast or to return a car (not that it really matters on PL since you don't get to pick anyway!)  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent inexpensive airport hotel This hotel is on the south side of the airport, apart from the hotels near the northeast entrance to the airport off Century Blvd. While it is directly across the street from airport runways, it is considerably farther from the gates than the north side hotels, noting the huge size of LAX. The rental car shuttles won't drop you off here (too far); while they will drop you off on the northeast side hotels. The ambiance of the hotel is much nicer than the Embassy North, with a New Orleans-style balcony / atrium. The suites are remarkably quite, and large enough for 5-6 people, with a sink in the lavatory, a sink in the dressing room, and a bar with fridge, microwave, bar, coffeemaker and sink. Room service food and service was good. An iron and board are in the closet. The evening manager's party consisted of drinks (beer or wine) popcorn and chips. The AM breakfast featured cook to order eggs, bacon, etc. The crowd wasn't bad for the free food. The pool was nice but heavily used that day - the water in the pool and in the hot tub was a little murky. The fitness room was small but adequate. The desk was definately under staffed Sunday night. When I called for the shuttle from the airport counter phone, the line rang and rang for minutes, with no one picking up. I finally called the hotel general number from my cellphone, and after a long wait I was finally connected to someone who told me the shuttle would be there in 20 minutes, which was true. Getting back to the airport at 8:00 am was no problem via the shuttle (the security line at LAX was another story - 1 hour wait). Hotel service was friendly. This place was fine for the money. No particular reason to go back, we'll try something else next time.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Los Angeles Hotel I stayed here in June because i was waiting for my house to get built in Los Angeles I loves the Embassay Suited North At Lax. The Rooms were very big and the breakfast was good and it was a very big hotel. The Staff was polite. The neighborhood is okay it has a subway by it and Lax Cafe it has a ton of stuff surrounding it. It isnt far from Santa Monica and The beaches a great location for first time Los Angeles Visitors i have stayed at the sheraton at lax on century blvd and the Hilton at Lax on Century Blvd. I like the Embassay Suites the most Take a visit to Los Angeles and stay here. Los Angeles is a great city full of a culture a great climate and it is near Manhattan beach south of LAX.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ajwkmills
<Content>Perfect for a stopover We stayed here for one night as we needed to be by the airport for an early flight. The rooms are spacious and clean and very quiet considering how close we were to the airport. When we arrived at LAX we called for the shuttle and they said it would be quicker to call a cab and they would re-imburse, no problem, they reibursed as soon as we checked in. I would recommend this hotel if you are needing a hotel close and convenient to LAX. One of the best things about the hotel was that I got it for $45 through Priceline  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mauiguy1
<Content>Wheres the van? I had problems from the start on both of my stays at this hotel. I arrived late both times and called the hotel for van pick up. Each time I made no less then 3 calls to the hotel and each time I waited over one hour without being picked up. After one hour on the curb and many calls I was told to use a cab and they would pay for it. You don't even know how hard it is to get a cab at Lax at 1:00 am. The hotel is not in the best area of LA and I would not go outside at night. The room was ok,looked like it had been remodeled. One of the nights we checked in a softball team was checking in and it took about a 1/2 hour waiting for the lift. Over all I have had many friends stay here and they all had problems with the van service. So if you don't want to wait on the curb all night or miss your out going flight you should pick another hotel!If you have stayed at this hotel and left on the airport curb without being picked up after many calls please make a complaint with Hilton Honors so this on going problem can be fixed.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Frqflier
<Content>Couldn't Ask For More in an Airport Hotel Great AIRPORT hotel! Don't confuse this place with an upscale downtown hotel or a beachfront hotel. It's an Embassy Suites AIRPORT hotel which means you're close to the airport so it won't have all the luxuries or amenities that you might be used to at a pricier chain or at a resort hotel.But this place is comfortable, everything in our room was in working order and the check-in people were fast, polite and efficient.An added touch for me was a little note in the room welcoming HiltonHHonors guests providing a special phone number if we had any issues while we were at the hotel. We never had to use the number or have any other interactions with the front desk.Cooked-to-order breakfast comes with the room rate which is a nice added perk. And there's the evening complimentary cocktail hour of which we did not partake.But this place is convenient to the airport, safe and very easy to find if you're traveling from anywhere in the Los Angeles area.I did see a mention in another review about the location being perceived as not safe. Maybe because I live in New York City but I had no qualms about walking around that area after returning a rental car and going across the street to get coffee at the Starbucks at the LAX Marriott. Neighborhood safety wasn't even an issue that showed up on my radar screen. Two other notes. I love watching the planes move around and my room had a great view of the southern two runways. But not all rooms will have runway views. And you could hear some planes coming and going but I got a great night's rest.Should mention we were traveling with a 2 1/2 year old. Embassy Suites is rapidly becoming our preferred chain (over Marriott) because of the suite configuration of the room. It allows us to put Junior down to sleep while we can read or watch TV in the other room. And the microwave, refirgerator, table and chairs are all huge plusses when you're traveling with a youngster. He also enjoyed the clean pool and hot tub.If your travel takes you to Los Angeles and you have to book an airport hotel for whatever reason this will meet your needs perfectly.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Less Than Typical ES The hotel looks nice, but the fold-out sofabed was broken and a TV remote did not work. Couldn't get a towel in the pool area despite begging.Other beds were comfortable and the breakfast was good.Very convenient if flying at LAX. Pretty convenient to other sights in LA area.If you're planning a vacation and are not familiar with LA, it's in kind of a rough neighborhood. Not a place to walk around in, especially at night.If you come by car, there's a $13 parking fee, but spaces appear plentiful.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jed3
<Content>Enjoyed the stay We stayed here for one night to be near to the airport. The bedroom, bathroom, and lounge area were very good sized. The manager's reception and free breakfast was a plus. We didn't hear much noise, but we faced the road. The best part was getting this for $41 on Priceline, but it was worth much more. It was just a few minutes to and from the airport. Couldn't ask for anything better.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice for LAX (and Budget/Avis car renters) Great place for LAX stopover but you if you are sensitive to noise then follow advice on this forum to take room away from Airport Blvd. This is a great location if you are a Budget or Avis car renter as you can drop off the car and walk back to the hotel which is only one/two blocks away. Airport shuttle very efficient, hotel staff very professional. Rooms very nice and big.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tmrevolution
<Content>Embassy Suites LAX North - Dishonest? I stayed at this hotel one Saturday night near the end of March while I was on my way to Japan. Things didn't start off so well when the airport van zoomed past the Terminal 4 hotel pickup point without stopping. I had to call the hotel back and wait another 10-15 minutes for the van to come back. The front desk clerks were nice enough and apologized for the van problems. I was assigned to a room on the 2nd floor. I know that rooms on the 1st and 2nd floors of hotels are thought to be inferior, so I figured I was put here because I had booked the hotel through Priceline. Since I got my room at a pretty good discount, I thought this was fair.The room was pretty nice and clean. It was an Embassy Suites, so there was a sort of den/living room and a bedroom. This den might be nice if you are traveling with a family, but I had no use for it since I was by myself.The manager's reception was not worth it for me. I got a free Diet Coke, but the only snacks I saw were nachos and popcorn. Neither of those appealed to me at the time, so I took a pass. As I walked back to my room, I noticed there were 2 weddings taking place in the atrium area. There didn't seem to be any shops around the hotel, so I decided to stay in for the night. Just as a was getting ready for bed around 9:00, the LOUD music started. I wondered where the noise was coming from, then I realized it was the entertainment at one of the wedding receptions which was taking place in the banquet room just below me. Unfortunately, the music was a combination of hip-hop and disco played at an extremely high volume. Normally I can sleep throught anything, but this was just too loud and too floor-rattling. I thought about calling the front desk and asking to switch rooms, but I didn't want to pack up all my stuff. After about an hour, I resorted to sticking wadded up Kleenex in my ears. I finally got to sleep and I was just woken up once more by the festivities below.The next morning I had the free breakfast buffet. It was pretty good for a free breakfast. Basically, you start at a little booth where a cook makes you eggs or pancakes with sausage, bacon, and/or hashbrowns. Then you can go to the buffet line which has cereal, bagels, croissants, fruit, etc. All drinks are free too.This hotel has some things going for it, but the fact that they allow loud music is not fair to the people who paid to stay there. Even though I have no way of knowking it for sure, I'm assuming that I was given such a room because I paid a discounted rate. But, at no time, was I informed that I would get an inferior room because I didn't pay full price. In my opinion, this is dishonest. Shame on Embassy Suites.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DaveH75
<Content>Pick your room carefully!   showReview(3322751, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Delightful experience   showReview(3292192, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel   showReview(3214445, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emannh
<Content>What a dump!   showReview(3212803, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank goodness for Embassy Suites LAX!   showReview(2814188, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent accomodations   showReview(2696853, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katrinawehipeihana
<Content>The best LAX Airport Hotel   showReview(2442343, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great For Families   showReview(1684392, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very spacious   showReview(924815, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recently renovated   showReview(793139, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal pour une famille!   showReview(15563122, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(15563121, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer gerne wieder   showReview(14735023, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un des meilleurs dans sa cat茅gorie   showReview(14735022, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>larryx
<Content>Excellent pour se reposer d'un long voyage.   showReview(8349265, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES BON HOTEL NS Y RETOURNERONS MAIS PARKING A 19$+TAX/JS   showReview(11442209, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11400636, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

