<Author>kym17
<Content>Just as expected I used trip advisor to research this hotel and found reviews and information including photographs to be reliable. Our stay with a family of 4 for 8 nights was excellent. Overall staff were friendy and helpful especially housekeeping staff. The permanant residents of the building were friendly and it really contributed to our New York experience to chat to some locals. As mentioned in other reviews the markets were exceptional and we were able to get something delicious to eat even at 12midnight when we arrived. Good value.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MXvoyager1
<Content>Nice stay, little expensive Nice place, Nice rooms bigger than regular NY hotelsI travel with kids , so place with TV and other ammenities good enough, nice rooms, just renewed, myabe a poor service inbathroom supplies, but nice, I think for the same price I paid i can book a room at the Waldorf, but little smaller room.By the hotel there is a Restaurant and good service and nearby area there is a nice places to dine out.Walking distance to NY Natural History Museum.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Natla
<Content>Lives up to the reviews I always use trip advisor reviews as a guide on where to stay and booked this hotel based on the good feed back on this site. On the whole the is a very nice hotel in a good location. Central Park and Time Sq are both walkable. Also after a long day of shopping and sight seeing it was nice to be uptown away from the traffic and beeping but still close to bars and restaurants. The beacon has a small, personal and boutique feel to it, even though it has well over 20 floors and is quite large. I prefer this compared to hotel which are so large you feel like a statistic. The evening staff on reception where up beat, friendly and helpful, where as the mangers in the morning where not. We stayed In a newly refurbished room which had a lovely design, was clean and fresh plus the maid service was good. Not sure I would be happy paying $240 per night for the old unfurnished style room, so well worth asking in advance which type of room you will be staying in.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bostongirl84
<Content>Boston girl When I got to the hotel, there was a mix-up in the reservation date. The manager quickly and efficiently found me a room. Probably the last one in Manhattan. The room was excellent鈥攃lean and inviting. I won't stay anywhere else in Manhattan from now on.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeM_8
<Content>Wouldn't atay anywhere else in Manahattan Over the past ten years, we have stayed at Hotel Beacon four times and - having stayed at some other hotels - we would never stay anywhere else in NYC,The rooms are huge and very comfortable with a small but well-equipped kitchenette.It's a great location, stunning views to Central Park or the Hudson from the upper floors - don't forget to ask when booking because they do try to give you what you request; buses and subway within moments of the door - or just walk to Columbus, Amsterdam, Central Park, even Mid -Town.One particularly brilliant aspect of Hotel Beacon: Fairways foodstore directly across Broadway from the Beacon. a jaw-dropping selection of stuff to eat, including a hot food counter which makes eating in any restaurant a bit of a waste of time: grab a bottle of wine at the Beacon Liquor store, Korean chicken or something at Fairways then dine at your Hotel Beacon room window overlooking a million Manhattan lights. Unforgetable.Frankly at these prices there is no point in staying anywhere else, particularly if you fancy experiencing the rather attractive life of an Upper Westside New Yorker!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>castleton
<Content>Would stay again For NYC, this place was great. Spacious room, good location, very smartly renovated recently, good service from housekeeping, reception/concierge adequate.Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>vandynurse
<Content>My new favorite NYC hotel My husband and I very much enjoyed our 4 night stay at this hotel over the Thanksgiving Holiday. We had a one bedroom suite - very large even by non NY standards. It had a complete but small kitchen with stove/oven , microwave and fridge. Bed was comfortable- not too hard or soft but just right. We were told it was a newly renovated room. Everything looked very fresh and new. Housekeeping did a great job- room was clean and restocked with towels, tea, ect everytime we came back in the afternoon. There was a tea kettle which was a very nice touch- I used it everyday. The shower was adequate. The staff was very nice and efficient. Any time we had a problem(couldn't get TV to work ) maintenance would arrive in just a few minutes to fix the problem. Great location-subway, grocery store, and shops are very close by. Even on the 23rd floor you can still hear the traffic- but this is NYC- so bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper. When we were in the living room area we could occassionally hear the TV /conversation of the people next door. However we never heard any noise(other than traffic) in the bedroom. I don't know if all the one bedroom suites are configered like ours- but the bathroom could only be accessed by going thru the bedroom. This is a very small neg- but if you are traveling with other people they would have to go thru your bedroom to get to the bath. The Beacon had everything I needed and wanted in a hotel. It was a very good value. We will be staying there the next time we visit NYC.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Macva
<Content>Good experience Well located, good facilities, very cosy  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>buib7
<Content>Highly recommended The Hotel is set in an excellent location near to a tube station. You can get anywhere you want to in NY via this for $7.50 a day. The Hotel has large, comfortable rooms  is very good value for money. There is a Fairway supermarket right opposite, open 6am to 1am, which is really good value. Right next door to the Hotel is supurb diner, perfect for breakfast. I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel  would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Aussies88
<Content>Great hotel, loved the location Staff at reception not terribly friendly or helpful but that and the fact that the 7th floor was still under renovation therefore no laundry facilities were the only negatives on our stay at the Beacon.  Location was fantastic everything you need within short walking distance. Market, liquor store, clothing stores, drug stores, nail salons and hairdressers everything. Close to 72nd subway 2 blocks back from central park. Felt very safe even out at night. Hotel itself recently renovated, we had one bedroom suite 8th floor. Bedroom had 2 extremely comforable double beds with plasma tv and ample closet space, living room and kitchenette again with plasma tv sofa bed table chairs armchair side table. Also closet space in entry with safe and room for 2 large suitcasses. Bathroom is quite small and does not have any sort of exhaust system so becomes quite steamy.Just to clarify unhelpful staff comment. Myself and two teenage children were arriving late from Vegas and our friend was travelling from Australia and would arrive first. As booking was in my name I had emailed hotel saying that our friend would be there before us giving her name and requesting that she check in on arrival and that I would finalise all details on my arrival, this was confirmed in return email by booking manager.When my friend arrived after over 24 hours from Australia Sat night Oct 18th she was told our booking was not for another week( male clerk was using check out date) after trying to talk to gentleman behind desk with no luck she was basicly ignored and sat down in lobby quite upset. She then tried Lady behind desk who quite easily found our booking and arranged things and explained to the guy what was happening, he then said to my friend  ok lady dont have a heart attack . Personally I think that is appalling customer service and did not bother to converse again with desk staff for the week of our visit as no apology was given or offered. This did make our check in unpleasant but the rest of our stay was great. Would stay again and reccommend to other travellers.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	3	-1	

<Author>Beth072
<Content>Excellent The Beacon Hotel was a perfect choice for a couple with a 2 year old. Separate rooms and self contained kitchen made our stay far better than a standard hotel offering. Our 2 year old had room to move and we could watch a movie in another room without waking him sleeping in the other - impossible in hotel rooms.Staff were friendly and helpful. Location for us was excellent, with great little shops, restaurants and close to Central Park. I would definitely stay here again on a return visit and recommend to other travelers.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>pabl01neum
<Content>Nice Hotel The Beacon Hotel is just a short walk from the 72nd and Broadway subway stop (convenient). Check-in was friendly and prompt. The elevator was a bit clunky, but overall OK.The room (908) was located directly across from the elevator. The door was not particularly sound-proof, so we heard people coming and going all night. Fortunately, their were no big parties during our 3-night stay, so we slept fairly well.The room was acceptable and reasonably clean. The room had a nice flat screen TV that required some study before we could operate it properly. Internet access was $9.95 per 24 hours (reasonable speed) - I can't understand why hotels still insist on ripping off guests on internet access. Curtains blacked out the room fairly well. The bed was a double not a queen, but was fairly comfortable. We had a nice little kitchenette with microwave, sink, stovetop, coffee maker, refrigerator.The bathroom was OK. The toilet had a leak to the rear that was creating a rust spot. They were not cleaning the leaking area properly which made the spot evident. Shower had OK flow. The sink was located in the bathroom. No fan in the bathroom leading to a very steamed-up room  mirrors after a shower.Check out was fast. Concierge was knowledgeable and courteous.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	4	4	2	

<Author>flurokitty
<Content>Great stay at the Hotel Beacon Apartments Having been to new york before and staying in various hotel we were aware of the good and bad. We were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and polite as you would expect of most Americans in the customer service industry and the diner next door was equally so.The hotel is fairly well located close to the action but away from the madness and with the 72nd street station only a couple of blocks away you can be down into times square very quickly. There is also a great grocery store right across the street called fairway market which stocks most of anything you need so it is easy to make yourself a snack in your kitchenette.The Kitchenette comes fully stocked with glasses,plates,cups and pans. It has a two ring hob, microwave, coffee maker, fridge and toaster and coffee and tea are provided. The room itself is very spacious and the beds are comfy.Overall the hotel is clean, well run and I would certainly go back.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>anotherlife
<Content>Retreat to the Upper West Side We just got back yesterday after a four day stay here and really could not be happier. The hotel is a quiet (if New York is ever quiet) retreat from the bustle of the tourist areas.This hotel is recently updated in quiet shades of green and neutral colors. It has nice flat screen TVs and pretty dang comfy beds! It's clean with nothing scary in the bathroom! t's almost directly on the 1,2,3 subway line and you can get just abut anywhere from there. We sure did!We stayed in a one bedroom with two double beds in the actual bedroom and the living room had a pull out couch. The beds were great, not so much the couch, but that's usually true with any pull out! Yes, I said a bedroom, totally separate from the living area. It was great. They have other configurations too. You can have access to the health club for an extra $20 per person a day. We did not find this a necessary expense so I can't tell you anything about the club. The gift shop (or it used to be a gift shop) is undergoing remodeling and I'm not sure what the outcome of that will be. It was a vast empty spot when we were there. There is a theater right next door also called the Beacon but it is seriously in need of rennovation and is not open. All of the rooms have a tiny little kitchen with a smaller size refrigerator, a tiny stove with an oven, a microwave and a little sink. There is a toaster too along with dishes, a couple of cooking pans and silverware. This was very nice to have and we used it every day for breakfast rather than try and all get completely dressed and ready and then go somewhere for breakfast. There is a wonderful market (Fairway) directly across the street. It has everything you need and plenty you don't need but wil buy anyway!There is also a wine and spirits store on the corner and a decent restaurant right next door. There is a Lohman's across the street which was handy when my daughter forgot to pack her leggings. We just ran over there and picked up a pair for $6.99. Walk up the street and you are at a great bagle shop, HH. Be warned, they only take cash, but have an ATM right in the store! Central Park is also only a few blocks away. Big Nick's Pizza and Burgers is up the street a block or two. Good pizza, didn't try the burgers.The neighborhood is pleasant and we never felt unsafe walking in the area. The building is 25 stories and our room was on the 23rd floor. We paid about $380/night for this room. I thought it was a bargain considering the prices near Times Square, the size of the room and the fact that there was a kitchen. In fact, after spending time in the busier areas, I was really glad we chose to stay at the Beacon. Just coming up from the subway into the neighborhood was calming, especially at night. I liked it.The front desk at check in was nice. Didn't deal with them much after that. There is a Concierge but we didn't find them terribly useful. We weren't really depending on them for anything so that wasn't a big deal. Could be an issue if you really wanted them to do something for you. We could have caught them on a bad day too, you just never know for sure.Overall this was a great stay. I would not hesitate to stay here again or to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>1catraveler
<Content>Good hotel value in convenient location Hotel Beacon @ 76th and Broadway, Upper West Side. Lovely, very nice lobby, friendly and helpful staff, hotel is being renovated floor by floor. Our room and floor was newly done, spacious (by NYC standards), two easy chairs, plus a small desk type table with two chairs for eating together, large flat screen TV, very nice bedding, nicely furnished overall. Best feature: small kitchenette with all kitchen items plus microwave, sink, 2-burners, small frig. We didn't cook but if you were staying for extended period it would be very handy and save some $$$. Picked up stuff for breakfast, kept juice, water, etc. in frig. Well priced coffee shop next door. Worst feature: small bathroom, however redone in marble with pedestal sink; Didn't bother us as there was only the two of us. Overall reasonable, clean comfy accommodations for a good price. Good location near subway stop, bus at door, etc.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nats68
<Content>Good Value After scouring the internet and asking several friends who had recently been to NY, we finally settled on the Beacon Hotel. We were not dissapointed. We had a 2 bedroomed suite, which suited our needs perfectly (my daughter and I shared with my sister). The hotel is currently undergoing renovations (which hardly impacted our stay at all). The rooms are spacious by NY standards, clean and nicely decorated. The staff are friendly and the hotel is perfectly located. We would definately recommend this hotel, and if we were to return (as long as their room rates do not skyrocket), we would stay there again  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sh0psh0psh0p
<Content>Super My daughter and I have just returned from a four night stay in hotel Beacon. I booked the hotel on account for the reviews on this site and hoped for a refurbished room. We got a room on the 9th floor and this floor was finished. Alas the room was on the backside so the view was disappointing. But whatever, you are in New York and spent only a little time in your room, which was really excellent. King size beds and tastfully furnished and even a little kitchen, which we did not use, you can eat everywhere, but the refrigerator is nice for a cold drink.The neighbourhood is really nice, you stay among the residents and it is nice to see how the New Yorkers live in their really great appartments. When we arrived with the Super Shuttle (was not as bad as I read in the reviews) I was afraid the hotel was too far from everything (in 2000 I stayed in hotel Edison en Milford Plaza), but no, the metro is very nearby, and even walking was not a crime because there are shops everywhere. The staff is friendly but not over the top, (Americans are really excessive polite, we are not used to that in Holland. We think just being polite is enough) and the concierges are very helpfull.Midtown is the part of New York we liked fewest, very crowded. We liked the Lower East Side, Soho, Greenwich Village en East Village better. Less crowded and many nice little boutiques.If you have time enough take the L-train to Bedford av in Brooklyn, is is a long street with really nice boutiques and restaurants.But alas our trip is over, but when I visit New York again I will surely stay in hotel Beacon.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>joniUk
<Content>Recommended My wife and I booked a week in August through Virgin Atlantic and chose the Beacon as it seemed to offer good value for money and had good reviews, and we weren't disappointed. Although our room wasn't the largest it was exceptionally clean and quiet with a superb kitchenette area that had all the equipment you could need. The room occupied a corner on the 23rd floor and the view made up for it's size as you could look out with a clear view to the tree tops of Central Park and beyond. Considering we were in the middle of a vibrant city It was all very relaxing.The staff are friendly and obliging and we could not find any fault. The lack of an onsite restaurant is not an issue as the Viand Cafe next door opens at 6:30 and shuts late. It has an extensive menu and provides breakfasts that will set you up for the day. If you were of a lazy disposition you could eat here all week and not finish the menu.Be sure to go to the Fairway supermarket opposite, it's everything a food store should be.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>triptriptrip
<Content>Great Hotel - Would recommend it for everyone       hotel room  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>elainemAustralia
<Content>Fantastic!! This hotel is a fantastic choice for anyone travelling to New York. Website photos do not do the rooms justice, they are being refurbished and the refurbished rooms are modern, clean and tastefully decorated. Front desk and concierge staff are extremely polite, friendly and accommodating and requests are honoured within minutes. There was never a problem with anything.Location was fantasticm, near an express subway - five-seven minutes from midtown. I can't speak highly enough about every aspect of this hotel. Very very happy and i recommend this hotel for anyone.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nurse1sue
<Content>can't wait to go back can't say enough about the hotel beacon. had a one bedroom suite and enjoyed the extra room. stayed in one of the older rooms (not yet updated) but enjoyed it very much. looked out on to broadway across from the fairway market. i would get up during the night and watch out the window at the city and it was wonderful. the hotel was great. liked having the small kitchen to heat up our leftovers and store snacks. staff was great and kept the room very clean. it was quiet and the location was perfect. now the neighborhood. for my first time in nyc it was perfect. i felt safe and at ease getting around. the subway was close by and very easy to use. eveything i wanted was a close walk away. the fairway market was awsome and being open so late was convienent to cross the street for any late night snack stuff. the resturants in the area are all great and offer anything you want. the cafe' viand next door to the hotel is very good and the service was great. we ate breakfast there twice and really enjoyed the corned beef hash which i rarely find. central park, the dakota, and strawberry fields is a very short walk away. we went to ellis island which is a must see and did the 3 hr cruise around manhattan island which i loved. my boyfriend was born here which was an added plus as he knew where eveything was and how to get around. we hope to get back to the city soon and will be staying at the beacon when we do. (bill has stayed here several times). in nyc everything is expensive including the hotels and the beacon is no different, but for the size of rooms and location it's a great deal. the theater is being renovated and can't wait to try a show there when it's done. wish we could have seen the stones there.......we encourage everyone to give the hotel beacon a try....you won't be sorry.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>IrisIsrael
<Content>Great time in Beacon hotel We have just returned from a week at the Beacon Hotel. We stayed at the refurbished room. The hotel is magnificent, the location was perfect. We stayed with 2 children and an infant, we had 2 big rooms and a full equipped kitchen - we loved every minute of it! Across the street from the hotel there is a big supermarket, Sturbucks and a diner - what else can you ask?  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>CrunchNottingham
<Content>Bit out of town but has good subway links and close to some good food outlets The hotel Beacon was still being refurbished when we checked in on the 25th of August. Virgin informed me that the work was running behind schedule but would be completed by 31st of August - it wasn't and they still had floors 1 through 7 to complete. My husband and I went to NY with 6 friends and out of the 4 couples only 1 was initially give a refurbished room. We did complain and they were helpful and moved the rest of us on the following day. So when you book in if you're given a room on floors 1 through 7 ask for a higher floor. The lower floors are clean but very very tired and in need of quite a lot of work. Apart from that the Beacon is in a really good location and is situated between the 72nd and 79th subway stations so getting around NY is easy and cheap. A single trip being $2 on the subway. If you're planning to use the subway get a metro ticket as the most economical way to travel. If you want a really excellent, and cheap breakfast you must go to Big Niks - the d茅cor leaves a lot to be desired but the food and staff are excellent. An excellent place for an evening meal is Niko's and if you tell then you're staying at the Beacon you even get 10% discount from the bill. The Vind Cafe is ok and right next door to the hotel - the foods good and plentiful but the service is dire and they add a huge service charge on the bill.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Extratraveltocome
<Content>Great Location We stayed for 4 nights at the Beacon Hotel in a 1 bedroom suite. It cost a little more but it included a kitchenette which we found handy. There was a great supermarket and handy food outlets accross the road. There were also several choices of basic restaurants around the area.We found the room to be clean, spacious and the bed extremely comfortable. The in-room safe was a little small so we had a slight inconvenience to place our laptop with the Concierge each day. All the staff were friendly and attentive when ever we needed to ask for assistance.We found the location terrific as it was away from the hustle and bustle of downtown but only a 5 minute walk to the subway which was a perfect way for us to explore New York City.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ben_Australia
<Content>Loved it! Will be back one day! The photograph's of this place on the net do not do it justice. We stayed on the 18th floor in a newly renovated room which was absolutely lovely. As first timers to New York we quickly found out that it was a great neighbourhood to be staying in. Close to 72nd st station, the park, museums and of course, close to the theatre's. After a 21 hour flight from Sydney it was a very comfortable place to stay with everything in the room you could need. Can't wait to go back to New York. At least we know where we will be staying.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>free2goHouston
<Content>Awesome, worth every penny. Highly recommend the Hotel Beacon I booked this hotel through www.booking.com.; and read reviews from others at TripAdvisor which cinched the selection for me. The front desk staff were warm and friendly and allowed me to check-in immediately, even though it was several hours before the stated check-in time. The concierges were helpful in steering me to the subway station and which trains to take to get me to my destinations. The subway is only a block and a half away.The room was impeccable, large, recently renovated and decorated in soothing colors and comfortable furnishings, especially the bed. It felt like home with all its amenities. I was really fortunate to be given a king suite rather than the standard king room I reserved. Perhaps because of the high floor the room was very quiet and the views of the city were awesome. It is an eco-friendly hotel which resonates with my choices for the planet. My only regret was that it was a one night stay. Perhaps the only thing they could add would be bathrobes.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PSUNat23
<Content>Great location in a great neighborhood - Our favorite! My mother and I go to NYC for the US Open every Labor Day weekend and for 4 of the last 5 years we've stayed at the Beacon Hotel and now it feels like our home away from home. We love staying in the Upper West Side, it has great stores, great diners and restaurants and the charm you'd expect of NYC without quite as much commotion as staying in midtown Manhattan/Times Square. The Beacon is two blocks away from the 72nd street subway station which is extremely convenient and has both local and express trains traveling downtown, there's a Starbucks on the next corner, and it's very easy to grab a cab right out front of the hotel. The rooms are great, with nice views, there's laundry service available, and the staff has always been friendly.We're going back next week for our 6th year in a row and we can't wait to stay at the newly renovated Hotel Beacon! It's the perfect place to stay in NYC for a weekend getaway.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>imu37
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was in the best location, down the street from the subway, close to Central park and everything witin walking distance.I would recomend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in the city, but not pay the price! This hotel was a great price for what you get. The best part was the kitchenet.The morning staff were a little bit on the rude side, (the check in staff) but the nighttime crew and HOUSEKEEPING (day and night) were amazing!!! I have never been to a hotel before (and I travel a lot) who's house keeping were to friendly! That is all I talked about how amazing our housekeeper was! Besided that  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>coloradomojo
<Content>Excellent hotel for family vacation We stayed at the Beacon for 5 nights in July. We were so happy with our 23rd floor one-bedroom suite. The accommodations were clean, spacious (for 2 adults and 2 kids), newly renovated, and had a beautiful view of the NY skyline. We liked having 2 TVs, a fold-out couch for the kids, and a kitchen complete with dishes. Don鈥檛 forget your iPod because they have a docking station on the alarm clock. The Beacon is conveniently located across the street from the very large Fairway Market where we went to stock the full-size fridge in the room. The Beacon is just a few blocks away from Central Park and the Subway. Our family would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>stuey44
<Content>Soon to be a gem in NYC Arrived at the Hotel Beacon to a nicely presented lobby and a quick check in. Our room was on the 16th floor which had been refurbished (they started at the top of the hotel and are working down, it should be finished by the end of Aug) and was nicely presented with twin beds, kitchenette, bathroom, flat screen TV with tons of channels and wireless internet available at $9.95 for 24 hours.Its a great location with a good cafe next door (some of our party ate there a few times), a Starbucks on the corner, the Fairway market opposite (google it) and Central Park is only a few blocks away.The hotel is on 75th and on 72th is the subway station which can get you to Times Square in less than 10 mins, and only costs $7.50 for the day (you can buy the vouchers at the hotel desk).Overall a good place to stay in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>nonnamarie
<Content>Nice hotel, great surroundings This is a nice hotel near everything. Subway is very near, and the foodmarket just on the other side of the road, Vaind cafe downstairs and many shops and banks near the hotel (Duane Read, Gap, The Body Shop, North Face, etc.) were a nice surprise.Rooms have certainly seen their better days, but they are quite big and convenient, a kitchenette is a good plus! Bring your own dish brush, if you use one. They have a dish cloth, but in Finland we usually use a brush rather than a cloth. They have some fairy liquid, though. Bathroom is OK, we had a bathtub with a shower.We also had a separate livingroom and bedroom. In bedroom we hade a small room for clothes, suitcases, etc. and two large (kingsize) beds, tv, etc. In livingroom we hade a sofa, tv, chairs, tables, etc.The staff is OK.Newspaper (US today) is delivered on your door step every weekday mornings (nice!!!).I recommend eating breakfast at the Viand cafe downstairs, it麓s the best in town!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gefilte63
<Content>A- I had two separate stays in July at the Beacon--one for five nights, and one for three nights. Overall it was a very good experience although a little uneven. When I first entered my room on the eighth floor I was thrilled to see a two room suite with kitchenette, lots of closets and a nice bathroom. I had a nice view overlooking Broadway. At 7:20 am I was awakened by what I thought were bowling balls being dropped on the floor above me. Tried as I might to go back to sleep (it was my only chance to sleep in) the noise was too much. I finally got on an elevator and went up one floor to see a huge construction zone. Yes, the HB is undergoing renovations...that start at 7:20 in the morning. I asked to be switched to another room and was moved down to a nearly identical room on the 7th floor. For my troubles, I got a week's free wireless. Even so, the walls are thin and the room was not the quietest. It also took 24 hours and three requests to get a lightbulb in the bathroom replaced.On my second stay (two days later) I got a room on 19 in the already renovated section. Although I was in a much smaller room--not a two-room suite--the quality was vastly superior: nicer linens and mattress, flat screen TV, even the toiletries in the bathroom were upgraded. The lesson here: request a room above the construction zone!The neighborhood is great. Fairway supermarket right across the street, tons of restaurants and easy access to subways at 72 and 79, taxis and buses. It is safe as well.I would definitely stay here again. The staff was friendly and mostly attentive. The location is excellent. The price is right.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>charlesct
<Content>Spacious and homey with some minor service lapses Stayed here for ten days at the end of July while attending a conference in Morningside Heights. I had a one bedroom king suite; my wife joined me for the last three days.I was pleased upon entering the room to see that it was obviously newly-renovated. It was much nicer than the pictures on either the hotel's own website or the traveler photos here. The new rooms are in a kind of Art Deco style with earth tones predominating, and have (in the suites) two large flat-screen TVs.The suites are quite spacious and it was very pleasant to stay here for such a long time. The kitchenette (sink, fridge, oven and range, microwave) meant we could eat breakfast, snacks, and some meals in the room. There was a full service for four as well as pots, pans, some cutlery and a toaster -- none of which we actually used.Wi-Fi worked well though it was annoying to pay $9.95 a day for it as well as have to call down to the front desk every day to get a new access code.The neighborhood is great, not nearly as crowded or frantic as midtown but with plenty of shopping, restaurants, and the amazing Fairway Market right across the street.There were some minor staff lapses, some just annoying, one a little bit more so.1.) One day I was expecting both a Fed Ex and UPS delivery so upon returning in the evening stopped at the front desk to see if they had arrived, in order to save myself the trip back down from the 21st floor to pick them up. The front desk said they had arrived and to pick them up from the concierge. The concierge went back to check, said they didn't have them and sent me back to the front desk. Frustrated, I went up to the room, only to find that both packages had been left in the room already. Great service, but why couldn't the concierge have known that the packages had already been brought to the room? On another day, I got another Fed Ex and this time, the concierge left a voice mail for me to come get it. A little consistency would be nice.2.) When I checked in, I was surprised that they didn't swipe a credit card for incidentals (the room was a direct bill to someone else.) A couple of days later I sent some dry cleaning with the valet, and when I got back, there was a voice mail to come down to the front desk and leave a credit card imprint before they would release my suit and shirts.3.) Finally, the first few days the room was fairly warm and I noticed the air conditioner in the living room wasn't cooling. I asked at the front desk for someone to come fix it and no one came. The next day someone came, took the lid off, pressed a button and pronounced it fixed, but it wasn't. Finally when I insisted the next day, someone else came and actually looked at the guts of the air conditioner to discover the compressor wasn't actually working. He changed the compressor later that evening and since then it worked fine.But, I still came to consider the Beacon home and look forwarding to returning for another ten days next summer.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>sharonmireland
<Content>Little Gem Have just returned from a week's stay at Hotel Beacon and what a great hotel it is.This was our first time in New York and we really enjoyed our stay there. The room was very big I believe by NY standards and the bathroom too - I have stayed in far tinier places in Europe.We primarily choose the hotel for location and also the fact that it had a kitchenette in the room.The decor in the hotel is a bit dated and could do with a revamp but this didn't bother us.The location of this hotel is perfect - subway within less than 5 mins walking distance and a block away from Central Park. The neighbourhood is very nice and always felt safe. Loads of fab restaurants to choose from and then there is the Fairway market across from the hotel - just go in to see this place!!! Upstairs at night there is a steakhouse and it's very informal.There was complimentary newspaper every morning and the staff were very helpful.A great find and will definitely stay there again whenever I go back to NY and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bingojesus
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else, now... We stayed at the Beacon for 10 days right at the end of June. It was our first ever visit to New York, and indeed the USA. We had the taxi trip from hell (we were taken right over to the East Side, at rush hour from Penn Station, the driver thinking we were going to the Beekman, despite me giving him the address of the Beacon...) so we were a bit frazzled to say the least when we pitched up at the lobby. But right from our arrival we were impressed with the friendly manner of the reception staff. Our room was on the 18th floor, one of the floors that has already been refurbished. While we were there, work was progressing on at least one other floor, but we were only aware of this when the lift stopped to allow a workman on or off. No disturbances to report. I assume that all the rooms will be refurbished eventually.We were delighted with our room. We were lucky to get a corner room at the back, which meant fantastic views over to the edge of Central Park. It was plenty big enough, finished to a really high standard, with a huge bed, TV to match and a useful well-equipped kitchenette. We really can't think of anything to even mention as a downside. The hotel is well-situated, the area is a lot less frantic than midtown. It's an easy walk to Central Park and with a good selection of bars, diners and restaurants nearby. The Fairway market across the street is open from 6:00am till after midnight and has everything you could possibly want in the way of food and drink. Zabars deli and HH Bagels are a short walk up Broadway and 72nd St subway station is about 3 minutes away in the opposite direction, so great for getting around. I know this reads like a brochure for the hotel, but we really did find it that good - and we are fairly critical travellers not afraid to register our displeasure if things aren't up to scratch. We plan to visit NYC again within the year, and having stayed at the Beacon we wouldn't entertain the idea of staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>POT23
<Content>Go to a big chain, not worth the headache to stay here the Beacon Hotel is nicely furnished and has a nice location, unfortunately, the staff doesn't pay attention to any payment details. My credit ard was charged three times for our stay - I have traveled the world and have never experienced a problem with getting my 'hold' on my credit card released until this hotel. Go to a large chain that has the processes down pat, not a mom and pop place that can't address your needs because they are too small.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	-1	1	

<Author>Telfordsmama
<Content>Faded Grandeur       View from our room - night  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>giberfam
<Content>Great Stay at the Beacon We stayed at the Beacon hotel for seven nights from June 17-24. We had initially booked a one bedroom suite but on check-in, the desk clerk looked at our family of four and upgraded us to a two bedroom suite for no extra charge. Our suite was huge and comfortable and quite clean. You just can't beat the space for the price. The staff was friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed the restaurant upstairs at the Fairway market. The food was great and really affordable - we ended up eating there several times. There is also a Starbucks right on the corner. I loved being in this area versus the much more crowded and commercial mid-town area.I actually had lived at the Beacon for a year back in the late 80's and they have definately done some remodelling since that time. We were on the 8th floor and it sounded like they were doing more remodelling on the floors above us but the noise was never intrusive. There is definately a lot of street noise (hey, it's New York) and we brought white noise machines which helped a lot with sleeping.The only negative experience was when we booked our return transportation to the airport through the concierge. he recommended we book a shuttle versus getting a cab since we were going to Newark. He told us, quite confidently that we would be the last stop on the shuttle and the trip would take about 45 minutes and so we had him book it for us. Well, when the shuttle arrived, the surly driver informed us that the Beacon is the first stop and the trip would take closer to an hour and a half. We ended up having to jump out in Midtown with all our luggage and hail a cab in order to get to the airport with enough time. It was no problem to get the cab driver to take us to Newark (despite what the concierge had told us). The fee for the shuttle was non-refundable so it ended up being quite expensive. It certainly seems like the concierge should have better information about this kind of thing.We would definately stay at the Beacon again (and just rely on a cab to go to the airport).  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>Lancegoodthrust
<Content>The Beacon-not shining The Beacon is in a great location, close to everything and the rooms are large and clean.My problem was with the hotel staff. We discovered a theft from our room and reported it to the front desk. They could not have cared less. They were loathe to take down details and it was only when we asked for the police to attend that they pulled their collective fingers out. They asked that they conduct an 'in house' investigation rather than get the rozzers in. We agreed but when we asked the next morning as to the progress of the investigation the front desk staff looked at us blankly and we discovered the details of the theft had not been passed on and zero investigation had been carried out. I have since contacted the manager and he promised me faithfully he would come back with an answer for me by guess what? Nothing.If you are thinking of going to NY then by all means go, its great town but avoid the Beacon.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>indymom58
<Content>Wonderful Experience The hotel is in a great location, near the subway and in a nice upper westside neighborhood. We chose it because we could have 4 in a room, unlike the mid-town hotels that I checked, that would only allow 3 per room. Great for families and very clean. Would stay again and would recommend to anyone - we had no problems.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leisa75
<Content>Fantastic - couldn't ask for better for the price.. We arrived into New York after a long stint holidaying in Europe.. and we fell absolutley in love with this city.The hotel Beacon is wonderful.. The price is great, the rooms are HUGE (in comparison to Europe), clean and tidy and it's in a great location on the lovely Upper West side, away from the tourism, hustle and bustle of Times Square.There was also a HUGE laundry with lots of washes and driers which makes that horrible holiday chore not so bad..Although there was no restaurant in the hotel, it definatley wasn't needed with Fairway Market Place across the road which stocked the most superb fresh fruit and vege and a wonderful selection of hot meals to go all at a rock bottom prices, even if you choose not to buy anything from here, it surely is worthwhile just to have a look. We figured it must be one of the best and cheapest places in town to grab something easy to eat as there was always a NY Police Department car or NY Fire Department truck out the front, a sure fire way to find a decent place - follow the locals! However there were many other different types of eateries just nearby. Central Park was just up the way and everything was relatively easy to access from the hotel including the sub.We are planning on going back to NYC in the not to distant future and we will be staying here again.... Thanks Beacon Hotel for making our stay in NYC a good one....  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marciopsiq
<Content>Beacon was great for me At that time I did my whole travelling stuff with the help of my travel agent. I almost got desperate when I asked for a budget hotel and she gave me WOOGOO and I read the reviews. After serching a little bit a after me getting a little ore flexible with the money she came up with the Beacon.I loved the hotel, the view from my high floor room, the size of the old comfortable room.The kitchen and the room were also quite clean and the room service was fine.I think the Upper West Side was a nice place to be in manhattan for the first time. Very pleasent, easy for nice breakfasts, like at Zabars, restaurants, etc. I have also developed a theory that the whole right side of the island is better for subway transportation(The Lexington line is as crowded as hell and kinda lonely over there in the far east!).The only negative aspect was the concierge lack of ability to solve an issue quiqkly when my car to the airport did not arrive at the settled time. But at the end I got the plane back to Rio, very happy with NYC and the Beacon.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Jemima75
<Content>Fantastic! Stayed here in April 2005 for 2+2 nights en-route to Toronto/Niagara Falls. Booked through BAHolidays website in March 2005 and paid just 拢38/room/night - excellent value for money - could easily have paid the total price of this hotel reservation for one night in NY!. The Beacon Hotel is located in the much sought after Upper Westside, few blocks away from the sub-way into downtown manhattan and close to Central Park. Got a double queen room with equipped kitchenette for first part of reservation (was conveneint as there are good deli's and takeaways around). Got a king-size bedroom suite with kitchenette for second part of reservation. The hotel has internet facilities so you can check-in online and spend more time shopping before heading home!!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLeeMich
<Content>Wonderful Value - Great Location! My husband  I just returned from a weekend in Manhattan and couldn't have been happier with the accomodations! The Beacon is just a block or so from the subway, 3 blocks from Central Park and right across the street from a WONDERFUL market. Since our room had kitchen facilities (including a toaster) we were able prepare breakfast in our room prior to heading out for the day. There's also a nice little Greek restaurant next door (very good AND reasonable) and a liquor store just a couple doors down. We will definitely return!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HotelierRSV
<Content>What a treasure As an hotelier I tend to be super critical of other hotels but I would have a hard time faulting the Beacon so much so that I will be returning next month.Tastefully decorated, spacious and clean rooms, friendly and helpful staff and a FANTASTIC market right across the street to stock up if you just want to chill out in your room and watch TV or get a late start with breakfast in your room!The location is ideal as it is close to everything you could possibly want to do in the Big Apple and there really is no need to take cabs as the subway is minutes away.I highly recommend this hotel and can't wait to return next month.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sue21348
<Content>Happy with accomodation Stayed at this Hotel 9 years ago, and liked it then. It is on Broadway but a distance away from all the hustle and bustle of Midtown N.Y. I must admit I was a little wary of booking as I was informed the hotel was going through a refurbishment. But I neednt have worried, either it had been completed or we werelocated away from the work. I was a little disappointed to be on the 6th floor as I would have liked one higher, but it was ok.We were on the side of the hotel, which wasnt too bad.The rooms were clean and kept immaculate by the maid who changed the bedding and towels every day. We had tv which had lots of channels but who really wants to watch tv when in N.York.We travelled with Virgin Holidays and found out rep, who we met in Planet Hollywood to be very helpful,and not in the least pushy about booking trips. Which we wouldnt have taken as we wanted to do our own thing.I would certainly recommend the 'top of the rock' it was a wonderful experience and no queues whatsover. The staff were very nice and helpful. Which was totally different to the Empire State Building, we waited four hours, and when we actually got to the top half off it was roped off due to the wind. If we had been informed of this before, I dont think we would have bothered. I had actually been up before, but my Husband not.The diner next door was excellent for food, Opening at six in the morning and closing at 1 am (i think) Allthough at times some of the staff were not very friendly. Especially the girls the guys were fine and very well mannered. They also include the service charge in with the bill, which I think was quite naughty as we didnt realise at first and were tipping them again.The only grouch I have with theHotel, the reception staff were very miserable, and not friendly at all.However, I wouldnt let that put me off, and if I ever travel to New York City again, I would certainly stop there.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Leicester_Travel_Bug
<Content>Good value We chose this hotel for its location and value for money. It was still very conveniently located being on Broadway but staying slightly further out of the centre meant that we got a good sized room by New York standard. The hotel facilities were fine and the staff very friendly and helpful, although we did have some noise from an adjoining room one night. Plenty of shops, coffee bars, deli's, etc. around and about, with Central Park close by and the subway. Would not hesitate to stop here again, recommended if you want value for money of a good quality and easy convenience for getting around and about.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>stageold
<Content>Outstanding!! What a gem! I fell in love with the Hotel Beacon. It's meager star rating (due to lack of amenities I wouldn't use like an in-house restaurant or room service) does not do this property justice. I stayed in one of their renovated two-room suites on one of the top floors. I even had views of the Hudson River! I could easily have spent (and was prepared to spend) $500++ for a midtown hotel and not gotten as nice a room. My two-room suite was incredibly spacious, spotless and soothingly decorated. One side had a very comfortable living area with a dining table for four. The room also had a great fully equipped kitchenette with stove, refrigerator, and microwave. It was also fully stocked with plates, glasses and flatware, which I used for my take-out meal from gourmet grocer Citarella just across Broadway. There are other numerous dining options, including a great little diner adjacent to the hotel, Starbucks just a few steps away, plus plenty of restaurants of all types. Who needs a dreary hotel restaurant?!The bedroom side had a very comfy king bed, large flat screen TV with a bazillion channels of cable, and iPod docking station with speakers. The bathroom was small but beautiful  functional. The all-cotton towels felt great, and there was a full array of emergency items in case you forgot your toothbrush, razor, or needed to mend something.All in all, my stay greatly exceeded my expectations. The Hotel Beacon is a fabulous value for Manhattan, right smack in a great neighborhood and convenient even for my business appointment in midtown. This is now my go to hotel in NY.Note: The hotel is currently undergoing renovations, which always makes me shudder because of the potential noise  disruption. Don't let this scare you off. I can honestly say the renovations had no impact on my stay whatsoever. No renovation-related disruptions at all.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Linda23UK
<Content>Loved the Beacon ! Just returned from 7 nights in New York staying at the Beacon. We had a 1 bedroom suite which was excellent. The kitchen is a BIG bonus in the Big Apple. Great size room, maid service every day - can't fault it. Position of Hotel fantastic - just outside of the busy Times Square area but near enough by subway (72nd) to get anywhere you want. Great value !!!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>db1337
<Content>simple hotel, clean, good location, couple of problems I booked this hotel to have something convenient on the upper west side. It is a no-frills establishment, has the feeling of being slightly worn. A lot of reviews refer to it as a discovery, I think I read hidden gem and these lead me a bit astray.I arrived very late, and ill, and asked about room service (needed chicken soup). Got blank stares. Hotel doesn't have any such thing... oops. Good news is that there is a good restaurant next door that you can easily order up from so I got my soup, so perfectly fine by me.There was no real work desk, I couldn't set up my laptop easily. Hotel website says internet access is included in the room description. It costs $9.95, again no big deal, but I wish hotels would clarify if it is an added cost or not, I thought it was included.Room had very loud and not-very functional heating units. I had to wear earplugs. I had a suite with two rooms, the bedroom wouldn't heat at all. Room did contain a microwave and minifridge, which worked out well for me because I ordered a lot of soup when I got in (I was really not well, had flu) and was able to heat it up in the morning. Rooms were clean, just had that kind of worn feeling. Bed, and bedding were kind of in line with a 2.5 star establishment. After two days I left with a bill for $600 and didn't feel that this was really good value. Location is very good, right on the corner of Broadway and 75th.Doubt I will return, there was nothing really huge and negative, just seemed to be kind of expensive for what was provided. I usually would stay at the Omni and to my recollection paid about the same for a much better place, so I would go back to this the next time.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>familyof4Adelaide
<Content>very run down but great location We stayed at the Beacon for seven nights in April last year. At first we were quite pleased as the foyer was nice and gave a good first impression. The room, however, left a lot to be desired. As we were travelling with our 5 and 7 year olds we booked a two room suite. It had two rooms and we chose to sleep on the fold out sofa bed as it was in the lounge area and it meant we could watch tv once kids had gone to bed. The sofa was incredibly uncomfortable and as a result we both had sore necks during our stay. The decor is very old fashioned and, although it was reasonably clean, it just didn't feel ''nice. The lifts were probably the worst thing about staying there as they were undergoing maintenance (apparently had been for some months!) and were very slow. More often than not we'd walk the ten floors to our room rather than wait. The staff were quite nice most of the time and the tour desk was great. NOW, so I don't sound like all I do is whinge, the location is great. There was nothing cooler than getting a cab and saying west 75th and broadway thanks'...so New York! lol It is a short walk to Central Park and Strawberry Fields, the subway and there is a big international market directly opposite. This was great, as our room had a kitchenette, we bought breakfast supplies/drinks, etc and kept them in our room. The cafe next door to the hotel is great for breakfast with friendly service. We just decided that in New York you are going to pay huge amounts of money for very little in terms of ''莽lass' . We did pay a lot less than we would have done had we stayed in Times Square or the like. However, it did little to detract from our New York experience on the whole. Would look elsewhere if we were to return.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lmgrbg
<Content>Mixed feelings We stayed at the hotel, which was recomended by the family hosting a wedding in NYC. The price was good , the room was large by NYC standards. The location was excellent, safe and convenient. The diner/cafe next door is fabulous. The walls were super thin, however, and the door had visible gaps all around it, so all interior (not street) noise from neighboring rooms and hallway were unacceptably loud.We could barely sleep. This is a physical plant issue-nothing can really be done about it. Also, the bed  bath linens as well as room carpeting were really shabby. I know this is not a top price hotel, but they were beyond sad. The carpet had huge fraying and ripples, chair had scary stains, threadbare towels at times. The kitchenette feature, though, was great and very clean. NYC is a tough place to find a well priced room. Bring earplugs and reduced expectations of linens and your stay will be OK, especailly if you eat at Cafe Viande and order the pesto omelette.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>seagullrob
<Content>A relief to have a kitchenette and sitting room.       Living room.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jackandpoppy
<Content>excellent value for a 3* We decided that this year we would spend New years eve in New York instead of sitting in front of the TV in Milton Keynes UK.Our travel agent select the hotel Beacon as part of the package and at first we were concerned that the hotel would be too far away from the areas we wanted to visit ie: Times Square and all the wonderful shops.Once we got our bearings we found that the subway from 72nd street only took about 10 minutes to Times Square and about 30 minutes to the ferry terminal for Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty and the walk up Broadway to Times Square or through Central Park to 5 Avenue only took about 30 minutes (I think we did walk faster as it did reach minus 12)We stayed on the 10th floor of the hotel with not much of a view but the room was a very good size with a king size bed. The Kitchenette was very handy as we was able to stock up daily from supermarket opposite.The rooms looked like they had recently been decorated and were very clean, with the maid coming in daily to change sheets and towels. We would recommend staying at the hotel Beacon if you are looking for a larger than standard 3* hotel to be used as a base for sight seeing and shopping.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>beccaandrosie
<Content>Great location Great hotel-being a lone young female traveller i was terrified to discover i'd lost most of my paperwork-the staff allowed me to book in and spent a considerable amount of time and effort contactiong various agencies on my behalf whilst i slept the night away! they'd sorted everything by the time i got up leaving me to enjoy my trip!!  The room was nice and spacious and the kitchenett was extreamly handy-especially for heating the home cooked meals from supermarket across the road. also nice to be able to make a cuppa first thing. the room safe also was usefull. plenty of hanging space for all my clothes and the shower was great too!! i'm returning in a few weeks with and have now concerns about taking my young baby to such a great hotel i'll use no other in the city from now on! (i've stayed in far worse places for twice the price)  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kprawlings
<Content>The only place we stay in NYC I love this hotel. We stayed for our first time a couple of years ago and have done so several times. It is our little home away from home in New York City.THE BEACON IS FOR YOU IF:-You want to stay in a real neighborhood in Manhattan instead of in the middle of Times Square or right across the street from a tourist area. You're good with hopping on the subway around the corner and riding 10 minutes to the tourist traps.-You want a nice size, non-claustrophobic room that is clean and decent looking, but don't care about fancy decor or style.-You realize how expensive Manhattan is and that $300(ish) a night plus taxes is not going to get you a four or five star suite like it would in many other cities in the US.-You don't need pampering or care about the staff chasing after your bags, hailing cabs for you, and generally kissing your (--) during your stay! (They are, however, very nice.)The Beacon is GREAT! It is an amazing upper west side neighborhood that has a great feel to it. It has a huge market across the street for fresh produce and everything you need to stock your fridge in your room. (A huge and unusual benefit in Manhattan). There's a Starbucks next door, several great bars and restaurants only a five minute walk away. It's a five minute walk to Central Park. A ten or 15 minute subway ride to just about anywhere you want to go in the city. It is not fancy! Don't expect that! It's a 1.5 star hotel, which actually pleasantly surprised me the first time. If you are not loaded like us and can't spend thousands of dollars a trip on a hotel, it's a good choice over staying in a chain hotel for the same price or more and having a room a foot larger that the bed. Is it a bummer that Manhattan costs a fortune? Of course! If you can't wrap your brain around the expense, NYC is not for you. But it is amazing and worth every penny for me and my husband. We try to go at the holidays every couple years now.I didn't give an excellent rating, because in a perfect world you would get everything and more for this price. Considering the value, however, and the reasons mentioned above, I highly recommend the Beacon!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>AussieGirl79
<Content>Loved the Beacon Hotel, NYC I had a wonderful 6 night stay at the Beacon Hotel, New York City. Our room was a one bedroom apartment, great size and the kitchenette was a bonus (complete with utensils, crockery and full size oven and refrigerator). Very clean and spacious. Front desk staff were friendly, and the concierge was very helpful as well. The location was great, straight across from a supermarket, next door to a great cafe/restaurant (the salmon raviolli is great) and a Starbucks, banks/ATM's and shops are all close by. Within walking distance to Central Park (a must!) and the American Museum of Natural History (a great place to visit)Also the subway was just a 2 minute walk, giving us access to all the major sites and attractions.The Beacon Hotel felt like a Home from Home', I would definately stay here again, without a doubt. Loved it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>alainl03
<Content>Great hotel in a great Manhattan location! I really enjoyed my stayed there! The hotel has oversized room and suites that are perfect to travel with a family. I was travelling with my family (2 adults and 2 young kids) and I reserved a suite who was perfect for us. The suite was large with a kitchenette. The hotel location (Upper West side) is great with many restaurants, central parks, natural history museum and stores at walking distance. It's a one minute walk to the subway station who go directly to Times Square (express line). I personally prefer this location where real New-Yorker leave. I鈥檓 not a fan of Times Square area hotels; too crowdy and noisy with expensive restaurants (and not good!) dedicated to serve mainly tourists visiting Time Square. The restaurant of the hotel is OK for a quick meal or breakfast (you will need to go out the hotel to access the restaurant - no direct access from the hotel lobby). The hotel have no parking; in this area the cost for parking is $47/day; it鈥檚 NYC鈥?  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TroutGal
<Content>Hotel Beacon Great Neighborhood We stayed in 2 bedroom 2 bath suite for a long Christmas holiday weekend. We had a beautiful corner suite that was spacious and had 3 flat screen TVs. They are in the process of remodeling rooms and we had one of the finished ones. So make sure you ask for a remodelled room, if possible. The staff and concierge were extremely helpful and friendly. We felt safe and really loved the neighborhood. The wine store is next door and the grocery store across the street. This is a neighborhood with real families and people living here. The neighborhood services are good because they are not catering to tourists -- there are plenty of delis, pharmacies, bookstores, etc. And just 2 blocks from the 72nd street subway. We loved coming back from the crowded Times Square and Broadway area. It was a quick cab ride/subway ride back home to the hotel. It was so comforting coming back to escape all the insanity. We felt very safe and welcomed back to our neighborhood on 74th and Broadway. We would highly recommend this hotel for girls weekend in New York or for families. You will like eating next door at the Viand cafe for quick service, reasonable prices, and good food. You'll love shopping at the Fairway Market across the street and buy fresh fruit, cheeses, baked goods, etc. You'll be shopping with the locals. The worst thing that happened is that the large plate glass windows were sort of drafty and it was a little cool in the bedrooms, but we all slept well !! Don't overlook this hotel! It's priced fairly and it's in a great location!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>janetb06
<Content>much more than we expected we travelled from England on our first ever visit to New York and really did'nt no what to expect. we had been told lots of stories about small hotel rooms, poor service and bad locations. So the 7 hour flight was filled with anticipation. when we arrived at the Beacon Hotel approx 10pm we were met by a very pleasant receptionist who appreciated the fact we had had a long day and provided quick service to get us our keys for the room. The room was very spacious for the three of us and we had a lovely night time and early morning view which you would have to pay much more than we did if this was back in England. There was housekeeping everyday which kept the main areas of the room very clean. The location was far enough from Times Square not to be affected by noise but not to far to get too approx 10mins in a cab which cost $7 拢3.50 alternatively it is a very pleasant walk (if you like walking that is). central park was only 2/3 blocks away and there was lots of shops, diners (next door), restaurants, boutiques, nailbars etc surrounding the beacon hotel.Directly opposite was a large foodstore. next door to the hotel there is a theatre unfortunatley we were there at the time when they were all on strike. All my family enjoyed the 7 days we were there and would recommend the hotel to family and friends and hope to visit the hotel Beacon and NY next year.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>giveita
<Content>Night From Hell Night from hell!We went to bed at 10:00 PM and in less than a minute we heard a banging noise. The sound repeated itself from 2 to 4 times a minute for the next half hour. We then called the desk and complained. The desk told us that they would send up an engineer to investigate the noise. We waited about a half hour and no engineer. Another call to the desk and again we were told they would send an engineer. Another half hour passed and noise is still continuing  no engineer. I decided to investigate the noise myself and discovered that the head of our bed is next to the elevator and every time the elevator moved it made a banging noise. So after an hour and a half of waiting for an engineer, we decided that a personal visit to the desk was necessary. I got dressed  went downstairs. As I approached the desk with steam coming out of my ears, I said to the desk man 鈥淚 am room 2304鈥? He responded with you look like someone ready to attack and he followed with Why don't we change your room鈥? I said 鈥渢hat would be a good idea鈥? We were then given room 919. The Rooms:I must say, the rooms were clean. However, furniture was old and worn. Small bathrooms with no exhaust fans. Small pillows. 19鈥?Television remote did not work. 9th floor hallway smelled musty (terrible). Dangerous to stand in shower, no non-slip strips in bathtub, my wife slipped twice---once getting in and once getting out. If you call the desk for service 鈥渇orget it鈥? Finally:The hotel should provide the desk personnel with a sport coat that fits. The poor man was wearing a jacket that had to be 4-sizes to small. It looked like the single button was ready to pop off. I wouldn't stay at the beacon if it was free.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lolow
<Content>Comfortable, accessible AND affordable in NYC! Hotel Beacon is in a great location for a short walk to events at Lincoln Center. The neighborhood also offers plenty of shopping, running the gamut from Barney's to Loehmann's. Our room was unusually spacious, comfortable and well-equipped ; the bathroom tiny but clean. In addition, you have a little kitchen with sink, fridge, stove, microware, coffeemaker, toaster, dishes  cookware,...everything needed for an extended stay. (There's also a coin-operated laundry in the hotel). Just next door is a cafe (sort of a Greek diner) which offers free delivery and reasonable prices for good food. The Hotel Beacon staff was very professional and friendly, and the hotel rates can't be beat for New York. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FAMILY44444
<Content>Yes if you want space No if you want tourist location or style The prior reviews are all pretty much on point. The review posted by 504 on 11/21 was right almost word for word, shabby window treatments, carpets, wallpaper, etc. Another poster described the stuff as faded.All true. It depends on what you want. For us (a family of 4) the one bedroom suite was by far the largest space we stayed in: thebedroom was around 12 x 14 and the living room was probably 12 x 20 -- huge by Manhattan standards. (see pictures) But the place was a little worn. We're used to Marriott's and this was a couple of grades below that.Location: this is not a tourist area; its more a neighborhood. I don't think theres much to do in Times Square (not into plays, ESPN, etc.) so I prefer not to stay there. This is an exiciting neighborhood with a real urban feel to it and just walking around is fun enough. The hotel is 2 blocks from the 72nd express stop on the Broadway line so its easy to get most anywhere, although at a fare of $2 - the $8 fare for a family of 4 adds up. Cab fare to the Chelsea galleries should be around $14; Canal Street should be about $18. If you want this neighborhood with some style try the On the Ave hotel 2 blocks north: more expensive and much smaller but very modern rooms.Food store: Best and cheapest is to shop in Fairway, the huge (by Manhattan standards) supermarket across the street or its better competitor 2 blocks north same side of the street. All the normal stuff in both stores plus tons of cheeses and prepared gourment foods. Worth a look even if you don't buy.Restaurants: Amsterdam and Columbus (the two street parallel to and east of Broadway) are loaded with restaurants -- walking and looking is fun by itself.Fast Food: The two pizza places north of the hotel on the east side of Broadway were (surprisingly for NY) mediocre to bad. If you want pizza, Little Nicks (2 blocks north, west side of Broadway) was outstanding. Gigi's, about 5 blocks south, west side of Broadway, had delicious quessadillas, and the Jewish deli (3 blocks north, east side of Broadway) was mediocre to good and a little expensive for fast food  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>504
<Content>Hated it I don鈥檛 understand why all these good reviews?We stayed at the hotel for two nights and paid $740 鈥?this is no bargain! For that we received very spacious accommodations, and that was the only good thing about it. The wallpaper was peeling of the walls, the carpet was spotted and buckled off the floor, the bedspread had cigarette burns on the inside, the sheets were the cheapest, and the pillows just pitiful, the window treatments were heavy and gloomy. Yes, the location was good but so are most hotel locations in the city. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>HappyCouple38
<Content>Beacon is great I booked the Beacon because of its location, price and great reviews on Trip Advisor. It turned out even better than I expected. We stayed three nights in mid-October, a very expensive time to stay in New York. I would definitely stay here again even if I could afford a better hotel. The service was fantastic. The room was clean and large by New York standards. The location was absolutely fabulous, so close to food, shopping, transportation, the park, etc. The rooms are in need of an update, but considering that everything functioned properly - windows open, air conditioner worked, plumbing, safe and elevator, I'll take shabby over chic. I've stayed in chic hotels in New York and stuff did not work, the rooms were so small you could touch the walls with both hands, and the service was yucky. So, the Beacon is it for me from now on!!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sdludlow
<Content>Loved the location This hotel is in a great location, so close to the subway, walking distance to central park and some of the museums and surrounded by lots of cafe's. We enjoyed Gray's Papaya Hotdogs which is just down the road too. The staff weren't overly friendly but the conceriege was. They have good laundry facilities which is helpful when you're on an extended holiday. The room was large, great shower, and the kitchenette came in handy. The beds were comfortable too and the hotel was very quiet. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Broadway_Baby01
<Content>Perfect Location Hotel Beacon was in a fabulous location for seeing all things in NYC. As other reviewers have said, it has great access to the subway and is in walking distance to Central Park. The rooms are clean and have a great lay-out. Having the kitchenette proved to be a great benefit for breakfast! Also, the Fairway across the street was very convenient.I also found the staff to be very helpful. Our flights were delayed and we didn't arrive until the next morning but were able to go right to our room at 8am. Also, our flight out was late in the afternoon and we left our bags with the concierge with no problems. I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveler looking for convenience, great ambiance and a reasonable price tag. I'm definitely booking this place when I go back next year!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>mancboomerang
<Content>Great value Upper West Side hotel The Beacon Hotel is a bit faded and not great with on-site facilities. Its location is excellent and there are heaps of coffee shops and places to have breakfast/ dinner right on the doorstep. I've stayed at the hotel three times now and each time I've been happy with service.The hotel is very near the subway and in easy walking distance of the Lincoln Center and Central Park. Although it might not be in the centre of midtown and so not be an obvious choice for a first time visitor to New York, I'd recommend it to anybody seeking comfortable hotels on a reasonable budget in New York.Last time I stayed there, I was upgraded to a suite (pictures attached) but the standard rooms are big too.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Sheepish239
<Content>Just right This was such a good location, minutes from Central Park - Strawberry Fields area and near subway so you could get anywhere !!!Rooms were clean and although light wasn't working when we checked in it was fixed in 5 minutes !The supermarket was an added bonus I have never seen anything like it - fascinating and we had two good meals at the cafe attached to the hotel, real good value.Surrounded by shops and plenty to see to take in the atmosphereI would recommend this hotel to anyone on a leisure visit.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>drgc
<Content>Bedroom, sitting room, kitchenette and easy shopping We visited from the UK on a Virgin Holiday. This is an ideal hotel for families who prefer self catering type arrangements to luxury waiter type hotels. We stayed at Park Central Hotel on 7th in 2006. Beacon Hotel was far more welcoming and much better for room sizes - two double beds in one room, a large sitting room, kitchen, bathroom and 3 walk in cupboards. We had a room facing east away from Broadway - very quiet. Carpet a bit tatty also the sofa, but a great place to stay. Fairway Supermarket alone is worth the trip to Manhattan. 2 minutes to Subway, 1 minute to bus stops, 5 minutes walk to Central Park. Fairway restaurant on 2nd Floor opposite is a must. Don't be put off by being up on 75th Street - this is a friendly safe convenient place to stay. We will be back!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLR
<Content>great location, good price It is always a challenge to find an affordable hotel in New York city. The Beacon was a good choice. I travel to New York often on business and each time I try to save the company a little money. The Beacon helped me to reach that goal. The hotel is located on Broadway near west 72 street and just a few steps away from the subway station so the location is great. There are many restaurants and shops nearby and a gormet supermarket right across the street. What I liked most about the Beacon in addition to the location is the friendliness of the staff. Check-in was very quick and pleasant. The rooms are a good size, not too small or cramped and they are equipped with a mini fridge, a range top, pots, dishes and a microwave. I could bring leftovers from the restaurant back to the hotel and heat it up for a late night snack. The decor is nothing to write home about, it's no Trump Tower. The wallpaper and carpet is little outdated and is starting to show signs of wear and tear along the edges but considering the bucks I'm saving I didn't mind at all. If you are looking for atmosphere and elegance this isn't the place but if you are looking for a comfortable budget hotel you will like the Beacon. I would stay here again because of the price and location. Staying in the Beacon is like staying in a nice well worn shoe, its comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>heavybuddy
<Content>A great affordable choice in Manhattan Originally we were going to stay outside the city due to budget considerations, but after weighing the pros and cons decided that staying in Manhattan was worth the extra expense. It was the right decision. The Beacon is located in a great Upper West Side neighborhood, loaded with great stores and restaurants, and only a block from the 72nd St subway. You can be in Times Square in less than ten minutes, and from there it's easy to reach any part of NYC. This hotel is well suited to families, especially if you have a teenager that needs her privacy. Our suite was spacious by New York standards, with a well-appointed living room with a sofabed (which became my daughter's domain), a full kitchen, and a good-sized bedroom with two queen beds. We were on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, which offered great views but was rather noisy throughout the night. The Fairway Market across the street is a great place to shop, but they take deliveries around the clock, and the trucks idle the whole time. If you're a light sleeper, demand a room at the back. I thought our suite was very nicely decorated, with no signs of wear and tear whatsoever. The beds were comfy, all the appliances worked, and we had plenty of towels and kitchen utensils. Although the traffic noise was constant, we never heard a peep from our neighbors, no running water, flushing, TV, nothing. The elevators were a bit slow but we never had to wait longer than 2 minutes. The housekeepers were friendly and gave us whatever we asked for no questions asked, but some of the people at the front desk could use a refresher course in customer service, or maybe a surgical procedure to remove their attitude. But there were also some very friendly clerks who went out of their way to help. Getting back to the Fairway, this is an incredible market, with an amazing selection of meats, cheeses, produce, and deli items, all very reasonably priced. The store is open until 1:00am, so my advice is go late at night, because in the afternoon and early evening the aisles are packed to the gills. If you're not into grocery shopping, there are dozens of great restaurants within a five minute walk. The Beacon is an ideal choice for people on a budget: for the price of an ordinary room in one of the big chain hotels in Times Square, you get a suite with a full kitchen, and room to relax. We were 100% satisfied with our stay and look forward to a return trip someday.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>savethetrees
<Content>Great place to stay I really enjoyed my stay at the Beacon, it was so easy to get around New York from this hotel, the park is a short walk and the 72st subway is about 2 minutes away.The kitchen is a fabulous asset when holidaying and there are numerous food markets just across the road with the biggest selection of fresh food I have ever seen. The area feels very safe and I wandered the streets at night with my 12 year old daughter with no fear of danger, we enjoyed eating at 'Big Nicks' which is nearby and has the best and most reasonably priced food around, being a residential area it was so interesting to see how people actually live in Manhattan and there are some great shops and cinemas on the next block.The shower tiles could have done with a spray of soap scum remover and the couch was in need of a spot clean on one cushion, but I turned the cushion over and made sure I didn't drop the soap and quickly got over it as it is such a fabulous place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>bye_for_now
<Content>Great stay at the Beacon Recently stayed at the Beacon Hotel. The Upper West Side is a great neighbourhood, plenty of interesting food stores, restaurants etc and close to many attractions. The staff were always helpful and friendly. The view from the 25th floor towards Central Park was wonderful. Also it was handy to have a laundry in the hotel so we could do our own laundry.We found the Metrocard to be great value for travelling on the subways and buses.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Rachy24
<Content>The beacon really does shine!!!!!! :-) We have just returned from New york, and stayed at the beacon hotel, this was our 3rd visit to the city staying at various hotels/ Apartments each time, but the Beacon Hotel was by far the best!!, We booked a 1 bedroom suite, as we wanted space, and space is exactly what we got, our apartment in the hotel was huge compaired to others we have stayed in ( for the same price 2!! ), we had our own living room, with a sofa ( folded out in to a double bed) 2 chairs, a dining table with 2 chairs, coffee table, tv, with stand and storage space, the living room overlooked the hudson river, ( we were on the 24th floor) and it was a wicked view at night!, off the living room was a small but compact kitchen, and was spotless, and had everything we needed if we wanted to stay in and cook ( but who does in nyc), and the maid, which is daily service, left fresh coffee, teabags etc for us on the days we requested them to come in and change our sheets etc. The bathroom was a decent size, it had a bath and a shower, sink/ toilet, ( The maid also left us lil shampoos and conditioners etc, the mouthwash looked a bit toxic, but it was the thought that counted haha) The bedroom was huge, it had x2 double beds in (very comfy) and it had plenty of storage space, along with a tv and sky also in the room, it also had a personal safe ( free of charge) you could programme yourself, if you wanted to store your cash. I found our room very well kept and very clean, and believe me im quite hard to impress with regards to the way hotels clean their properties, sure there is always room for improvement but it was nearly spotless! ( could have done with a change of carpet in the L room, but hey! ) The hotel itself is situated on 75th street broadway, which is 2 blocks ( about 1 min away) from the 72nd street main subway where you can get a Metro card fun pass ( good for rail and bus) for the day for $7 you can go anywhere in nyc on the card. It has its own resteraunt on site so if you didnt want to go out, the resteraunt/ diner style eatery has all you need, it also has its own wine shop, which is pretty cool, and the prices are fair.On 72nd street, heading towards central park, is a place called BBQ's, its a stonesthrow away from the Beacon Hotel and the have Texas Style  frozen cocktails on offer for around $7, they are not to be missed ( they are the size of fishbowls, delicious, and your hammered after 1, $7, you cant complian!! ha) also across the road from the Beacon, is the famous fairways supermarket, it has everything you need , even if you didnt want to see a supermarket on your hols, its worth just going in to see the amount of food that place has!. The beacon hotel is about 5 mins from central park, and you could either walk, catch a cab or catch a sub if you wanted to go downtown where Macys, and to where all the other hustle and bustle is, The beacon hotel is brill for anyone, and it especially brill for the people who like to venture in to the hustle and bustle of new york when they fancy, but enjoy a more peacefull laid back pace where the hotel is situated, The Beacon hotel is just fab! :-) P.s Coney island is a must, although the cyclone  roallercoaster gives you some major bruises!! :-)  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>whits-endVA
<Content>Great for our family We stayed at the Beacon for two nights with our two children. When we walked into our king suite, we were obviously given a smoking room, but the front desk promptly and without question switched us to non-smoking (I should've asked when I made the reservation). The room was generously sized, so our family had plenty of room to stretch out. We enjoyed the neighborhood (nice wide sidewalk in front of the hotel) and the cleanliness and size of the 72d St. subway station. This was not the fanciest hotel in NYC, but it really hit the spot for our family. Our only regret was not being able to take better advantage of the adequately-stocked kitchenette- we ate at Sambucca nearby, and the food was awesome and plentiful. It was unfortunate that we left the next day and didn't have time to eat our leftovers for lunch!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>stixvelo
<Content>Euro-style Simplicity in Upper Midtown We have stayed at the Beacon many, many times, and we consider it our home in New York. We have stayed at other, more upscale hotels farther downtown, and we always end up going back to the Beacon.  This hotel is very popular with french tourists, so it gives it a euro flavor. True, it is a one star hotel, without alot of amenities. But what they do, they do very well. The physical plant is well tended. Rooms are immaculate, service is efficient, warm and personable, and they consistenly remember the little touches, such as toiletries in the bathrooms. Concierges and front desk staff are excellent and knowledgeable. The real beauty of this hotel is its neighborhood. It is convenient to anywhere in New York -- not just Manhattan -- via the subway. Central Park, the Museum of Natural History, Columbus Circle, Lincoln Center, and the cheapest restaurants in Manhattan are within blocks of the Beacon. The local community is vibrant and alive. Local universities are convenient to get to as well. Fordham Law School, Julliard, Cooper Union, and Columbia U. are all close by or just a short subway ride away. The hotel is across from a Fairway supermarket, so you can get almost anything you need. And it's near Niko's, one of the best greek restaurants in New York. The hotel is an excellent value. The suites are huge, and they come wel-equipped with a studio-sized kitchen. We paid $255 per night. The only drawback to any hotel in Manhattan is parking. We paid $47 per night for parking, so factor that into your room budget. We enjoyed our stay here, and we will continue to make the Beacon our New York home.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bigted27
<Content>Quiet oasis       Cafe Viand  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Librarian1998
<Content>Roomy  The Hotel Beacon is not fancy. My daughter was disappointed when we pulled up and there was scaffolding covering the entrance of the hotel. However, it has everything a siteseeing family could need. The rooms are big by NYC standards - my kids had plenty of room to spread out their games.The neighborhood is great - a real residential neighborhood, as opposed to the Times Square area or the Wall Street area where we sometimes stay. There are plenty of markets, restaurants and stores at all price levels and tastes. We had breakfast a few times at the Tasty Cafe near the subway station (Broadway and 72nd, I think). This is a counter service place, but the food is great and quick, and there is a used book seller that sets up his stand right outside the door who encouraged the kids to look through his wares.Because the neighborhood is not as crowded and fast-paced as Midtown, we did not have to hold tightly onto our kids. The could enjoy looking around at a relaxed pace. Also, there is a fun playground with a Western theme at Amsterdam and 77th that my kids wanted to return to again and again.The concierge staff were very helpful. (They were the ones who directed us to the playground). Anything they couldn't answer, they looked up quickly for us. We didn't use them for anything high-end, like getting theater tickets, so don't know how they would do with that. A small thing, but a nice surprise was the toiletries in the room. Most hotels have a sign saying to ask the staff if there is anything you have forgotten, but Hotel Beacon anticipated everything for us, which is much better. The toiletries included things like cotton swabs and a toothbrush!We have stayed at the Hotel Excelsior in the same neighborhood. The Excelsior seems more up-to-date and upscale than the Beacon for a similar price. However, I preferred the Beacon because the staff was much more friendly and helpful, and the location is slightly closer to stores, restaurants and the subway. And even though the Beacon is in a busier location, we did not have any problem with noise in our room.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>dsxl
<Content>Great deal for Manhattan We stayed only one night, but based on our experience we would definitely return to the Beacon. For a paltry (by NYC standards) $255 plus tax, four of us were more than comfortable in a one-bedroom (w/ two double beds) suite w/ kitchenette. The suite was large (and not just by NYC standards) and luckily for us had the added advantage of being a corner unit with great views (22nd floor). Our only minor complaints were beds that weren't quite firm enough and a bathroom that was a little on the small side. We didn't explore the area around the hotel, but as others have noted here, there are plenty of restaurants and a grocery store nearby, and it's a convenient enough location from which to get around the city. We were able to park on the street for free overnight, just around the block from the hotel. Overall this hotel is a very good value for Manhattan, at least compared to the half-dozen or so other places in the city, Brooklyn, and Secaucus where we've stayed over the last three years.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>JeffOlympia
<Content>A Mouse in the House I was very excited about our stay at the Beacon initially. The neighborhood is very nice, and has a great feel to it. It is also close to the subway.However, as our stay progressed, things got worse. Our safe in the room was not attached to the closet wall. I mentioned it to the front desk, but it was never fixed for all 5 days. Our sofa bed was a bit worn around the edges, and needed replacement. Our toilet ran on after flushing and was annoying. Nevertheless, these were small items and we tolerated them. On our last night, as I pulled out the sofa bed, a mouse darted out from it. It scared the heck out of my wife and I. I called the front desk, and offered us another room. So we packed up and moved at midnight. Not very fun at all.While the hotel did give us a modest discount due to mouse incident, all in all, I don't think I could say I would want to stay there again, other than I loved the neighborhood.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>BigStu78
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My friend and I booked the Beacon as part of a package deal through Virgin. As we are both males we needed a twin room, which is harder than you think to come by for some reason. We booked a 1 bedroom suite with 2 queen beds. We were surprised by the size of the room. It was huge, with a big sitting room and kitchenette. I found the staff to very helpful, with the exception of one of the front desk stakk but thats to be expected anywhere. The hotel is only a short walk away from a subway stop. It is also very close to central park. Times square is a 20-30 minute walk depending on the time of day. We had a little problem with a flood in the toilet one morning but within 2 minutes of calling reception the maintenance guy was up and sorting the problem. All in all a very nice hotel nd we will be going back next year for our short stop in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Laurs456
<Content>Great hotel I was a bit worried about staying at this hotel because of the reviews that I had read. During my last stay in New York I had an awful experience at the Hotel Pennsylvania. However, Hotel Beacon was an excellent choice. The staff were helpful and attentive and the room itself was excellent. We had a room with two double beds, a marble bathroom, living room and kitchenette. The room was very clean and the hotel itself was very quiet. The neighbourhood was very nice and there were plenty of restaurants and pubs within walking distance. The subway is only two blocks away and Midtown is only two stops downtown. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>melly7
<Content>Great hotel  This hotel was in a great location on the upper west side. There are a nice collection of restaurants and the classic NYC deli's we all love. The hotel doesn't offer breakfast but there is a diner next door which we visited every morning and the staff were very friendly and efficient. It is only minutes walk to the subway station which takes you directly to Times Square, Battery Park etc. It is also a short walk to other attractions like Central Park and the Natural History Museum.The rooms were huge, I think we had deluxe suites, which had a living area, kitchenette, separate bedroom which 2 double beds and a walk in robe. More than ample space (plenty of room to store all that shopping!!!). The staff were very friendly, esp the concierge who helped on many occasions.Overall, I'd like to try a different neighbourhood of NYC next time, but if not, would definitely stay at the Beacon again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>steve1gr
<Content>Good all round hotel       Living area showing kitchenette  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>KGN86
<Content>Great family hotel My Aunt wanted to take me and my kids (age 7  9) to NYC for the weekend. This hotel was perfect: 2 nice size queen beds, very clean bathroom, small table with 2 chairs and a kitchenette! For a family it was ideal. There was affordable dining options close to the hotel. The Fairview market (across the street) has everything you'll need for breakfast. I noticed several families staying in the hotel.The location is next the the natural science museum, subway station and Central Park. The staff was very helpful.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>e-w-wimbledon
<Content>great value Don't normally take time to review hotels, but was so impressed with the Beacon that I made an exception. After reading so many horror stories of cupboard-sized rooms in New York hotels, we booked the Beacon after reading that the rooms were a good size. Even so, we were unprepared for the large bedroom + separate sitting room with kitchenette that greeted us when we arrived. We even had two flat-screen TVs! (We booked a kingsize suite through Expedia.)The decor is a little old and dated, but everything is clean. Our room had everything we could possibly need for our stay, and more. An excellent, price for what you get, especially when compared with prices elsewhere in New York. Central Park and subway within easy walking distance. Cafe next-door does superb, cheap breakfasts!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>renahockney
<Content>Excellent hotel This hotel is excellent. The location is perfect, being close to the metro station and within walking distance of the Lincoln Centre, which is why we chose it.Despite the hotel being refurbished when we were there, there was hardly any disruption and the staff were friendly and helpful. We had a fantastic room on the 24th floor (room 12) which afforded excellent views all round and was large and very comfortable. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Stetsonz
<Content>Always a great experience We spent 4 nights at the Hotel Beacon beginning July 22. About ten years ago, we stayed at this property as part of a package deal, and really liked it. This year marks our fourth time to stay at the Beacon. We got the double double suite for 3 persons. This was a bedroom with 2 double beds and a seperate room that had a sitting room and a complete kitchen set-up. Having the extra room was handy for when one of us was up early we could go about things without awakening the others.  The lobby of the hotel has been totally renovated and is a lot brighter and roomier and has a much better floorplan. The room was neat and clean. The kitchen comes complete with microwave, stove, toaster, refrigerator/freezer, dishes and silverware. While we're not ones to cook in the room, one day it poured down rain so we crossed the street to Fairway Market and got some snacks and drinks. (Sidenote: The Fairway Market is a marvel unto itself. Huge variety and good pricing. You have to see it to appreciate it.)  It's true that the rooms are no showplace, but everything was clean and comfortable. That's all we really wanted. Generally we're not in the room a whole lot anyway. When you're tired from sightseeing all day, it doesn't matter if the comforter doesn't match the walls or if the sofa cushion design is a little worn. A USA Today newspaper is delivered to the door every morning, which is nice to have.  The only real downside to the visit was the elevators. In the past the elevators have been a little slow, but of no concern, but this time the wait time for elevators was sometimes quite long. There are notes saying they are working on them and directions on accessing the service elevators, but even that isn't always a help. Fortunately we were only on the seventh floor, so walking down was always an option, but only a necessity once. Hopefully they will get this improved, but even as it is, I'd stay there again.  Locationwise, this place is wonderfully situated. Not only is it across from the great market, it is a very short walk to a major subway stop. An express train can get you to 42nd street in a matter of minutes. One block over, Amsterdam Ave has a multitude of eating places, and just a couple more blocks you're in Central Park.  If I return to Manhattan one day, I will certainly check the Beacon for availability before I check elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dlnun
<Content>Great Value, Great Location My wife  I took our three teenage daugthers to NYC the last week of June 2007 and had a wonderful time staying at the Hotel Beacon. We'd stayed at the property before and were extremely pleased with the fact that they could give us accomodations that housed all 5 of us comfortably in one room with an adequate kitchen, and a grocery store just across the street, for just $275 per night... in NYC, that's a great value... and very few hotels have rooms that size at any price.We had great help from their friendly staff (even when our stool plugged), the room was clean, two large rooms with two double beds in one and a fold-out couch in the second room, two TV's with lots of cable channels, great view of Broadway at 75th, just two blocks to the subway and three blocks to central park.Three things would have made it the Perfect hotel stay and moved it to an Excellent overall rating:*Newer carpet in our room.*Fitted sheets on the beds.*Free wireless Intenet (although they did have a business center available at a nominal charge).  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Insideinfo
<Content>Good NYC hotel Hotel Beacon is a good NYC hotel for a decent price. Located in the upper west side of Manhattan, the neighborhood is nice (make sure to check out Citarella and Zabars), and it is close to central park and the museum of natural history. They have internet in the lobby and they also offer several suites with kitchens. I recommend this hotel especially for stays of one week or longer. I also recommend it for families with children who want to visit the museum.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>5onLily
<Content>Mixed results The hotel is in a great location and is less hurried than the east side and mid-town and is very close to the subway, Central Park, The Dakota's and museums. Great restaurants with larger portions at better prices than the east side and mid-town too. If only the rooms were as nice as the lobby. Everything was outdated, wallpaper peeling off the walls, old and worn carpet and a moldy bathroom. Everything seemed like it needed cleaning. Some staff members were very pleasant while others were not that nice. Concierge's seemed to be bothered by our questions and on a couple of occasions gave us wrong information on restaurant locations. Customer service needs a lot of improvement here and it starts from the top. Some staff got it, especially in housekeeping who were very nice and attentive. Our problems were mainly in the lobby. We would give this place one more try but if customer service and cleanliness weren't improved, then it would definitely be the last stay here.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>mary062
<Content>Loved the beacon Stayed at this hotel in June. Fab location with loads of shops in the vicinity - Gap, Banana republic, Filenes, Children's Place, Sephora, Also cinema is within walking distance; subway 2 minute walk away and Beacon theatre next door. Can't fault the place other than lifts under repair and they were very slow while we were there. Probably repaired now! Would definitely stay there again as area is clean and feels safe.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pearljam_49
<Content>The Place for parents with young kids!!! I recently jolned my wife, who was traveling on business, to NYC along with our two young children (4 yrs  2 yrs). We had a wonderful stay at Hotel Beacon.We received excellent service that was always friendly. Upon arrriving we asked for a crib and within 5 minutes we had it. Also, requested new sheets, coffee, and a roll a way and all were met within minutes. Housekeeping was professional and flexiable with nappings and all the like that come when traveling with young kids.We stayed in room 1911, which is a one bedroom. It was HUGE. The main room was 28 ft. x 16 ft., with a small kitchen (stove,oven,mircowave,full fridge, cups, glasses, toaster, etc.). There is a pull out bed along with a table and 3 chairs. The bedroom is also big 24 by 16 with a walk in closet. We were able to fit the crib in the closet, thus giving our children seperate rooms. THAT WAS GREAT.The only caution i have is beware of the locals on the elevators, very rude. But it is NY.Also, the hotel is a bit dated. Meaning the wall paper is old and so is some of the furniture. But in no way is it unclean or not comfortable. I felt this have the place some character. Nice break from the cookie cutter world we tend to live in these days.There is a laundry room on the 7th floor, containing 8 very clean washers and 8 well kept dryers. Each cycle cost $1.75.The location is awesome. 1,2,3 train is only a short 2 block walk. Fairway grocery is across the street, with excellent fresh produce and just about anything one would want. I read about the prices being high. NOT TRUE. With the kitchen in the room we saved big $$ eating breakfast, lunch, and a couple of dinners in the room.Eats- Big Nick's on broadway is a must. Their menu is extensive. We don't eat meat and were delighted to find well over 20 vegetarian offerings. Also try the Pizza shop on Amsterdam, something and Peppers, can't recall the full name.The park is about a 10 minute walk each way and worth it. For you will pass some truly beautiful brownstones. The Museum of Natural History is only about a 15 minute walk. For those of you with young kids in the park just after 81st street you will find the Dinana Ross Playground. Sand, fountain, swings (toddler and tire), and two huge playsets. Like every park in the city it's fenced in and well shaded.We did not use the wireless network, so can't comment either way. The next time we go to NYC it will once again be at the Hotel Beacon. LOVED IT!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelertoNY
<Content>Ok but... I am surprised by all the fantastic reviews... seems odd as we actually experienced problems...The wireless service was poor and the business room is quite a joke. They had assured me i can work there , as i had no wireless service and that they wouldn't charge me normal price. However you are in a little closet-sized room with two old and poorly maintained pcs where kiddies go there all the time so no peace of mind to work...Tbh i didn't get charged at all as actually noone paid attention who entered...with a result of never actually been able to sit there for more than 5 mins... Anyway the service is too poor to be charged 5$ per half an hour... go on a starbuck's and enjoy a coffee while working there... much better. If you travel for work, only wireless (precharged in your credit card) is an option... that is if the wireless actually has a signal to your room...The hotel is indeed in a great location, the rooms are surprisingly big and the kitchen is quite handy. Minor issue are the holes in our sheets... and the fact the room was old...and the a/c was sounding like a train... however room service was really nice and polite. If i didn't get upset about the unwillingness of the front desk to help out, and the rudeness of one of the concierges (the rest were really helpful), i would have a positive feeling about it... I would suggest it for a family but not for business purposes...  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>BanaPona
<Content>Good but mixed We had a good, but mixed stay at this hotel. We definitely liked the location 鈥?the Upper West Side beats Mid-Town hands down in my book. The subway is ultra-convenient, being literally two minute walk away. The neighborhood is also decent for grabbing a bite to eat (try Amsterdam over Broadway for better eats) and of course close to Central Park. And, the room is pretty spacious 鈥?especially for Manhattan. There were some negative things however. The bed was one of the worst I have experienced (bad mattress and bad sheets 鈥?clean but flimsy and coarse). If I was not so tired from walking around, it would have been a big problem. The shower we also had was bad 鈥?half the spouts did not work and the stream was weak. In general, a few areas of the room seemed to need more attention and up-dating. Finally, I did not like the Fairway across the street. It was sub-standard to a typical American grocery store (poor selection and high prices) and was crowded and stressful. I actually found a better selection of what I needed at the pharmacy down the street 鈥?this advice may save you some time and hassle.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>adventuretrip
<Content>Good Hotel in Great Area The Beacon Hotel is a great find, the rates are reasonable compared to many crazy priced Manhatten Hotels. Located on the Upper West side this district is packed with fabulous places to dine and shop and absorb yourself in NY culture. The hotel is only 2 minutes walk to the subway which has express trains to take you downtown within 10 minutes.Central Park and Riverside Park are also only a few minutes walk away and well worth exploring. Avis car hire just around the block and easy access onto the westside highway if driving out of the city.I have stayed here many many times and without a doubt would recommend it for business or pleasure........  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AndyAtl
<Content>Heart of the Upper West Side, no complaints! Unless you are planning to spend serious money (these days, $650/night for a luxury hotel), you need to make some compromises in New York. Rooms are small; or the carpeting might be a little threadbare;or the elevators will be slow; or the staff might be rude. Or some combination of the above. It's simply what you have to expect in New York.By those standards, the Beacon was fantastic for me. I only stayed one night, so I didn't have time to use my fully equipped kitchenette(a great feature). OK, the elevators were very slow, but I only experienced one wait longer than a couple of minutes. My room was big -- much larger than other rooms I have had in the city. I lucked out with a 19th floor room on the southeastern corner,with eastward views of the famous Dakota apartment building and a sliver of Central Park, and southern views toward Columbus Circle.The room's furnishings weren't up-to-date and there were a few cigarette burns in the carpet. So what? If you want a design hotel you can look elsewhere. The a/c worked great, the bed was comfortable, the linens were clean, and so on. The room was huge and I had a sitting area with a table. This hotel even has a concierge, which is very rare for New York hotels in the moderate price range.The Fairway supermarket across the street is amazing, and I am running out of superlatives to describe the Citarella gourmet market next door (even the website will make a foodie drool). A few blocks away you can shop at the famous Zabar's. One New Yorker (a client I visited while in town) told me this is the best area in Manhattan for food shopping. So you literally can cook gourmet meals in your room -- or simply reheat some of the wonderful goodies from across the street. That will stretch your dining budget and allow you to splurge on other meals while you're out on the town.I met a friend for dinner and spent $160 (for two) at an Argentinean steak restaurant. It was a good meal, but I would have had just as much fun shopping for gourmet food and wine with my friend, and dining in my room with its city views. And we would have spent half as much.Eat breakfast at Big Nick's, a 24-hour Greek diner just up Broadway on the west side of the street. I enjoyed a great breakfast at an outdoor table. The service was friendly and the prices were reasonable.Being so close to the Broadway  72nd St. Subway station is a big plus. From that station you can take an express C train to 42nd Street in less than 10 minutes.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>2Pals
<Content>good value Beacon hotel was a good value and great location however the elevators were being rennovated and the wait to go to the lobby was 15min one time. Otherwise we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Christine4
<Content>Fantastic, Wow Have just return from spending a week at the Beacon. Okay, our first night was spent on the 15th floor, but upon asking we were relocated to the 21st, wow what a difference. Over looking Central Park, with wonderful views beyond. So much so that my husband God bless him, rose early one morning to photograph the sunrise.We found the staff to be accomodating and helpful, as for the elevators we waited no longer than 5 minutes, I even walked up the first 6 flights on one occasion, phew, then I took pot luck and called the elevator.The location was superb, with a subway 2 blocks down, plenty of restaraunts within walking distance, recommend Ivy's on 72nd. Oh opt for the Metrocard if staying a week or so it's worth it and can be used on the subway or bus.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>traveler123Boston
<Content>A bit disappointed I'm somewhat surprised at how positive these reviews are. We stayed at the Beacon for 3 nights and found it acceptable but not, I would say, worth the price. I would rate it somewhere below your average Marriott. The room looked old and run-down, though large, the bedding was thin and old, and there was no desk in the room (which was a suite), which is very odd for a hotel that has a business center. On the positive side, the housekeepers were very courteous, and the lobby area is pleasant. If you're on a budget, it's an okay choice, but I don't expect to return here. By the way, for out-of-towners, the location is very good.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	4	2	

<Author>WLand
<Content>Peakin' at the Beacon! Have stayed here many times.Always pleased with the hotel.Reasonably priced for NYC.Clean, spacious, well-located.Good restaurants nearby, including Barney GreenGrass, a great place for New York deli food!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbysue
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! Just returned from a five night stay at the Beacon, and couldn't have been happier. Perfect location, quiet nights, and the convenience of the market across the street made our vacation great. Subway is a short walk down the street, Natural History Museum a couple blocks away, as well as Central Park. The front desk and concierge were especially helpful, and very friendly. Highly recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seattle_Ms_Fan
<Content>Perfect Location! I recently stayed for a week at the Beacon Hotel. I have lived in NYC and have traveled there countless times on business. I hate the big, convention style hotels and the miniture rooms at most of the boutique hotels. The Beacon had lots of room and none of the madness of the giant chains. We were prepared to wait for the elevators, having read the reviews. They were slow, but we came and went at off times and only had one annoyingly long wait. We took the freight elevators from the second floor and that worked out just fine. The proximity to the subway is great and it was an easy trip to any part of town. We went all over and never changed trains more than once. We certainly got our money's worth with the 7 day unlimited ride metro card! The Fairway market is amazing. And there are many great restaurants within a few blocks. We especially liked SaraBeth's at 80th and Amsterdam. It's known for breakfast, but the other meals are just as good. My only criticism was that the room was rather dated (although very clean). It sounds like they are re-doing the rooms and we should have requested an updated room (we didn't know better). The price was unbelievable, especially given the great location and size of the rooms! I will be back and have already recommended it to several friends and family members.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hollybest
<Content>Fantastic! My boyfriend and I stayed here 10-13 May, and although I was unsure of the location, we had an unbelievable time. We booked through Virgin Holidays, opting down the accomodation only route, and ended up paying about 300 gbp for 3 nights for the both of us. When we arrived, although we were about an hour ealy, our room was ready, and we had been upgraded to a King Suite, at no extra chage. The room had spectacular views, as we were up on the 24th floor at the end of the corridoor, room 2412, and was massive by New York standards. The cable channels worked (also unusual for New York) and the ktichen was brilliant, even if it did only have one large pan to cook in. (although im sure if we had asked they would have given us more) The maids were really good too, every day we came back to a spotless room.Really cannot praise this place enough, we will definitely be recommending this place to anyone who will listen!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NictheCarver
<Content>Beacon of distinction Stayed here May 3rd thru till the 6th. Location IS great, sure it is not midtown but so what. Are you telling me there is nothing to do around this area? We found loads of great bars (Boat Basin Cafe for one) and eateries etc. The area is clean, safe and smart and a perfect getaway from the Times Sq tourist trap (even tho i loved that too). Room 907 was great. recently refurbed to a great standard with new furniture, good kitchen, Samsung LCD tv's and decent bathroom. Having Fairways over the road was great too for those drinks and snacks. Room service was great too, every day cleaned spotlessly. We even had some Californian Merlot and choccies in the room on arrival, without asking, or indeed being charged for it on check out. In short i could not big this place up enough.For a great price 拢120 per night, and the room quality, i was very impressed. I will be going back next year for more. The hotel was fab but for me just being in New York makes me so happy, the place rocks!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>tomstaite1983
<Content>Loved the hotel This hotel is near central partk on the west side of New York. Wasn't sure of the location of the hotel at first, but when I found the subway two blocks away that iw was it!!!!!. The rooms are large, and the benfeit of having a kichen saves money paying for breafast out and can easily prepare food to take with especialy with a fantastic 24hr supermarket across the road sellig loads of fresh food. Didn't really use any of the hotel facilities as rather go and see the sites. Would stay here again if I had the chance to go back to New York and it was a clean and friendly hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>TravlingBard
<Content>Spacious, Courteous, Quaint I booked this hotel for two nights 4-11 through 4-13 to complement two nights on Times Square. The combination was brilliant. Hotel Beacon was convenient to places and events we wanted to visit, 3 blocks from the 72d St subway, and as a former NYC resident, I prefer the relaxed, funky mood of the West Side, the presence of dogs and baby carriages. The front desk was friendly and helpful as were the concierge/bell desk. Read reviews here so requested view room, stayed on the 23rd floor with a great view of the city and park in the distance. We were not too perturbed by slow elevators (also because of reviews). Got a pretty good deal on the website for a suite ($255 a night) which was huge by NYC standards. Two large rooms, the heat worked perfectly in both, nice kitchenette, small but clean polished stone bath. The older feel of the building truly made me feel at home and since all was clean, it was fine. Beds were okay, not too firm thank goodness, though a little bouncy perhaps. We arrived early and the staff were very very accomodating about holding our bags. The Fairway Market across the street is more than a neat little market - it's like a Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and international bazaar in one. I would have loved having it around when I lived in NYC and noticed many people taking cabs out of there with multiple bags. You could cook your own gourmet meals in the room with that kind of place so close, but why when there are so many wonderful and reasonable places to eat nearby (choices choices). We ate at San Luigi, an Italian place at 311 Amsterdam just one block over offering homemade pasta, very good bread, and other highly authentic Italian home cooking - pasta dishes for under $20, meat and fish for under $30. Excellent wine. Did I mention there's a Starbucks on the corner? Sit in the window for some really good people-watching. As for Hotel Beacon, I'd stay there again in a heartbeat and there's no other place you need on the West Side unless you MUST have 5 star.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>aragornReading
<Content>Great Hotel not so good location Just returned from a five night stay at the Hotel Beacon. The room was great, very spacious and having the kitchen was great........just nice to have a cup of tea in the morning. The hotel was ok, the corridors could do with a refurbishment and the lifts were very very slow. The only downside was the location. It was great for Central Park but it was too far out really for anywhere else..unless you use the subway or get a cab its a very long walk to Times Square etc. The market across the road was great, best time to go seemed to be quite late in the evening as we went in there the first evening around 6pm and it was very very busy. I would stay at the hotel again but would prefer a hotel nearer Times Square/Empire State Building.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>calitraveler82
<Content>Beacon a great value and a great location This hotel is great for a family! We stayed during Spring Break with our two sons (11 and 12). The room decor is a bit dated and the beds are a bit too hard - but overall it is a great hotel. The subway stop is only 1 1/2 blocks away. The Fairway Market is great NYC experience and it right across the street. The diner next store (Viand) has good food. Central Park is a few blocks away. The location is great, it is in a safe area and the price is right. We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Steve007Uk
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at The Beacon We spent ten days at the Beacon and found it to be very clean, well furnished and equipped, particularly the small kitchenette which made it easy to make full use of the wide and good quality food available at the Fairway shop across the road. Very good maid service, reception staff welcoming but concierge service a bit hit and miss. Lifts were only a minor inconvenience and caused only minimum delays. Hotel was ideally suited to our plans, less than 200 yards from subway and only two blocks away from Central Park. Had several meals in Viand restaurant next door to hotel, quality and quantity were excellent and very good value for money.Would not hesitate in staying at Beacon if returning to visit New York.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NolaCooke2162
<Content>Good value at the Beacon My husband and I just spent 10 nights at the Beacon, in the Upper West side of NYC. We loved the location and enjoyed our stay, despite a few hiccups here and there. Like other people, we had occasional trouble with the elevators; and the toilet blocked twice in the first 3 days, the first time at midnight on the night of our late arrival, after a 30 hour trip, so that wasn't fun. Each time we reported it, however, the staff responded with exemplary speed and efficiency. Finally I just closed the tap slightly so the bowl did not fill up quickly and the problem disappeared.We chose the Beacon because of its general location and because we could self-cater when we wanted. (Be warned, however, that the extractor fan is connected to the stove top, so if you are making toast it does not come on, and the smoke alarm is pretty sensitive! We were caught twice, and that was once too often!) It was great to be able to shop at the wonderful Fairway market directly across the road, especially at 10.00pm on the Sunday night of our arrival. It was even better to eat in the upstairs Steakhouse Cafe, whose $29 three course meal was wonderful, good food and great value. We found the beds pretty comfortable and the decor subdued but restful. The size of the room was a great plus, as was the comfortable furniture in it. All in all, the Beacon delivered everything I expected from tripadvisor comments, and we would certainly recommend it, as well as stay there again ourselves.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jilll
<Content>Great Hotel for its price We have just had four nights at the Beacon from March 21st to 25th. I thought for the price we paid we got a good deal (439.00) for four nights for the two of us. We had no probs checking in, got a non smoking room as requested on the 23rd floor. No noise at all any night and the kitchenette with microwave, two cooking rings, full size fridge, kettle, toaster and coffee maker all provided, as was the actual tea and coffee. They even provide a bottle of washing up liquid. Its not the Ritz, but you get what you pay for. The room was large. 2 double beds, sheets changed every day, TV, table dining chairs, and lounge chair. Bathroom was spotless, as were the rooms. It does look a little dated, but the hotel is quite old, and is always full all year round. They are having an upgrade on the elevators and there are signs posted so that you can go round the back of elevators and use the service lifts. We seemed to be the only people who did this and never had to wait more than two minutes for elevator, yet people were complaining at the front desk about it. Its a stones throw from the subway, which was very handy, and its good to get away from the noise of the sirens and hustle and bustle of Times Square. This part of town is very handy to get to Central Park (2 blocks away) and especially for my hubby who is a life long Beatles fan and wished to visit John Lennons Memorial (which we had to do every day). If you want to pay top dollar you can do, but I would deffo stay at the Beacon again. At just over 拢50 each per night I think it was well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>profpsg
<Content>The Beacon is OK My wife and I, and a Japanese colleague, booked two rooms at the Beacon during a terrible bout of subzero cold and snow in the first week of March. This made the in-room kitchenette very convenient, since the Fairway market is just across the street. The heat worked well, too.As other reviewers have said, it is a bit run down and the desk is not all that helpful. But, for the rate, the location, and the price, it works well.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waw
<Content>Too Noisy and Draughty and the AC sounds like a LORRY Dont accept any rooms overlooking the main street.The windows are big, draughty and you can hear everythingon the street below from 20 floors up??Cold rooms in March 07 and when you switch on the ACyou cant sleep with the noise.Also found the bed clothes too smallfor the bed size.I had to get ear plugs which I never wear.Overall the only plus point is good location and helpful concierge.Everything else make me say give this place a miss  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>OTR-WithTheKids
<Content>This Beacon Doesn't Shine Some problems with the stay that really bring this score down:- NO Parking, no recommendations, no help. Wound up parking at the nearest garage at $50 per day.- Pulled up and had to get a luggage cart myself, unload luggage, get it in the building, up the elevator (more on that later) and to the room, get the cart back down and get the car moved from the temp parking out front.- Absolutely no help from staff. The desk told me to move my car quickly at check-in, or it would be ticketed. There is no bellman, the concierge is a joke and you have to pay $5 per half hour for the internet.- Only two elevators were in service, so getting up from the lobby wasn't bad, but by the second day of our stay, we quit trying to wait to go down and just walked the 16 flights with the kids and stroller.- The rooms were fine, if a little on the stale side.- The Upper West Side location is convenient.I would not stay at this hotel again.I would recommend it for school trips and the like.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>sheshistory
<Content>Problematic Visit to Hotel Beacon I stayed at Hotel Beacon in March during a visit to New York City.The first problem was the parking. While this might not have necessarily been the hotel's fault, since I was driving in from the airport, I wanted to make arrangements. I was told by two different associates at the hotel that nearby parking was available. When I found the parking garage and others by it, they were filled so I ended up driving around for an hour for a spot on the street.Check in was prompt and friendly. I went up to my room having ordered the wireless internet access for $9.95 per 24 hours. First the television did not work so they sent someone up to fix it. The television was very temperamental so once the man got it working, it went out again. Then again. Well, I didn't come to watch television, so I dealt with it. Then I tried to sign on to the internet, which did not work either. Luckily, I called the internet help desk and the problem was corrected in short order.Sleeping was an issue here. The first night, since the televisions are set against the headboards of the next room, I heard my neighbor watching television until 4 AM. It wasn't a sound sleep. The next night there was an outrageous set of people in the rooms surrounding mine that were screaming and slamming doors until 6 AM. The hotel management did nothing. The hotel lobby is very nice however the rooms are a bit worn, with peeling wallpaper and worn carpet but overall, were clean and the bathroom was quite nice and well stocked. The room had a kitchenette with a coffee maker, refridgerator, and sink, which was nice. The best part of this hotel is the location - this isn't in the middle of Times Square but in a great neighborhood with cute restaurants, stores, and entertainment within a few steps. There was even a grocery store right across the street, which was wonderful. The hotel is right near Central Park and other points of interest.Overall, Hotel Beacon is a fairly good value for New York City and is in a great location. However, if you want a quiet and sound night's sleep, this might not be the place for you.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>bonniebann
<Content>Beacon has its ups and downs Booked a one bedroom suite at the Beacon  it was a good base for us. It is located in a residential area near to the subway which was really handy. The rooms were a good size but the decor  carpets are dated  we had a resident cockroach who we were starting to become on friendly terms with. We had a high floor (23rd)  had views over Central Park which were brill. The kitchen area was handy  we had some great breakfasts courtesy of the Delis across the road from the Hotel. Overall the desk staff were good but we did come across one Assistant Manager who had a real attitude problem  was abrupt  rude pretty much to everyone. He was clearly in the wrong job. Re the lifts......we did have to wait a while at peak times but it wasn't too bad. Overall the Beacon was a reasonable place to stay so don't worry about booking it. If you want something more luxurious  can't live with the dated decor then its not for you.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>nini72
<Content>beautiful beacon my family and i ( hub and 2 kids) just spent a week in this beautiful hotel. we stayed in a one bedroom suite which was huge, 2 double beds in bedroom and large very comfy sofa bed in sitting room. there is a tv in both rooms and a small yet very well equipped kitchen. the rooms were large and airy with good heating which was need cos NY is very cold at that time of year! the bathroom was great had everything we needed including fresh towels daily. the staff were very friendly and helpful especially the maids who always had a smile and a greeting for us when they came to clean room. across road from hotel is a great supermarket called Fairways which is ideal for evening munchies and even better is a fantastic restaurant next door called Viands which has the best food at very reasonable prices( meal for 4 inc starters and desserts and minerals $62 ). i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone esp parents bringing their kids. i look forward to going back very soon.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lammy1952
<Content>Nice stay at Beacon Room was very quiet, no street noise. Well situated for subway, and as three women in New York we felt very safe in the hotel and locality. Hotel reception very helpful, booked shuttle for return journey to airport.Minor inconvenience that the bathroom towels were provided for two people not three, but was sorted immediately and fine for the remainder of our stay. Request for additional blanket was also satisfied immediately. Diner next door to hotel where food was very good, and other local eating establishments. Convenient for Central Park and other tourist attractions  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>PigsFly
<Content>A good value for the value-oriented traveler I've stayed here maybe a half dozen times over the years and find it to be a good value for the value oriented traveler. If you are a high-end traveler who likes to be spoiled, this might not be for you. If you are a backpacker who wants to travel on the cheap, this probably isn't for you. But if you like a comfortable, safe, well located hotel, quiet and conveniently located with few amenities, this is it. We had a double double this time -- essentially a suite -- with a small kitchen, living area and two double beds. It was clean, well kept, and affordable. Most of all it is quiet. The elevators are a bit dicey (we were offered use of a service elevator) and there's no restaurant (a lunch place is next door), but it came in about $100-200 less than its counterparts. We found the staff to be more than accommodating and best of all, it's a stone's throw from the 72nd St Subway and CPW. We zipped all around, slept well, and general felt cared for. I recommend it for the mid-price traveler who likes convenience, safety, and a modicum of comfort.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luna99
<Content>Thought it was pretty nice and would stay again. I should have written this a long time ago... let's see if my memory serves me well.. here we go!My sister came to visit me in central new york during may of 2006 so my fiance and I naturally wanted to take her to NYC, she had never been. We decided on the Beacon because we got a broadway show and hotel package and it was a pretty good deal. Check in I remember was pretty easy and I thought the rooms were decent sizes.. we had two beds and my fiance and I had to share one which was a little crowded but we didn't mind. I do remember the beds not being all that comfortable and the room does look a little dated as far as the decor goes..but it was clean and had enough room for the three of us. I do remember really liking the bathroom (I'm super picky about bathrooms). It was small but clean and looked like it had been updated and had new applicances in there. There was also a small kitchen type area that we didn't use but would have been great if we decided to.What I love most about this place is the location! There is so much great stuff really close by.. the market across the street (where my fiance went one night to get snacks for us)... the cafe on the corner.. we ate breakfast there the morning we had to leave and really enjoyed it. Central park isn't far.. there is a lush store ([--] - bath products) nearby which really made me happy ..and the walk to the subway isn't bad either.I really like this part of town because it felt like families lived there... and riverside park is close by.. we walked there one early morning and saw a lot of people walking their dogs or jogging. Early mornings in NYC are soooo nice.This is only my third time to go to NYC, but the first time I stayed in a swanky place in time square which of course was great and the second time we stayed in a youth hostel which was ok too... I feel like the beacon is somewhere in between. If you can get past the old decor of the room... you're set.I even asked the concierge once about where a good place for pizza would be and he directed me somewhere and was super friendly and nice.I'd stay here again for sure. Hope this review helps!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Guardami
<Content>Never again! This is my second time in close to 10 years at this hotel and it has not improved with time. It was awful back then and if possible it has got worse! The staff are rude and incompetent, the rooms are terribly dated and the lifts do not work. Try having to walk down 11 flights of stairs everyday after waiting 10 minutes for lifts (both guest and service) that never arrive. I am a travel agent and I would never recommend this property to my clients - be warned!!! Oh and FYI - avoid the cafe next door if you can as they give the Beacon staff a run for their money in the rudeness stakes!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>phillic
<Content>Great New Year We spent New Year, Dec 29th 2006 until Jan 4th 2007, in New York at the Beacon Hotel. We had a wonderful time.The Beacon is ideal, the decor may be a bit dated but our room 1912 was a geat size for three of us. We also felt very at home there. Housekeeping was wonderful, rooms are kept very clean.The kitchen is an added bonus, handy for a tea or coffee although we used Starbucks on the corner a lot.Great location as everyone else has mentioned. We didn't really interact with the staff as we were out most of the time but they were pleasant enough.We paid $240 per night which I thought was reasonable.We would definately go back to the Beacon.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Daoda
<Content>Good size for the money The only real advantage to this hotel is the size of the rooms for the price you pay. Otherwise it leaves a lot to be desired. Forget about finding a bellman to help you with your luggage. Beds were hard as a rock and pillows were styrofoam. Location is good for someone going to Lincoln Center, and with a Starbucks, Fairway Market, and Citarella across the street, having the kitchenette is a real plus. Mixed bag, then. If I find a decent rate at a better hotel, I'd certainly take it over this.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>summitsw
<Content>Nice Hotel We'd stayed at the Beacon before back in 98 and so chose it again for that reason. It's a nice hotel in a great location, we walked from Times Square every day. There's a market across the street, and the restaurant next door delivers free of charge and has good food at good prices.We had a one bedroom suite and the kitchenette was great. Also good having a tv in the bedroom and lounge room as it made it easier for everyone to watch what they wanted. Bathroom was tiny, but clean and extra towels etc provided quickly when we asked. The bedroom and lounge rooms were big and lots of closet space. The rooms are a bit dated though.The staff were friendly, although I agree with other reviews about the hotel staff refusing to get you a cab, although we didn't have any trouble hailing one when we needed it. There's internet available downstairs. The elevators were out of commission a few times during our stay due to new ones being installed. The only downside was the noise. I saw someone say they were on the 15th floor above Fairways (the market) and couldn't hear anything, well we were on the 20th floor above Fairways and the traffic noise was ridiculous. I had to resort to earplugs to get any sleep and seriously considered asking to be moved to a different room but couldn't be bothered. All in all though I'd stay there again if I was in NY.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ann99bray
<Content>Disappointing, needs overhaul We stayed at the Hotel Beacon for 3 nights the middle of December. I had a hard time getting a hotel for a reasonable price and settled on the Beacon after reading the reviews on this site. We were definitely disappointed. The first room we were put in was a small, shabby room that was a smoking room. I asked to be moved because of the smoky smell in the room. The management agreed to move us, but pointed out that they could not gaurantee a non-smoking room. The second room was somewhat better and had more room. On the plus side, housekeeping was very good and the towels were very clean and soft. The hotel is close to a subway, some decent diners and a wonderful market and deli across the street. We did take cabs a lot and hailed our own cab. The conceirge booked a shuttle to the airport for us when we were leaving. We used the fridge in the room and also the tea kettle. I would stay here again mainly because it was the most reasonably priced hotel that I could find in a decent area. It is definitely better than staying in mid-town which is so crowded and expensive. I would also think it might be a good choice for families.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kprawl
<Content>A great choice for NYC! We stayed at the Beacon after doing thorough research on tripadvisor and other sites. Being that it's a one star hotel, I expected it to be decent for the value but not much more.We were wrong! We ended up loving the Beacon and have found our place to stay when we're in New York. The one bedroom suite was huge, had a kitchenette, was very clean. As you've heard from others, the neighborhood could not be better. The Upper West side has a great NY feel--visiting Times Square was a lot of fun, but I wouldn't want to be plopped right in the middle of it in a cramped and overpriced hotel room.Some other plusses--the Starbucks right next door, the great market across the street (that incidentally all you lymies like my husband had tons of English stuff including every English candy bar you could want!), was a five minute walk to the subway, and a ten minute walk to Central Park. My husband's a runner and ran every day there. The hotel was much nicer than I expected. I'd say that unless you're a high maintenance traveler with expectations of people waiting on you hand and foot like in a chain hotel or the more expensive variety, you'll like it. No they didn't call a cab for us (we didn't ask). It's on Broadway for God's sake, it takes like 30 seconds to hail a cab to take you to the airport! Yes, we carried our luggage up, no there isn't room service (although a restaurant delivers there that we didn't use) You get the gist--it's a one star hotel so it isn't going to be perfect. The staff however was fine, no complaints whatsoever. Anyway, bottom line is that for the value, it was a great experience. By the time we left it felt like our little home away from home. We're going back in May with family and after this test run, we will always recommend the Beacon.By the way, price out a one bedroom vs. a standard room--it wasn't much more and was so nice to have a separate living area. Also, they'll give you a few bucks off for a AAA discount.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Frbill92
<Content>Quite a Disappointment I just returned from a two night stay at Hotel Beacon because I had tickets to the Metropolitan Opera. Apart from its location to Lincoln Center, the Hotel Beacon has little to offer. Compared to other hotels that are closer to Times Square, the Hotel is high priced and run down. The room that I had was lack-luster and rather dingy for the $250 price. The cost was about $70 more than it was for the Hotel Belvedere where I stayed two months earlier, and the room was not nearly as attractive. My biggest complaint was the front desk service. When I went down and checked out of the hotel and asked them to get me a cab to the airport, they said they couldn't do that and I had to find one on my own. In my last three stays in New York during the past year every hotel was courteous enough to get me a cab. The Hotel Beacon's excuse was that they couldn't call a cab in New York and that guests had to hail them. Funny how every other hotel was able to call the Yellow Cab company and get one--except for the Hotel Beacon. On may next visit to New York, the Hotel Beacon will be at the bottom of the list for places to stay. I'd rather walk a few extra blocks for better and more courteous service.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Sword1
<Content>Perfect Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Beacon from Nov 29th to Dec 3rd 2006 for our 4 night trip from Dublin, Ireland. We chose this having read many reviews from other Trip Advisor reviewers of various hotels. I have to say from the outset that we loved the location and the hotel itself and we were very impressed with the rooms (1 Bed Suite with Sitting Room  Kitchenette). They were huge and very clean. The bed-room included a walk in closet as did the hallway - very handy for stashing cases as well as clothes. The kitchenette is a nice feature although we didn't really use it much but the fridge is handy for storing water etc. Decor is a little dated being a bit flowery  patterned but unless you're a complete fusspot this is not a major concern. Rooms were cleaned daily and USA Today delivered to door every morning. Location is excellent with the fairways market across the road for any necessities and the Manhattan diner 2 blocks north for breakfast and a Sarbucks virtually next door if you need it . The Beacon is also very close to the many restaurants etc on Columbus AvePrevious reporters here mentioned noise at night but we were on the 15th floor overlooking fairways and can tell you that we heard nothing! The hotel itself doesn't have a bar or restaurant but that's not a concern for us as we never eat where we'er staying anyway. We prefer to get out and eat with the locals. The Beacon is just 3 blocks (3 mins) from 72nd St Subway which is served by the 1,2  3 lines. It's 2 stops to Columbus Circle and 4 stops from Times Square with Macy's on 34th St one stop further down the line at Penn Station. Too Handy! The same subway will also take you right down to lower manhattan and Ground Zero. All in all a great place to stay and would recommend it to anybody. Not necessarily a honeymoon spot but great for every other reason to visit NY. Big thumbs up and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>SumoIreland
<Content>Beacon Hotel - Ideal The Beacon Hotel is fine, rooms are large and clean. We stayed for 5 nights and the hotel was ideally located, close to Central Park and a short walk from 72nd Street Subway. Staff were friendly and efficient. Definitely recommend this hotel. Bear in mind though, there are no facilities in Hotel (no bar/restaurant) however, just next door is the excellent Viand diner/restaurant serving excellent coffee/breakfast/lunch and dinner - trust me - the eggs benedict for breakfast is just the best!! Across the road, the Fairways market serves everything and is open all night so you won't want for anything. Have no hesitation in booking this hotel. It isn't luxury by any stretch of the imagination, but it does the job perfectly.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rprice
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       our hotel room  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Culture_Lover
<Content>Good location, spacious, comfortable This hotel was ideal for our needs on this trip. It is a reasonable walk from Lincoln Center, convenient to a good subway line (with direct connection to Penn Station), and surrounded by a residential neighborhood, so area restaurants have to stand or fall based on return business rather than a convenient location for tourists. The kitchenette, while very small, had a stove, oven, toaster, coffeemaker, and refrigerator, and a basic set of dishes and cookware (probably a microwave too, but we didn't use one so I don't remember), and there is a very extensive grocery store right across the street, so it is quite feasible to make your own simple breakfasts and pack lunches if you want to ease the financial stress of doing things in Manhattan. (The hotel is an excellent deal compared with others in Manhattan, but it's still well over $200/night). The restaurant connected with the hotel is not fancy but quite good. A few tips: the fitness center was closed for renovation when we were there in late November of 2006. Wireless internet is available for $10/day; there's also an internet center on the second floor that we didn't use but I believe is free to guests who sign up to use it at the front desk. The bathroom is not large and has a tile floor that can be cold, so I wished I had packed a pair of slippers. The concierge can arrange for Super-shuttle service to the airports for about $20/person. I did this and it worked out well, although it is a good idea to leave extra time for the shuttle to get through Manhattan traffic to pick up people at other hotels.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>weaverville
<Content>Loved the location - wished the bathroom was bigger! We stayed here w/ our 2 teen girls. I wish I'd realized that the bathroom was so tiny and off our bedroom and not off the living area but otherwise it was a great location and I enjoyed being on this side of town. Some of the staff were very helpful and others were a bit abrupt/rude but the facility was clean and well-cared for.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Monroe1953
<Content>Hotel Beacon was great! I had researched the Hotel Beacon on Tripadvisor and it certainly lived up to me expectations. My daughter and I stayed for 4 days at the beginning of November. Our room was a good size, clean, with fresh towels every day and basically everything we needed for our stay. The staff were helpful without being too intrusive and the concierge Jason organised a shuttle bus for our return to the airport and gave us any help or information we needed with a lovely smile. The subway was only a 2 minute walk away and five minutes on the subway took us right into the centre of Times Square. We found a lovely place called Gigi's for breakfast near the subway stop on 72nd street and felt extremely safe in the area around the hotel. We are hoping to return to NYC as soon as possible and will definitely be staying at the Hotel Beacon again and again and would also recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Brydeb
<Content>Great place to stay The Hotel Beacon is a great place to stay in New York, walking distance to Central Park and the subway was only a few metres away. The supermarket across the road is really handy too. The rooms are quite comfortable and spacious.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>zippy991
<Content>just the ticket               
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>gfmk23
<Content>Beacon Everything about this hotel was lovely, clean rooms and friendly staff. The only drawback was that there is no restsurant in the hotel itself. There is however a diner next door which serves lovely food and delivers up to your hotel room for free.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NorskefromMN
<Content>A Fine Choice After reading several positive reviews of the Hotel Beacon my family and I rented a room for 3 nights this fall. We enjoyed the Upper West setting with the easy access to Central Park. Although it was a bit noisy at night (we had a room facing the street) our overall experience was just fine. The staff are friendly and helpful. Although their prices are high ($250 per night), for NYC this was a bargain compared to other options we found. I would recommend this hotel to others and return to stay there myself.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anfield
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We have just returned from 5 days in New York and stayed at the Beacon Hotel. I had read some reviews before booking that weren't too favourable so was quite nervous about our stay there, but I have to say it was a fantastic hotel for the price.The room was huge with 2 double beds and a walk in closet. The kitchenett was great with a new fridge and microwave and everything you could need. The bathroom was lovely and had everything we needed. The room was really clean and made up every day. We over looked the Fairway Market and on our arrival on the Friday evening we could look out of our window across the street and see a ballet class taking place in the dance studio opposite.We were on the 12 floor and didn't find it too noisy at all. We were able to sleep with the windows open without being disturbed by the road noise.The subway is a 2 minute walk up the road. The Dakota Buildings and Strawberry Fields in Central park a 10 minute walk away. Time Square is a 25 minute walk away. There are some great shops near by and great places to eat and drink. The people are so friendly. When ever we got our map out people would stop to offer help.We will definately be returning to the Beacon Hotel for our next stay in New York and I thouroughly recommend it.Claire  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>freddietriffid
<Content>Wasn't as good as previous reviews I booked this hotel on reading previous reviews and found some problems during my stay. First the good points I agree from previous reviews.Nice neighbourhood location, good size two roomed suite with kitchenette, close to subway about 3 stops to Times Square, Fairway market across street always open for anything !Hotel cost was far cheaper than Times Square hotels.Bad Points.No help with bags on arrival at hotel. We watched a number of elderly people arrive , as we did,and struggle inside with their bags while staff watched. When staff were asked for help you could feel their reluctance. The Concierge had to doulble as a bag man when asked and it was quite obvious it was below him ! Staff on front desk were surly and it certainly wasn't service with a smile.On a two roomed suite I had the bathroom was very small.Even on the 18th floor you could here delivery lorries to Fairway Market all through the night with their reversing beepers.Air conditioning units very noisy.I understand that only half of the rooms have been reconditioned, make sure you request one.No ice machines in hotel - you can buy ice at Fairways.This is just my opinion at the time of my 2 night stay. I was dissapointed as I felt it did not live up to previous reviews.On my next visit I will revert back to my normal Times Square area and pay the difference in price,  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>gaspodette
<Content>comfy and spacious       Hotel Beacon  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>katang
<Content>Great location Selected the Beacon for our 10 night stay after reading reviews on this site and was not disappointed. Our apartment was on the 23rd floor with a great view of the Ansonia Bldg and just across from Fairways. Even though we were quite high up we could still hear the delivery trucks during the nite, so I would recommend earplugs but hey after a long day walking around NY wild horses couldn't keep us awake. Apt very clean and the joy of having a sofa to lounge around on of an evening, drink a beer, watch a movie - a great bonus. Kitchenette very basic,. I would recommend you bring a travel kettle to make tea, as we found it took quite a while to boil the kettle on the electric ring, resorted to heating water in microwave and then transferring to kettle on electric ring. Coffee maker supplied. Microwave a great bonus, as you can get almost anything to eat in Fairways A Sharp knife would be handy as well. Housekeeping was very good. Furniture a bit dated, but really clean. Never had to wait long for the lifts. Conceirge very helpful and laundry on 7th floor great, bringing clean clothes home a real novelty. Would highly recommend the Beacon Hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tom840
<Content>I'll Be Back! A great value for a NY hotel. Outstanding location, close to Central Park and the subway. Located in a nice uptown west side neighborhood with many good restaurants closeby. The kitchenette is a nice feature, and the Fairway Mkt across the street is a total joy, with absolutely everything in the food line. A very nice liquor store is next door.The bathroom was a little small, but adequate. When I return to NY, I will be going straight to this hotel, and will look no further.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Cruzer2
<Content>The Beacon is Best ! We just completed a wonderful four night stay at the Hotel Beacon. Frankly, I was concerned the reviews were too good to be true, but TripAdvisor members proved correct once again.The safe and comfortable Upper West Side residential location is truly perfect. A block from the subway, line one express stops at Times Square within 5-8 minutes - tops. We also took the same line all the way to the Staten Island Ferry at Battery Park. It is easy walking to Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. Tons of cafes, markets, etc., are all right out the door, as well as a Starbucks. We walked the area day and night, and never felt nervous or uneasy. Try Zabars famous gourmet market (turn right outside the door and walk for about four blocks then go across the street) for a truly delectable experience. The Fairway market, as others have said, is directly across the street for all your needs. We had a king room with kitchenette, and found deli/market food better than the cruise ship cuisine we'd just had. You'll find pharmacies, nail salons, and anything you might need very close by this hotel. We even attended the local church, which was lively and packed. The room itself was clean and spacious. We were on the 16th floor with a basic city view - nothing special at all. No complaints there, as that is not a big deal for us. Ammenities within the hotel itself are minimal, but I did read there is a gym attached to it or something now (ground floor) for a $5.00 per use fee. With all the walking and carrying packages, you won't need it ! My only complaint if you will is I could hear the people talking and their TV in the next room. The walls are on the thin side. It wasn't horrendous, but be aware if you are next to loud people or something, it could be a problem. It was not enough to deter us from staying again, however.The double-decker hop on and off city sightseeing buses are an excellent way to get acquainted with New York. Be prepared to stay on two hours plus if you don't hop off. Start early, as they get crowded. We did the 48-hour ticket and it was perfect. You can walk back to sights you want to see, without wasting time reading maps and arguing over directions :) Enjoy !  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TessieWard
<Content>Great Hotel for the money Great location, next door to the Beacon Theatre, and a great little wine shop, so you can get a couple of bottles for the fridge when you arrive.Plenty of fantastic stores and restaurants, the area is fairly affluent so the quality is good. Just along from Ruby Foo's Dim Sum Palace where the food and the staff are terrific. Plenty of 24 hour shops and restaurants too.Everything is cheap at the moment (with the exception of accommodation), due to the strength of the pound.Come out of the hotel and go right, next block you will find Filene's Basement, bit like an inner city outlet shop, great prices on lots of designer stuff, I thought it was better for men than women, still plenty of bargains. The hotel is clean, if a little old fashioned, the staff are friendly and professional, the concierge will organise anything you need or want, including transfers back to the airport.We found the beds a little on the small side, just standard doubles, but comfortable enough.Plenty of shops nearby, but we found out (from the taxi driver on the way back to the airport) that the cheaper prices are in the low number streets, below 22nd Street, Canal St for fakes and cheap tourist souvenirs, too late for us but next time. We paid $20 each for the Central Line tour along the Hudson to the Statue of Liberty, not worth it, take the Staten Island Ferry instead, it's free.Definitely recommend NYC and the Beacon.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Honey510
<Content>Pleasant hotel, good location Stayed here for 2 days before and 1 day after an eastern USA trek in August 2005.The room was spotless, if a little dated, the reception staff very helpful and the location very convenient for exploring the city.I paid about $70 for the room, but I think this was a special rate negotiated by the trek organiser.The nearest subway station was 2 minutes walk away and Central Park was about 7-10 minutes.The hotel provided free unlimited internet access for guests which was great.My only complaint was the wait for the elevator. Even though my room was on the 13th floor, it was quicker to climb the stairs!! Things might have changed since my visit though.All in all the hotel was good value based on what I paid, and I would consider staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>himinhdu
<Content>Had a great city break in NY - the Beacon was great! We stayed at the Beacon for our 5-night break to NYC. This was our first time to NYC.We booked the flights and accommodation separately, via virgin Atlantic and Virgin Holidays. We had a 2-room suite (bedroom and Lounge) with good size kitchen for about 拢140 per night - this includes 10% flight club discount.Our break was fantastic and the Beacon was a great base to start from. We could have saved a few quid if we had opted for just bedroom suite only as we did not really use the lounge, but the lounge would be great for families.We arrived on sat 30th Sept, unpacked and went for a walk to find somewhere to eat. Went to a Greek place called Niko's (out of the lobby, turn right, cross road, 5-10 min walk) great place to eat.The room at the hotel is spacious, clean, the bathroom is fine, good shower, and the kitchenette is handy for food and drink brought from the 'Fairway' supermarket across the road.I have no hesitation in recommending the Beacon.My only whinge was that our room was a little noisy due to a fault with the bedroom window, but after a long day sight seeing and stomping round Manhattan, I could sleep through anything.Time square is about 35 min walk (out of lobby turn left, keep walking down Broadway). We also walked back from the Empire state building, which was about 50 minutes.There are plenty of places to eat around the hotel area. The diner right next door is perfect for breakfast. Our favourite place for dinner was 'Ruby Foo's'. (Out of lobby, turn right, 5 min walk) A fusion of oriental cuisine Japanese and Chinese! Simply delicious!!Niko's as previously mentioned was great, but avoid 'Westside' (out of lobby turn left, 10 minutes on Broadway) unless you like cold lasagne.5 nights is perfect for your first trip to NYC. Here was our schedule that worked perfectly.SAT 6pm: check in, unpack, out to dinner at Niko's - bed.SUN: Museum of natural History (4-5 hours req'd)Walk through central park down to Times Square and explore.Walk back to Upper west side - Dinner at Ruby Foos.MON:Walk to Times sq for sightseeing bus (down town loop).get off at battery park for Statue of liberty, Ellis Island.back to Manhattan, walk to site of world trade centre (visit memorial - very moving).Hop onto sightseeing bus to Rockafella centre. visit 'top of the rock'Walk back to Upper west - dinner at Westside (yuk - never again).TUE:Walk through Central park to Guggenheim museum.Walk back through central park, got subway to 'Bodies' exhibition.Walked to Brooklyn Bridge. Subway back to Times Square to buy show tickets.Walk back to Upper west, brought food to eat at hotel.WED:Walked through central park to the Zoo.Walked down 5th Ave , 2pm 'Mamma Mia' at Broadway.Walked to NY Library, grand central station, Empire state building.Walked back to upper west side (50mins!!) dinner at Ruby Foo's.THUR:Check out - leave luggage at Beacon.Walked to times sq. for sightseeing tour of uptown loop.Back to beacon for transfer to JFK.Flight back to London.In summary, NYC is fantastic, felt very safe, we were lucky with the weather, and the Beacon worked perfectly for us.Enjoy NYC!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>sophisticatedtravelr
<Content>Great location, friendly and clean My parents were coming for a visit and I wanted them near my apt. The Beacon was one of three hotels I considered, and without a doubt the least expensive. I walked in and spoke to someone at the front desk who was so helpful and friendly that I felt good reserving a room there. My father has trouble walking and they have wheelchairs for guests, which I was able to use for their entire stay. The hotel even upgraded my parents to a handicapped room which was a fabulous suite--the size of a one bedroom NY apt., complete with kitchenette and table. Hotel Beacon is right across from Fairway and West Side Market, two of the best places in the neighborhood to food shop. With a kitchenette in each room, you can make a great breakfast or atleast a pot of coffee or tea. It's location right on Broadway and equidistant to two subway stops makes it a perfect place to stay and not be in the middle of midtown craziness. There were many Europeans staying at the Beacon which gave it a nice feel. I think this hotel is the best deal in town. I don't know why it doesn't have a higher star rating.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>noboru
<Content>highly recommanded       The Beacon Hotel  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>JMCJ
<Content>Great location - huge room We stayed at the Hotel Beacon on a weeknight. It was so conveniently located - close to the subway, Central Park and Lincoln Center. We were able to walk or take the subway all over the city. Although we only booked a one bedroom suite, we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite. It was huge, probably larger than many apartments in Manhattan. It had two good sized bedrooms, each with two double beds, a spacious living room, two full bathrooms and a small kitchenette, complete with small refrigerator, microwave, stove and oven. There is a grocery store across the street and many restaurants very close. Starbucks is across the street and parking is extremely close and only $31/night. Although the room looked a little worn (rug, decor, etc.), it was very clean. Hotel staff could not have been more accomodating. They provided us with recommendations for restaurants, subway maps and sold us daily passes for the subway.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jodi06
<Content>Great hotel - great location We stayed at the Hotel Beacon in July. Two adults and 1 4 year old. the hotel is in a greta location on the upper west side, just two blocks from the 72nd street subway station. The room we had was great for us, two double beds, a kitchenette with microwave, fridge, oven, all crokery etc supplied, and cleaned everyday by the room staff. The location was just perfect, the Fairway market across the road had everything we needs from fresh bagels, to pre-cooked meals, there is a chemist just up the road and a great pizza place across the road and up a bit. good shopping in the area and a short walk to central park. One short block towards the park is a small children's playground for when we needed to let the 4 year old run free. The laundry in the hotel is handy, I used it three times during our stay and never had to wait etc. I would definately recommend tthis hotel to families, and travellers who don't want/need to stay right in the heart of Times Square etc.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LFPoolMom
<Content>Your upper west side address We stayed only one night, but it was great! As everyone has already reported, the rooms are generously sized and well-kept. Kitchenette is well-equipped. We stayed in king suite with two young sons (they had the sofabed in LR). The boys enjoyed very much as well. Parking was easy around the corner for $31/day. Subway entrance is in sight 1-1/2 blocks to south. Fairway market across street, La Brea card store for great cards and souvenirs, nice restaurants on Amsterdam, 72nd, CPW. Breakfast at on-site restaurant was good and reasonably priced. Very polite and helpful desk staff and concierge; baggage check (we checked out at 8am but toured city until 4pm). Would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>PattieG
<Content>A gem for families - in a relaxed, friendly neighbourhood Our family of 2 adults and 3 young children stayed at the Beacon September 10 to 17,2006. We last stayed there 2 years ago and were very keen to return. We got a 1 bedroom suite for $260/night plus taxes. The suite we were initially allocated(1808) was at the rear of the building and seemed a lot smaller than our suite in 2004. So we were happily moved the next day to a room with much bigger living and bedroom( though only mini kitchenette) on the 24th floor, overlooking Broadway. I am now convinced a higher floor overlooking Broadway is the way to go! The Beacon is an older building and still accommodates 65 permanent residents. The rooms are very spacious and clean though older and getting a little tired looking. Our suite had 2 large rooms(living and bedroom) with 2 double beds, a fold out sofa, 2 t.v's,nicely renovated though small bathroom with shower over bath, mini fridge with 2 cooktop burners, microwave, toaster,and coffee maker.The view from our room(on the second highest floor) was spectacular- the Hudson River, famous Ansonia Building across the street and views for miles!Housekeeping at the Beacon is excellent and lobby staff are helpful. You can see the 72nd street subway station from the front door and the Fairway market across the street is open 24 hours. There are restaurants and shops everywhere you turn and Central Park is a 10 minute stroll away. The neighbourhood feels safe and friendly with many young families about.There are 2 internet terminals in a tiny room near the lobby. Cost is $5 for 30 minutes. The laundry, generously sized, is on the 7th floor.Loads are $1.75 each.The Beacon really is a wonderful stay for all sorts of travellers and will always be our hotel of choice when visiting New York. Book ahead(directly by phone is best) and secure a room with credit card. No need to pay in advance.Thank you, Beacon, for providing more wonderful memories to bring back Down Under!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>spence3787
<Content>Excellent experience We have stayed at several 2-3 star places on the Upper West Side and would definitely stay here again. Great location with clean, comfortable rooms. Europeans who are used to smaller rooms will be pleasantly surprised.We chose a suite just because we like the extra living space (3 adults in 2 doubles). Never opened the sofa bed so can't comment on that. Furniture in living room a bit worn, sort of like your grandmothers apartment. Great location as others have mentioned with lots of affordable very good restaurants nearby including the adjacent Viand. Staff was very pleasant and responsive to all requests. Plenty of closet space, bathroom clean but small. Full kitchen was nice especially the toaster for all the bagel places nearby Add this place to your list whenever you need a reliable hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hiattfan
<Content>Beacon was excellent Recently spent 7 nights at Beacon on our 1st trip to New York from Scotland.View from our room on 23rd floor at rear of hotel was great.Room was large with two double beds and plenty of space round the beds.Bathroom/Shower was good  the small kitchen alcove with Fridge/Microwave/Coffee maker/kettle  two ring hob was neat  very clean.Room was cleaned daily  fresh supplies of teabags  Coffee were left.As previous visitors have remarked Fairways supermarket which is open 24/7 is amazing with a great range of fruit/vegetables/cheese  all sorts of deli items.Upstairs restaurant is great for breakfast  also does dinner in the evenings.Also Bazars on 79th street is a real NY breakfast experience.Area around hotel is a welcome respite after the congestion of midtown  as other people have said you feel you are with the locals rather than the tourists.There are plenty of bars/restaurants both on Broadway  on the next few streets ie Columbus  Amsterdam Avenues with loads of sidewalk tables. 72nd street Subway is less than 5 minutes away  has lines 1,2  3 all of which go through midtown  one of which takes you right down to Staten Island Ferry terminal.Hotel issues complimentary detailed NY maps to help find your way around.They can also sell you daily  weekly subway passes.Central park is also very near  is great to walk through on your way back to the hotel after a tiring day taking in the sights  sounds of NYFact that Beacon does not have a bar or restaurant is a positive thing as it encouragesyou to try the local bars  restaurants.Bottom line is I would book Beacon again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccpb
<Content>Shining Beacon My family and I stayed at The Beacon in August and found it to be a great place to stay. We thought that the location was ideal, within walking distance of the subway, Central Park, Lincoln Center and, I found, MOMA. If you like strolling, you could easily walk to Times Square from here. The neighborhood was as we wanted New York to be, full of life and not overly priced. Fairway and The Food Emporium meant we were able to eat cheaply and well, as did several of the restaurants within a 5 minute walk. We also enjoyed browsing in the stores close by, especially those with sales on!My wife and I stayed at The Waldorf last year, which was impressive as a building, but The Beacon, we thought, has the edge definitely over being a place to stay and be comfortable. Our two rooms were large, quiet (we were on the 11th and 16th floors, at the back of the hotel), well serviced and comfortable. The desk staff were polite, helpful and friendly at all times.This is the 4th time I have been to New York and The Beacon has to be the best place I have stayed in so far. A definite recommendation!!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JCandJC
<Content>Now We Know Where to Stay in New York The Hotel Beacon is a great find in a great location on the West Side. From there we could walk to museums, and Lincoln Center.For $199, we got a clean, spacious suite overlooking Broadway, which, even though it overlooked a noisy street, the noise was well-suppressed. Having a well-equipped kitchenette was a bonus as we went to Fairway market to get whatever breakfast goods we needed. There are many fine restaurants and bars in this area as well.The check-in was quick and efficient, the rooms were ready even though it was 12:30 PM, and the checkout was also efficient.We'll remember the Beacon. This could be our home away from home.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>princessvixen
<Content>new york new york! I stayed at this hotel after a tour as a way of seeing new york city.staff are freindly,rooms are huge and its close to everything new york has to offer including walking distance to central park!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Indygirl88
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Beacon during the heat-wave in August 2006 with two young children, ages 9 and 6, and my husband. The location to the subway station was great-a short walk. The market across the street allowed us to eat breakfast in the room each day, thus saving money to do the tourist spots. Nice, small kitchenette (microwave, toaster, two-burner stove, coffee maker, dishes and silverware provided by hotel) was great for us. I would recommend buying either napkins or paper towels at the grocery next door. The hotel even provides dish soap and a cloth/towel so you are able to wash your dishes. The room included two double beds, a tv, and a small table with 2 chairs making it just the right size for the four of us. Housekeeping cleaned the room daily and a newspaper was delivered everyday. The staff was very friendly and has a great map of the subway and bus system. I would highly recommend this, especially if you are unfamiliar with the subway lines as this map saved us. The area around the hotel was under a lot of construction and after reading other reviews from this website, I requested a room high-up on a quiet floor. Even though we were on the market side on the 16th floor, the outside noise was still heard but by no means did it keep us awake or wake us up in the early morning. To request this room, I called 2 days before we were scheduled to check-in and the hotel staff had no problem with this request.We would stay here again if we were ever in New York City again. As a side note, I went ahead and purchased tickets for the Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty, Museum of Natural History (including the Rose Center) over the internet before we left on vacation. This was a huge life-saver and time-saver as we did not have to stand in long lines out in the heat!!!! Except for the security line as the Statue of Liberty with the special pass to go up to the pedestal and look up inside the Statue. The special pass is free but can only be obtained through the National Park Service website--it also allows you to walk through a very interesting museum all about the creation of Miss Liberty. All other visitors to the island can only walk around the Statue. A great trip!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>ABBOTS
<Content>Great Place to stay I stayed at the Beacon in early August 2006. The room was a good size with a king sized bed, small kitchnette and bathroom. Good power shower and the towels were changed regularly. The air conditioning was efficient and kept the room at a constant temperature during one of the hottest of New York summers. There was a safe in the room but I used the free safe deposit box at reception. A free newpaper was delivered every morning. Hotel staff were polite and helpful.The diner next door knows that it is serving tourists and there are plenty of cheaper places around to eat according to your tastes and pocket. Do visit the market on the opposite side of the road which is always busy, even at 3am! The hotel is in a good area on the west side of Central Park, a safe place to walk in the evening. The main subway routes into mid town are two minutes away. I'd recommend the metro card which allows you to use the buses as well.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarpl
<Content>excellent: location, comfort, courtesy We stayed there 5 nights, a family of 4 (children 22 17). The small apartment was of a bedroom+livingroom with sofa-bed for two+small kitchen well-equipped. Just opposite to the hotel a large supermarket.Coin washing machine. Clean and the staf helpful.The only thing that will be improvement: if they had free internet. We had to pay each day. The location is very good, close to the subway.I am sure that in our next visit in NY we'll try to make reservation to the Beacon.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Alexis_57
<Content>Fifth Stay at the Beacon       View of the Ansonia from 19th flr  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>sooner79
<Content>Hotel Beacon Although it was during the recent heat wave, our stay at the Beacon was wonderful. We requested, and received, a 20th floor room facing Central Park. The rooms are neat, and the kitchenettes are a great benefit. We went to the Fairway Market to buy breakfast essentials, but actually there is a market further up Broadway about 2 blocks that is a little better in our opinion. Close to the 72nd street subway and in a wonderful area, the Beacon is a great hotel.We will stay there again on our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Jimhelzel
<Content>Excellent hotel---loved the people and room We stayed the last week in July. Checkin was fast and friendly. The double double room was spacious for New York (size of a Red Roof Inn) and the bathroom as marble. The room had a microwave, refgrig and stove along with utensels.The concerage was great, the desk staff always ready to help.The location on the upper west side cant be beat for subway access, restaurants and local residents all around.Super experience at the hotel, and the price was very reasonable compared to other budget level places.Will stay there again!!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Helen_W256
<Content>A regular favourite for us We have stayed at the Beacon more than ten times now and find the location etc just spot on for trips to our fave city. Its close to the Dakota building (for John Lennon fans) and is just a couple of blocks from the Lincoln Centre. There are two large cinemas within easy walking distance and there is a Filenes basement closeby.The rooms are spacious and have their own kitchenettes. There are some good supermarkets opposite so self catering is good. However we haven't bothered much since Viand (24 hr diner)opened up downstairs. Viand serves cheap and good quality food.There is a laundrette on the seventh floor which is handy if you don't want to take dirty clothes home with you!The only down side we have found is that if you go in February/March a large chunk of the hotel is occupied by school groups. I don't know about you but we didn't appreciate hoardes of teenages running riot (British I'm sad to say). To their credit the hotel staff did their best but I would recommend checking if similar groups are booked in when you want to go.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chrisp1946
<Content>ok hotel stayed 5 nights in double then a suite . (2 adults 2 children ) Would suggest a suite offers better value as 2 large rooms for not a lot more than a standard room . Decor ok . Everything worked . Staff ok . Nothing special but reasonbly priced hotel in great position in Upper West side and close to underground station  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rbbrawley
<Content>Our Place Hotel Beacon is located on Broadway between 74th and 75th, Upper West Side, walking distance to Central Park, Museums, etc. It is an older hotel that has been remodeled, marble baths, kitchenettes. It was clean and the A/C worked well. The rooms are spacious, enormous compared with anywhere else we have stayed in NYC. We have stayed in singles, one-bedroom and two-bedroom suites. It is a mostly residential neighborhood and it is very quiet, however there are shops, Sephora, pharmacy, Filene's, etc. Directly across the street is the Citadella Bakery and Fairway Market. The lovely market and the kitchenette work well to have snacks, some meals in the room, good for traveling with children, families. Besides the produce is just wonderful. There is room service through restaurant next door, Viandes. They have a concierge, theatre packages and seasonal special rates. There is no swimming pool, but the trade off for the size of the rooms and other amenities makes it an excellent value. Unless something changes, this is our place.I would rate it between above average and excellent.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Excellent Value with a Great Location My spouse and I rely on Trip Advisor for guidance in selecting hotels when we travel, so we spent many hours reading others' reviews and studying the options before we chose the Beacon Hotel. We've traveled from the West Coast to New York City many times (our son lives in NYC), but, until this trip, we have never been satisfied with the lodging we've chosen.We were very pleased overall with this hotel. We stayed 4 nights and were able to get a daily rate of $180 (plus the taxes, etc.) We hoped to avoid the noisest and most congested parts of Manhattan and wanted to be near the 1 subway line. (I suppose it is 2 1/2 blocks from the hotel to the subway entrance, but it feels like a walk of one block). Other positives of our stay at the Beacon included:1. The location is superb - many others have covered this in their reviews.2. The hotel was very clean.3. The staff was friendly and professional. (This fact bears mentioning, because it is often not the case, in my experience; even in more expensive hotels in New York.)4. Our room was quite large by New York standards. (We had a standard room with 2 double beds and a kitchenette.)5. The room was remarkably quiet and peaceful (more on that below).6. The maid service was excellent. The first day we slept in due to a late arrival and the time change. We didn't leave the room until late afternoon. Nonetheless, the room was cleaned cheerfully at that hour. 7. The kitchenette was adequately equipped and will allow you to have some meals in, if you wish. Fairway Market across the street has great produce (grocery items are overpriced) and it remains open until 1a.m., I think. Other markets are close by.8. We stayed during the heat of mid-summer. The air conditioning in our room was excellent. The room had its own heating/cooling unit. We could easily set the temperature (within one degree) and got nearly instant response. Room units do make a little noise, but it wasn't a problem (and, alas, I'm oversensitive to noise). We knew we would be arriving late so we phoned early that day to request a quiet, non-smoking room, located high up in the hotel. (I also indicated that preference on the online reservation, but experience has taught me that often does no good at all.) The phone call worked: Our request was honored perfectly. We were on the 18th floor at the end of the hall and the entire floor was non-smoking. It was so nice to be able to return to the hotel to a quiet, cool room.The hotel was old, but our room was upgraded substantially. Nice tile in the bathroom; new cupboards in the kitchenette. Yes, the carpet was old and the bedspreads looked as unappetizing as most hotel bedspreads, but we felt very comfortable in this room.Nice folks in the lobby arranged a shuttle for us to Kennedy Airport. (This required cash. We were able to pay for almost everything else - except cabs - by credit card.) For those who don't know, you can travel from Kennedy or LaGuardia (I'm not sure about Newark) TO Manhattan for a fixed cab fee; but the trip BACK to the airport from Manhattan is on the meter if you take a cab.Small problems: 1. Another recent reviewer mentioned the raised marble step into the bathroom. This is not a good situation at all. We placed a stack of cardboard on the floor in front of this to prevent injury. (No joke, I'm sure this has caused broken or painfully bruised toes.)2. The beds were hard; not firm, but hard! This is a problem in lots of hotels (perhaps because this makes the mattresses last longer). I had to strip the bed, double up the bedspread and put it under the mattress pad and bottom sheet. That helped a little but was still not adequate. I realize this will not be a problem for all people. 3. A nitpick, I suppose, but I wish management would allow late check outs. They were inflexible on this; which is ridiculous, because they obviously can not clean all the rooms at the same time. Also, they require you to check out in person in the lobby, without adequate staff. In my experience, most hotels provide some form of express check out (often through the TV's). Instead, we had to wait in a long line to check out. Overall, we were very happy with our stay at the Beacon Hotel and plan to stay there on future visits. After reading all the reviews here I was a bit fearful that the hotel would be a bit run down. We did not feel that was the case at all.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GillianC54
<Content>Overall a splendid place to stay Just back from staying at The Beacon where I had a wonderful stay.Friendly staff and very clean rooms where towels were changed daily.Great little restaurant next door called Viand.Food was wonderful as was the choice and service.Excellent value for New York.One very minor downside is the corridors and room decor etc are looking a bit tired but hey you aren't there for the hotel decor.Overall a splendid place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time me and my wife stayed there for five nights the staff were very freindlythe room was very clean there is a great shop acroose the road were youcan get about anything.the subway was a two minute walk some restarants near byand a couble of good pubs if i was going to new york again i would stay there again  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location - Hotel Beacon is where it's at Spent three days and nights in NYC (6/22 - 6/24) with my wife and three teenage daughters who were all seeing the Big Apple for the very first time. The Hotel Beacon was an excellent launching point for our daily and nightly journeys all over Manhattan.Location is just about fifty yards from one of the main subway stops, 72nd and Broadway, and for seven dollars a day (until 3 am) or twenty four dollars for seven days, you can travel unlimited on the subways. We took the subway everywhere and felt very same at all hours of the day and night.Specifics about the hotel:Great points: LOCATION. Two blocks west of Central Park. Great neighborhood. Fine breakfast/lunch cafe next door, full liquor store/wine shoppe next door the other way and directly across the street from the Fairway, one of the few full service grocery stores in all of Manhattan. Also across the street from a parking garage which is $31 a day with a hotel stamp - otherwise it would be $40 a day. Rooms were bigger than I was expecting for NYC. We did have five people with each of my daughters agreeing to sleep on the floor on a sleeping bag one night each. We never told the hotel we had five people and never received any hassles. Concierge has great map of Manhattan and Subway system that was our bible to the city. We could get anywhere with our map and the subway and a little help from a lot of friendly New Yorkers. Kitchenette was handy. Refrigerated worked great - don't turn it up to the top setting unless you want your Milk and soda to freeze like ours did. One of my daughters used the stove top to cook some rice and we also used the toaster. It's a little hard for me to say the price was GREAT but compared to all the other hotels I researched, it was a bargain. Total Bill for three days including 30 minutes in the internet cafe ($5) and one day of in room high speed internetn service ($10) was $675 - hotel was $210 a night plus four more taxes added in. We found the concierge, front desk, and other staff members very helpful at all times and would not hesitate recommending the Hotel Beacon to anyone elseCouple of small nits - I understand some of the concerns about the A/C. We kept it on High the whole time and were comfortable most of the time and it was in the mid 80's and humid in NYC during our stay. There is a small marble ledge leading up into the bathroom that I absolutely smashed my left foot into one morning. They should have some type of leveling plate on that. We just put a towel over it the rest of our stay so nobody else mashed a toe. Bathroom didn't have a fan and had poor ventilation so no to get too graphic here, we would send people to the 2nd floor public bathrooom if they had any real business to do as the whole room would otherwise smell. This was not a big inconvenience given all of the postives.Summary of our trip, in just 2.5 days we did more than five people humanly should including riding the Staten Island Ferry (it's free) past the Statue of LIberty, going up in the Empire State Building (not worth the cost or time), shopping and eating in Chinatown, visiting Ground Zero, now just called the WTC site, saw both Chicago (fantastic) and The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee (hilarious) on Broadway, ate at a friends deli on Park Avenue, the girls shopped until they dropped at Century 21, H  B, Bloomingdales, Macy's, and all the wholesale shops on Broadway in the Garment District, ate great Pizza at three places, visited Times Square (our kid's favorite place) and sampled the night life in the West Village on Bleeker Street as well as getting crazy at Hogs and Heifers which is supposed to be the place that gave rise to the Coyote Ugly practice of dancing on the bar. Wild, wild place. Thank you everybody who bought us shots (I think) although staying out until 4 am made our ride back to Mississippi the next day a little more challenging.Overall we had a fantastic time and I thank Trip Advisor and all the other people who give their input into helping to make the trip such a success. I don't know what I'd do without Trip Advisor.Bottomline, the Hotel Beacon met all of our expectations and we will most likely return sometime in the future.Steve and Beth SzaboJackson, Mississippi  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fourstar
<Content>O K for a short stay Stayed for a couple of nights in May. The location was fine, rooms a little worn but comfortable. Bathroom small but clean. The staff at reception were OK, but a minimum charge of $5 to use the internet for a few minutes was a bit too much.No breakfast, but next door sold a full breakfast for about $8. Overall quite good  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect NYC base camp if you have a small child My 3 year old's main passion in life is dinosaurs so my wife and I promised we would take him to the Natural History Museum in NYC. He almost turned inside out with excitement when he saw their collection and his mother and I were almost as pleased with the Beacon. It is a perfect home away from home for familties.PROS: - Easy walk from Central Park and the Museum, even for a 3 year old, plus a very nice public playground along the way. Safe, tree-lined streets.  - $220 a night for a suite with a small kitchen. You can put the little one to bed, close the door, and the adults can have a drink or snack, or watch TV without disturbing him. - Fairway Market across the street. You can buy anything there ( I think they are open 24 hr). You can save major money and avoid the hassle of eating in a restaurant with a toddler and prepare all you need in your own kitchen. - I went out to buy a bottle of wine and strolled around the neighborhood a little. As other reviewers have said you do feel like a local. There are newsstands, curbside book vendors (at least on Sunday), and many small shops, bars and restaurants. Many trees, too. - The hotel lobby is clean and inviting, the staff was polite and efficient, we requested wineglasses be brought to the room and they arrived quickly. CONS: - None to speak of, really. Some might find the decor and architecture a bit dated but it is an old building and I found it reminiscent of the classy old days of NYC. Everything was very clean and no bugs, bed or otherwise. - My son had one disapointment, though. We went to the museum first and when we were walking into the hotel later he asked in a loud voice DO THEY HAVE DINOSAURS IN HERE TOO? He now thinks all big buildings in NYC should have dinosaur skeletons in them. The Beacon does not have any dinosaurs but does have everything else you need to relax and explore NYC. Will return.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed at the Beacon Hotel for 6 nights the week before Christmas 2005 on our honeymoon. I was referred to this hotel by a friend who had stayed there 6 times and also the Flight Centre. The photos do not do the hotel justice. It looks quite old in the photos but the room is very spacious and though the furniture is a bit dated, the beds were comfy and everything was clean. This hotel has everything you need. The kitchenette is handy, we had breakfast every morning purchased from across the street at Fairway. 72nd st station was a few metres away (which we missed the first day there!) and that takes you everywhere. The subway is easy to use. We had a weekly metro card which you can top up, with trips anywhere costing something like $2.20/trip. There are also many, many laundrettes around the hotel. There's also a camera shop around the corner where we dumped our photos from our memory card onto CD at. We couldn't find this facility anywhere! The only thing I would strongly recommend is checking out early. We went down 45 mins before and the lobby was packed. This hotel is in a great location. It is easy to walk around the area and to get to other places. Our first day we walked down to Fifth Ave which wasn't too far away. We highly recommend this hotel. Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rufferta
<Content>Would Stay Here Again! We stayed here two days at the end of a nine-day trip to New York in April. I had been unable to get a room at the Beacon for the entire time, so we compromised by splitting our stay between two hotels. I wish I had made reservations earlier so that we could have stayed here the whole time!I was in a funk at first because I had lost my camera somewhere between hotels, but the staff was sympathetic and friendly. The room was very comfortable, and it had a mini-kitchen with basic utensils. It is only a short way to the subway or bus, and there were many interesting restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. You could walk to Central Park!Best of all, there is a wonderful market right across the street that has a large selection of food. In their health food section their granola section was the largest I've ever seen.We were on the eighth or ninth floor, and in the morning I woke up to find sunlight streaming in the window. Seeing this, I suddenly realized that in the previous hotel, where we had also stayed on the eighth or ninth floor, the buildings around us were so high that we never got direct light while we were in the room and we often thought that the day was overcast until we got out to the sidewalk to find that it was actually a clear day. Again, I would like to comment on the friendly staff. When you came into the lobby there was always someone who smiled instead of being annoyed that you were just another tourist. That made a great difference!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good standard accomodation We visited NY for 4 days/nights.The room was clean and well serviced. Very handy to the supermarket, liquor stores and local attractions. We did the 48 hour hop on/ hop off tour. The second day we picked up the tour from opposite the Dakota Hotel about a 10 min walk from the Beacon. The checkin staff were not helpful and I found their attitudes rather rude. I asked for a few basic directions eg which way to Time Sq, how long it would take to get there instead I was handed local map. Eye to eye contact was never made and hardly a word spoken by the concierge. We asked for help booking our return shuttle to the airport and were told it wasn't his job but he did it begrudgingly.The kitchenettes are small, I had to cook 1 breakfast at a time as we only had 1 small frypan. But the laundry facilities were very handy.We didn't let it affect our time in NY, the negitive was outweighed by the positive. If you are looking for A1 service don't stay here.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel_when?
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I have read many reviews trying to find a good hotel and this did live up to the comments. We stayed at the Beacon the week after Easter and found it very comfortable for a family of 4. The room we had had two full beds in one room and a sleeper sofa in the other. The kitchennette was a saver. Wtih the Fairway across the street we were able to save money by eating breakfast in our room and packed munchies as we explored the city. The location is very convienent with a subway station just a block and a half away. You can get to any part of the city very easily. We did not feel uncomfotable walking around at night in the neighborhood or riding the subway at night. There are plenty of resaurants to choose from in the area and most of them were family friendly. A woderful restaurant we tried was Josies on Amsterdam. The park and the Natural History museum are within walikng distance. The area is completely different taht being in Times Square. It was nice to be able to walk around the neighborhood and not be crammed on the sidewalk or worrying about losing the kids in a crowd. We would recommend the Beacon Hotel to anyone and we plan on going back to this hotel the next time we go the New York.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>umcl
<Content>Depressing Decor, Great Location. In my opinion, the only thing the Beacon Hotel has going for it is it's excellent location and friendly staff. The Hotel itself is in desperate need of a facelift. The rooms are antiquated and are painted a disturbingly gloomy shade of pink. The air conditioning system belongs in the National HIstory Museum and the bathrooms are uncomfortably small. To best conjure the perfect image, think dodgy seaside BB in a backwash town circa 1970's and you have the Beacon interior. Do not expect 'any' of the usual perks and luxury you would usually expect from such a costly hotel. Although shabby, the rooms are clean and a newspaper is delivered, roughly every second day, however that is the extent of it. On the upside, the Beacon Hotel is situated beside Filene's Basement Department Store and adjacent to 72nd Subway station. I urge you to utilize the subway, great efforts have been made to make it safe. My mother is in her 70's and is happy to use it alone (during daylight hours). The Hotel receptionist will furnish you with a good map free of charge.In real terms, it's hard to get great accomodation in NY unless you are willing to bend your platinum card, however, it is really not good enough to pretend that this hotel is acceptable under modern day value for money standards. Rather, consider it the best of a bad bunch within the room rate bracket.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wsflyer
<Content>Beacon is the best! My family and I stayed in a standard room on the 5th floor facing the Fairway market. The other reviewers are correct--bring your earplugs--the delivery trucks begin coming at 3am every morning. With earplugs, it's no problem. The good news is that the Beacon is just wonderful! The 72nd street express subway station is only 2 1/2 short blocks away. In one stop, you can be at Times Square. The area around the Beacon is easy to explore by foot. There are actually signs warning drivers not to honk their horns, and it works! The area feels like a neighborhood (unlike Times Square and Midtown). The American Museum of Natural History is an easy walk; and the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a slightly longer, but enjoyable, walk to the east side of Central Park. In the standard room, the kitchenette consists of a half-sized refrigerator, a two-burner stovetop (with teakettle), a sink, toaster, and a microwave. We ate HH bagels every morning in our room (just 5 blocks up Broadway for some of the best bagels), and we ate dinner in our room. We saved a lot of money eating in, and it was easier for our kids to relax at the end of the day in the room rather than having to behave at a restaurant. There are also some wonderful-looking restaurants in the neighborhood. We feel that the Beacon was a perfect place from which to explore the city.I can't figure out why the site lists the Beacon as a one-star hotel. It seems worthy of at least 3 stars.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed It at the Beacon When we first arrived we though we were out on a limb as we had previously stayed at Times Square, but after finding our bearings we appreciated staying a little out from the hustle and bustle, being able to have the choice to walk through Central park, on Broadway and catch the many sights of New York or catch the very handy Subway to anywhere in Manhattan.The rooms were clean and very comfy beds, although they were perhaps in need of a little decoration, but by no means let this put you off.The consierges were very helpful, with maps available of Manhattan and they were only too happy to answer any questions and also booked our helicopter ride with Liberty Helicopters, which saved us any headache.There was a very handy supermarket straight across the street and a wine merchants on the corner which was very handy! The fridge was a god send especially with having two children travelling with us and obviously to chill wine.There are numerous restaurants nearby to suit the majority of tastes.ENJOY!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Cuddlydodo
<Content>Thumbs up for the Beacon Stayed at the Beacon for 5 nights over Easter. We were in a 1 bedroom suite on the 4th floor. Niggles first - if you are at the front of the hotel, there is early morning noise from the deliveries to the (wonderful) Fairway market, so bring your earplugs. The room safe was broken, and I spotted some crumbs on the floor at the side of the cooker. However, using the hotel safe was easy and free, and the suite was otherwise very clean, if in need of redecoration. I would be more than happy to stay here again.The hotel is in a great situation, very handy for the subway, and for Central Park. We mostly ate breakfast in the room, but were pleased with breakfast at the diner downstairs, where we also had a decent evning meal.If you get chance in amongst the more obvious sightseeing, the Tenement Museum on the Lower East Side is a gem for a bit of social history.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spacious apartment hotel in great location We had a one bedroom apartment on the 5th floor for a 7 day stay over Easter.The apartment was spacious especially by NYC standards,with two double beds in the bedroom and a living room with a kitchenette at the end.(Good sized fridge).The marble bathroom was small but perfectly adequate.The coin operated laundry on the 7th floor with six washing machines and six tumble dryers was a very useful amenity.Decor a bit dated, but beds and sofabed comfortable.The staff are friendly and the Concierge supplied us with maps, booked our helicopter flight and offered useful advice about how to get to Yankee stadium etc.The location is great,opposite Fairways(food market to rival any)close to 72nd street subway,express stop,easy walk to Central Park and Riverside Park.Apartment cleaned and sheets changed every day.All the benefits of a hotel, but no guilty feelings when you take in your own food and drink.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Apeks
<Content>Good hotel for the price Stayed at the hotel Beacon 5 nights in April.The lobby of the hotel is very nice, and give a very good first impression.The elevators are old and tired ( also some spooky sounds from them sometimes ), and both corridors and rooms are a bit old and tired.The rooms are anyway clean and spacious with a fair bathroom. There is a fridge in the room, and also a small oven where you can cook your own meal, and a coffee machine. Very nice.Location is very good, close to underground number 72.There is a supermarked named Fairway just across the street, which will serve you with all your needs 24 hours. Frontdesk and tour desk was professional and ok, but nothing special.All in all this is good value for the low price.Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ate22
<Content>Excellent - highly reccomended We have just returned from 3 nights at the Beacon. The hotel is very clean, in a great location (close by to many restaurants that are reasonably priced, grocery stores, museums, subway etc..) The staff were very friendly and very keen to please. We have stayed in other more expensive hotels in NY which had much smaller rooms with no kitchentte, and without a doubt, the Beacon is fantastic value for money - with little compromise on quality or service.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Even better than expected We have just arrived home after spending 5 nights at the excellent Beacon Hotel. We had booked following recommendations read here and were not disappointed, in fact it was even better than we had expected. Our room was spotlessly clean, comfortable and well equipped, the kitchenette was an added bonus. We had great views from the 24th floor toward the Hudson River (spectacular sunsets!)and we found the location of the hotel excellent, a short walk to Central Park or the subway which takes you directly to Times Square. The Fairway Market just opposite was amazing, even for someone who hates shopping, vegetarians are well catered for there so no problem finding my veggie bits and bobs. Absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone wanting value for money and good quality accommodation. We are definitely going back!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kebabs
<Content>A shining light We have just arrived home today after 6 wonderful nights spent at the Beacon. We chose it after reading hundreds of hotel reviews on this site, and we were not disappointed. In fact we were thrilled with the size, quality and cleanliness of the rooms, the courtesy of the staff, and the location. It's on the M104 bus route to midtown /Times Square area and 2 mins walk to 72nd St subway station which is on the 1,2 and 3 routes. Every major part of town is accessible from here, including Times Square, Staten Is Ferry, Brooklyn and Bronx. Central park is an easy 10 minute stroll. The neighbourhood has a more laid back feel than the hectic midtown areas, and with plenty of good eateries nearby it's a real winner. If ever we are privileged to visit NY again we shall certainly stay here.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hsqos
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Beacon between 19th and 23rd March 2006 based on the reviews given on Travel Advisor. Hotel is very clean it is slightly dated however would definately return. The room had two double beds, a safe, mircowave and fridge. Staff in the hotel more than happy to help. Our flight was not until 21.25, hotel more than happy to store the luggage until we were picked up. You can see the subway station from the hotel, 1 stop to Time Square on the express line. Would recommend Macy's basement for food. Fresh pasta cooked in front of you for $7 - excellent taste and value. 21st Century Department is great for shopping bargains, its diretly across from Ground Zero.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous - Can't recommend it enough! This hotel is FABULOUS, can't recommend it enough. Having stayed in cramped, not too clean places in midtown the Beacon was a revalation. BIG room, flat screen TV, fully equipped kitchenette, nice bathroom, couldn't have wished for a nicer hotel. Even the view was great, from the 24th floor I could see clean across the Hudson River. Makes a nice change from a grimy brick wall or an air conditioning unit which is usual for NYC! Subway is only a 2 minute walk away, so easy to get to anywhere.Great food shops nearby and a nice diner downstairs, so no need to go far for breakfast!Very nice staff too. When I went to make a phone call home, the operator intercepted me dialling out and recommended I buy a $10 phone card from the front desk as it would save me a lot of money. And it did!!! Decent of them to point this out to me.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TAHull
<Content>Good Place       Times Square at Night  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Florida92
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Service Just returned from a week at the Beacon Hotel. Excellent hotel, location and staff. Planning second trip already and will definately be returning to this hotel. Highly recommend room 1909 completely refurbished, only downside faces Fairway market which can be quite noisy during the early hours when deliveries are being made, not good if your a light sleeper like me. We did tried Vinnies pizzeria as recommended on tripadvisor, never go there again worst pizza I have ever had. Plenty of other great restuarants to choose from and your never faraway from Starbucks which is always good news. We were there for the St Patricks day parade which was fantastic. Next trip planned for fall to see Central Park in all its glory. This hotel is so close to Central Park that we walked through it everyday, its amazing.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>definitely loved beacon we stayed at beacon for 3 nights and i must say we really loved it.previous reviews on this hotel made us decide to try it this time and they were right..the room was big with 2 double beds and the kitchenette is a big plus.the room was cleaned everyday,so no problems in that as well.our room was a smooking room( not our choice though) ,but it didnt smell the single bit.it was the same as a nonsmoking one. the hotel's location was great,we usually stay in times sq. area but we really liked the neighbourhood.the fairway is just across the street, a starbucks on the corner and a lot of different options around.we wld definitely come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay       Fairway supermarket from hotel lobby  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gmhaggis
<Content>Great Hotel, great location Had no hesitation about booking this hotel again for my second trip to New York. The room was clean, comfortable and, from my experience, quite large. The bathroom could be considered small, but I did not find this a problem. The room also contains a small fully equiped kitchenette area, with fridge, microwave and a two ring stove top (including a coffee maker and tea/coffee which was topped up daily). Wireless internet is also available, but this carries a daily charge if used. The access code needs to be obtained from reception and it changes daily. New flatscreen TV in the room, with a huge selection of free TV channels. Also, the usual selection of pay tv. But why bother, if you want to pay to see movies then there are several cinema multiplexes within a few blocks walking distance from the hotel (and cheaper too).As for hotel's location, couldn't be better, in a residential area on the Upper West Side. Only two stops from Penn station on the express subway line and one from Times Square. The hotel is only 1-2 blocks from the 72nd street subway station. Across the street is the excellent Fairway 24hr supermarket and a few blocks away is probably the best deli in New York, Zabars. Also, within a stone's throw from the hotel entrance are numerous Starbucks, cafes, diners and restaurants. All in all a great place to stay. BTW, both times I stayed here I managed to get great rates, less than half the hotel's own advertised rate, by hunting round the various online booking agencies.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1972
<Content>Good hotel, great rooms. We stayed at the Beacon hotel from Feb. 20th till 23rd and would recommend it to anyone who likes to visit New York and not pay too much for designer hotels, rooftop pools etc. We liked having a kitchenette in our room to make coffee and toast in the morning and to keep some cold drinks for our evening rituals before going out at night. The room was larger than expected, the bathroom was rather tiny though. Very important (for me as a Dutch shopper), within walking distance you will find Victoria's secret, Sephora, Pottery Barn, Urban Outfitters and Barnes  Noble and at Columbus mall: J Crew etc....for all the stuff you won't find in Europe.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ukgolfguy
<Content>Great hotel, good location We stayed here from the 15th Feb to the 19th Feb 2006. The hotel is in a good location, only 2 blocks away from the subway. We stayed in room 1909, which had recently been decorated, the rooms here are much bigger than any other room i have stayed in new york, with the bonus of a fridge and cooker. Fairways supermarket is right across the street. Over all a great stay was had, and i have already booked to stay here again in the summer..  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NB1UnitedKingdom
<Content>Great hotel!! I stayed at The Beacon from 10th to 14th February. It's a great hotel and I highly recommned it. It is on the Upper West Side, a few minutes walk from a subway which will take you to the busy areas (Times Sqaure etc) within a few minutes.My room was huge with fantastic views over the city on two sides of the room. It was room 2412. The little kitchette was great and well stocked with items. It's great if your on a budget and want to cook something light in the evening or for breakfast rather than eating out. There is a wonderful supermarket ouver the road listed in a few guide books - called Fairways. It was great for bagels etc if you want to self cater.The hotel has no bar of it's own but that is no big deal. There is a free same in the room and the staff were polite and helpful.I'd definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wilmik
<Content>Don't tell everyone ! Fantastic location, great hotel, felt like we lived in NY for a week. Don't tell everyone, before you know it looses it's charmes.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Castles
<Content>Fantastic place to stay Our family of seven, 5 adults and two children stayed at the Beacon from the 18th Dec to 26th Dec 2005 to enjoy our xmas in New York, as expected everthing was great about the Beacon, location is really good, rooms are a good size, we had rooms on the 25  27th Floors with a view as requested, the rooms are great with a small kitchenette, which we did not use a great deal as the option of eating out was much better, the meals and service at Viand Cafe downstairs was great, very nice people, and great food at reasonable price, good laundry, nice new Lobby. Plenty of food markets closeby to the Beacon, The Fairway is directly across Broadway from the Hotel, even had vegemite (for the Aussie visitors). The one big problem we encountered was the strike by the Transit people (first time in 25 years), no buses or trains, if you know New York this is a disaster, particulary at Xmas time, but we managed to turn the negative into a positive, taxis and a lot of footwork, even visited a lot of places that we normally would not have gone to.We had a great stay for our second visit at the Beacon, would definitely stay again, hopefully one day.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beacon: We loved it -- again! We stayed at the Beacon for the second time (first time was in 2002), and we loved it again. The room was clean, comfortable, and relatively spacious, everything worked well, a request for an extra towel and more tissues was fulfilled in minutes, and the location is superb. It's a block to the subway and just a short walk from great restaurants, Barnes  Noble, movie theaters, and Central Park, and most importantly, it is across the street from the wonderful Fairway Market. The kitchenette seals the deal: it's a great value for a family wanting to eat in to save money on meals. Look for their specials on their website; our room was $170/night before taxes and was perfectly comfortable for four people.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the view and the location My wife and I flew in from Oslo, Norway, for a 6 day easterbreak and found the hotel without any trouble (great about New York numbered streets). All of a sudden we found ourselves in a room on the 25.th floor, view of the park and all the hihgrise you could need. No breakfast (but who needs it in NY), perfect service, nice and clean big rooms and smart kitchen solution. The best place I have stayed in so far in NY. Coming back to Beacon for sure.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Fab Location       The Hotel - Right on Broadway!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moween
<Content>Would stay here again       The Beacon Hotel  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel, upgraded our room I found this hotel referenced in a New York for Dummies book. My husband and I were traveling with our 4 children. Upon check-in, we were informed that we had been upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite rather than the 1 bedroom that we requested. Very nice suite! The rooms were very large by NYC standards. We even added another night to our stay and they were extremely accommodating. The neighborhood is excellent for families and the subway stop is extremely convenient. We will stay at the Beacon again!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay,Ideal Location We stayed at the Beacon Hotel,December 3rd to the 8th.Found the staff very friendly,Mary the assistant manager arranged early check in for us. Room much nicer and larger than expected,very clean and well equipped. Excellent location we actually felt part of New York not just in a tourist area. We will certainly return.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PerthTripper
<Content>Very pleased with the Beacon We came to New York after eight weeks in the UK and Europe, and were very pleasantly surprised with the Beacon. It's old and a little bit shabby, but better than many we had stayed in. The room was large and pretty comfortable, but the kitchenette with stove, fridge and microwave was an unexpected treat. There is a brilliant 24-hour market just opposite, and we were able to stock up and eat some home-cooked meals that didn't cost a fortune.The location is good (handy to a subway station and a nice walk to Central Park). The staff were more helpful than average for New York. And having a laundromat just down the hallway from our room was extremely convenient.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tsmiller1
<Content>Great stay at the Hotel Beacon! We loved the Hotel Beacon. We were there Dec.6-9, a very busy time, and were treated very well and efficiently. Wonderful location, ON Broadway, on the edge of a very nice neighborhood, with lots of eateries around with in a 5-10 block walk. There is an AWESOME grocery across the street, and a liquor store 2 doors down. We had a room with 2 double beds, it was quite large and very comfortable. The mattresses were comfortable. Very clean and well appointed. We were unable to make a connection to a wireless network, but it was a short visit, so it was OK. (It may have just been the location of our room.)We booked this hotel as a package with Broadway, and it was a tremendous value. I will plan to stay again if I'm ever in the city! If you stay there, you gotta eat at Vinnie's Pizzeria one block away on Amsterdam. Mmm mmm good!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Donna&Michael
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! Myself and my partner stayed here in June as part of a multicentre holiday. it was our 1st stop off and i have to say we were pleasantly surprised at how nice the hotel was. We booked budget hotels and didn't expect much but the rooms were loveley, clean, well equipped and comfortable. The staff were very helpful and what a brilliant location it was, just 2 blocks from the main subway line. we had a great view of the city and it had a great place for a new york breakfast just next door. there is also a theatre next door if that's your thing. we would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>southernwriter
<Content>Perfect Setting The Beacon Hotel is a diamond in the rough. Taking on NYC with two teenagers is an experience made easy with this hotel. Knowing we needed a suite hotel, I was impressed with the reviews of this property on Trip Advisor. We took a chance and were extremely pleased. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Having traveled to NYC on business for over 15 years, I can truly say it is my favorite over some of the better known properties. The neighborhood is something to treasure. We really liked the convenience of the shopping and dining such as the Arte Cafe on 73rd near Columbus Ave. My spouse and I would like to return on our own for more of this perfect setting for the true NYC neighborhood feel.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Apartment in the City We stayed at the Hotel Beacon for Thanksgiving from Nov 19-26. We had a 1 bedrom suite with 2 double beds in the bedroom. We felt like we had our own apartment in the city. We had two adults and two kids. We had enough room for my mom to come and stay with us for a few nights. The Fairway Market was great! We saved a bundle on dining out which can be stressful with kids. We got take-out almost every night. The beds were not very comfortable, and the sleeper sofa needed to be replaced. This is why the hotel is rated only a one or two star. It is like staying in a lived in apartment. The hotel staff was fabulous. The maid cleaned our dirty dishes every day. The front desk was courteous and the bellmen/concierge were polite. The restaurant next door was very good too.Make sure you call ahead to confirm your reservation. I had made mine in Feb 2005 for Nov 2005 and when I called in October they had me down for October. It would have been a nightmare finding a decent room in the city over Thanksgiving.We will definitely stay here again, and try to get one of the remodled rooms I've heard about on this website.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bavon
<Content>A gem in the Upper Westside The Beacon Hotel is a gem. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. The staff is efficient and accomodating. The hotel's proximity to shopping, markets, the theater and Central Park is ideal. Particular commendation goes to Frank Dee, Sales Manager. Frank went out of his way to make our stay at the Beacon special. We're already booked for next December!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jimminy_Cricket
<Content>Delightful hotel I stayed at the Beacon with family while we were in New York for Thanksgiving. We were delighted when we walked into our 1-bedroom suite! With a hall closet, marble bathroom, comfy living area with fold-out sofa and kitchenette, a roomy bedroom with another closet, and a great view of the Fairway grocery store and the ballet studio across the street, the suite provided a fun and comfortable place for us to be for 4 nights. It was like having our own apartment. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. We did eat at the Viand cafe on Thanksgiving night and were satisfied with the food and service. Would not recommend the Fairway cafe, though. Starbucks is right across the street. Central park within walking distance. Two things were slightly annoying: constant honking of cars on street below and noise from fans leaving Journey concert at next door Beacon Theater two nights in a row. Otherwise, it was pretty delightful.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dreams
<Content>Great for a family! As a family of 5 travelling from Australia, the beacon was the most comfortable place we stayed on our trip to the states. We checked in late in the evening after a 10 hour flight from Frankfurt and the desk clerk was such a lovely man. We had originally booked a one bedroom suite but he upgraded us to a 2 bedroom suite! 2 bedrooms with 2 most comfortable double beds in each and 3 TV's. The kitchen was well stocked and the the location cant be beat. I wanted to stay in Times Square but we lost our booking at the salisbury but i am glad we did. With 2 of my children aged 3 and 6, this was the better choice. Subway was close, market across the street and central park a short walk down lovely tree lined neighborhood streets. I agree with a previous poster about our experience at the diner next door, Vinard. The food was not nice, the staff were too interested in the soccer match on the TV, yes they did seem not to want to be there and they didnt seem to like having children in their diner, yet they had a childrens menu. Each to their own, it was an experience, but i know i will stay at the beacon again but not dine next door.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place To Stay!!! I was a little worried before checking in but I was plesantly surprised!!! I will stay here again for sure!We arrived on time for check in and found the computers were down so it was a little slow. But, the staff was friendly and found us a room. It was exactly what was reserved. A one-bedroom suite, 2 double beds, non-smoking. room 707 The suite was huge!The beds were nice ! Everything was clean and well-kept. The daily maid staff was great! I guess the maid reported a light bulb out, someone came right up to fix it! They even washed our dishes and left pleanty of tea/coffee for the coffee maker! The kitchenette is fully stocked with plates, cookware, etc! Even dish soap! there was no sponge but we picked on up at the market along with our food supplies :) Having the option to make something was a great help! We only made breakfest but, it saved money for sure. We stayed 4 nights and 2 of our friends stayed 3 out of 4 and we found in not to be too crowded. The sofa can really on fit 3 people, so that did leave the 4th sitting on the floor or in one of the dining room tyle chairs, but it all worked out well. There did seem to be some remodling going on in the suite next door, but the workers were not there on Sat and Sun and left by 4 ish on the weekdays. When we checked out we had a few hours to kill before our bus back to Boston and the front desk even offers a bag check! So that was nice! Would recommend this hotel and will stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DWGriffith
<Content>Our neighborhood Three things outstanding at the Beacon: 1. Location at 75th and Broadway, 3 blocks from an express subway, and directly across from a Fairway Market and a Citarella. 2. A complete kitchenette to prepare the nice breakfast things you just bought across the street. 3. There is a guest laundry hidden away on the 6th floor.Rooms are big enough, there are in-room safes, and the bedding is old but serviceable. Desk clerks are friendly and helpful.Problems: Concierges don't do their job, whatever it may be at this place, and what they do do, they do badly. Further, getting cabs is difficult because there is no doorman, and delivery trucks park for long times in front of the lobby. Cross to Fairway and join the crowd of New Yorkers taking their groceries home, and you'll get a cab there.In sum, we always stay here because it has become our neighborhood in NYC, and at home you sort of lose the need to be waited on hand and foot.And it's nice to just walk down to the Met and back with everybody else.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NabaRD
<Content>Did the job The Beacon Hotel is good value and is in a really handy location for the subway and for the wonderful 24hour Fairways market accross the road. The hotel is old though and as with most NY hotels, the foyer is the most modern part! The rooms, were not sparkling clean - mould on the tiles in the bathrooms, cracked fixtures and fittings; but having said that, the mini kitchen and great maid service made up for this in my eyes. One thing to be aware of - we were in two different rooms on two different trips and neither of them had curtains! So be ready to wake up with the sun!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was amazing!!!! This hotel is great value for money and I would recommend it to everybodyI stayed at this hotel with three other friends in a quad room, and there was a lot of space.It was very clean and the staff were very friendly.I am going back to NYC next summer and I am definitely staying at the Beacon hotel again!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Osmin
<Content>The perfect place ! Stayed for four nights on a prolonged weekend, primarily for performances at the Metropolitan Opera. I chose the hotel primarily on the strength of reviews on this site, and I can only subscribe to those who have found the hotel excellent in all respects, particularly if you have no need for a full-service hotel, which I don't, as I like to get around. The best of all is the ideal location, which can hardly be bettered, with a subway station two blocks away (on 72nd street) and a comfortable walk to Central Park, Lincoln Center and Times square. The neighbourhood was (relatively) tranquil, and it felt totally safe at all times; I walked alone from Lincoln Center up Broadway (10-12 minutes) around midnight three nights in a row without feeling in the least uncomfortable. The staff was corteous and competent and the rooms were adequately furnished, clean and well kept. I will definitely recommend this hotel wholeheartedly to any traveller. At the price I paid it can hardly be beaten.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Koala3
<Content>Fantastic location! I stayed here with a Contiki Tour. The rooms are very clean and each room has a kitchennette with a microwave and fridge and stove top which is very useful (there is a fantastic market right across the street which is open 24/7). Starbucks is on the corner for caffeine addicts like me! Bathroom was spotless. There were 2 double beds in our room and a safe. TV with loads of channels. Pay TV as well although didn't have time to watch any. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from 72nd Street Subway Station which is on the express and local lines so was 1 stop to Times Square. I walked from Fifth Avenue back to the hotel and it only took 25 minutes - slow walk.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rino
<Content>Wonderful place to stay in Manhattan Just arrived home from a three night stay at the Beacon. Three of us shared a suite with two double beds, a fold out sofa and small kitchenette. The room was huge by Manhattan standards. We were able to save money by eating breakfast in the room. The hotel is close to the subway, Central Park, Museum Row, Lincoln Center and not a bad walk to the Broadway theatre district. Staff at the front desk and concierge were very helpful. I will always try to stay at the Beacon when in NYC.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Neil1305
<Content>A brilliant location We spent 9 days in the Beacon Hotel on vacation from the UK last month. It was well reviewed in local guide books,but it was the comments on this forum which made up our mind. As some of the reviewers have already stated it did not have a great deal of facilities and cannot comment on the internet use provided as we didn't try it. However,the Viand cafe next to the hotel was excellent for breakfast. We didn't have a suite,but we had 2 double beds in the room which was very large. We had microwave,fridge,stove etc so ate in on 2 or 3 nights as there was an excellent market across the road which has frequently been commented on. In addition there were other markets and delis etc all around the hotel.In addition to all these positive points the real bonus was the location - it was brilliant! We arrived on Amtrak from Boston and were in our hotel room via the subway in 35 minutes. The subway is only 5 minutes walk away which will take you virtually anywhere. The bus goes past the front door and Times Square is a pleasant 25 minute walk. We saw some of the expensive hotels in midtown,but not a patch on this area,which because of its residential nature has a much more pleasant feel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Swaggie
<Content>Location, location!       A sunset view from the Beacon  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, clean and nice hotel! We stayed at Beacon hotel for 3days  3 nights last October 11-14, 2005. The hotel was just 1 1/2 blocks away from 72nd train station. We arrived early, 6:30 am, it was cold and just rained but the lobby was warm. We couldn't check-in but the staff allowed us to store our luggages and use their restroom to refresh. Once checked-in, the room has cute kitchen and equipments + coffeemaker :) We had two full comfy beds; bathroom is good size and clean; shower has good water pressure; tv has all cable channels. We were in the 3rd floor, so we couldn't see the view. The room is quiet and stayed in the right temperature. The location is the greatest...it was surrounded with markets (across the street), bank, diner, souvenir stores  shops. The Viand cafe on the right side was great--great food  service! We came home from Time Square around midnight and this cafe was still open, coffe  deserts are wonderful. Overall, no complaints here. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Stay After arriving home from our US trip I can rate the Beacon as a comfortable place to stay in NYC. The location is good with easy access to the subway. Fairway market is open across the road 24 hours. After staying in a more expensive hotel downtown I can say the Beacon has the facilities to make your stay enjoyable at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>zenouk
<Content>Beacon is a great base Had a very enjoyable three night stay at the Beacon.Enjoyed the large room with self catering facilities.Great food stores opposite so able to make breakfast in the room each day.Must disagree with another recent post -Visited the diner next door on a number of occasions and had good food and service.It was obviously very popular and we liked the atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tobe
<Content>Good location but shabby and dated The Beacon Hotel is in an excellent location. My husband and I stayed at the Beacon Hotel on 2 occasions, once in July and then again in August.In July we were given a fresh, clean if somewhat dated hotel room, it was a different story in August.In August the room was shabby, very dated and could have done with a clean. The staff on both occasions have not been particularly approachable and the elevators (a necessity when on 7th or 8th floor) were not working in July or August.The lobby in the hotel is swanky, do not go further than this as you will probably be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved The Beacon As a family of four we were very impressed with The Hotel Beacon. The room was very spacious and exceptionally clean.The kitchenette was a god send,with fresh tea and coffee every day.The location was perfect,with a good selection of shops and restaraunts just moments from the hotel,and the Fairways supermarket had a wide variety of food and drink,all available 24hours a day.Times Square is only 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes on the subway for all that New York has to offer.Also with Central Park only 5 minutes walk away it was great for the kids after a hard days shopping.All in all I would reccomend it for a romantic weekend for 2 or like us a 7 nite stay doing all the touristy things as a family.We will definately be staying here again and will be recomending it to all our friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>techgrad
<Content>Moms Take Manhattan--Perfect Location! A group of young moms enjoyed The Beacon on our Moms Take Manhattan adventure! The room was ideal for the 4 of us and the rate worked out to about $65 a person. This can't be beat! Our room was newly renovated and very, very clean. The only complaint had to do with the air conditioner as NY was unusually hot during our stay. The units were controlled by a motion detector and only turned on when motion was detected in the room. When everyone was still b/c we were asleep, the a/c would turn off. This led to our random, ritual looking movements throughout the night to get the a/c to kick on--leg lifts, pillow tosses and crazy waving of arms got the job done, but we wondered if we were part of a hidden camera show! We have never heard of motion driven units---we did make the best of it and had lots of laughs! This truly was the only complaint! A great location with easy subway access and a wonderful neighborhood feel. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location location location! We arrived at the hotel, immediate impressions was, this is a better location than we thought, and we were not proved wrong. Checking in no problem. Gave us the top floor, a must! Room 2511. Views from all windows, well just fantastic, room clean and tidy everyday, felt like we had our own apartment, with kitchenette- go to the chotic supermarket across the road, not just for the experience but the delicious goodies they have!Access to the subway, 72nd street great, 100yrds.Local bars, dining, shopping etc, behind hotel great, amsterdam street, especially at the weekends, you get the true feel of new york, rather than the plastic of times square.The only bad experience was the so called dinner next door, attached to the Beacon, Vinard, bloody awful service, with attidude!!You will love this place, never thought i would go onto something like this, but, yes, why not tell others!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bootle45
<Content>A reasonable hotel in a very convenient location I stayed at this hotel for five nights in September along with my wife and teenage daughter. The location is wonderful you are surrounded by shopsand restaurants, it is a very short walk to the subway. We found the situation perfect after a long day walking in Manhattan in baking temperatures, we came back had a rest and a drink (nicely chilled in the fridge!)then just walked to a local restaurant of which there are loads covering every price range and taste. There is a very well stocked wine store two doors away and an excellent 24hr supermarket straight across the road. With regard to the hotel itself it is situated right on Broadway and it can suffer from traffic noise, delivery trucks and garbage collectors seemed to appear around 3am every morning. It seems to be the luck of the draw which room you get ours was on the 15th floor and consisted of two good sized beds and a small kitchen, with microwave, fridge( very useful!) cooker and kettle, plus bathroom and air conditioning. It is fair to say that the rooms do need updating, but they are perfectly adequate.To summarise if you want a reasonable hotel in a convenient location this ideal. The kitchen is very useful especially for families on a budget you can get up to four people in one room which cuts down on costs.There are no other facilities in the hotel, no bar or restaurant.We would recommend this hotel and would stay there again, it depends on what your priorities are, incidentally we paid 拢90 per night for a family of three which I thought was very good value. We loved New York and can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good basic accomodation The Beacon Hotel used to be a residential hotel/rooming place and still has some permanent residents. The rooms are self - catering suites and there are no common areas other than reception. It is more like a motel than a hotel. The fact that people are cooking in their suites means that the corridors can smell a bit pungent at times.We had 2 rooms on the 14th and 25th floors. The view from the 25th was amazing. The furnishings were a bit dowdy and the kitchens were really cheap units which were already beginning to look a bit battered BUT we found the rooms immaculately clean. not a hint of a bug, staff helpful, the self-catering really useful and the air-conditioning effective.The Fairway Market is fantastic - catered for our vegan and vegetarian daughters as well as normal ranges. The location is good.I would recommend this place highly to sightsee-ers and families who need a base and a place to self-cater. It is not appropriate for anyone looking for a hotel with hotel services.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base for exploring NY We stayed here in the August heat and thought the location was great. Easy access to the subway, walking distance to Central Park and Lincoln Centre, good choice of restaurants nearby and a superb food store directly opposite. The space in the suite we had was great - very welcome for 3 adults and the only negative comment would be that the decor was a little tired. Overall, though, a quiet, pleasant hotel in a great location - we'd certainly return.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>better than ever We have stayed here many times and this time was the most exciting because we were able to stay in a renovated room (1217). It had funky colors of greens, gold and pastels. The bed was thee most comfortable and the overall feel was a pleasure. Some other guest stated that the place needs cleaning, my suggestion would be for that individual to get glasses the place is spotless and there are no undesireable people residents at this hotel it is the safest and most relaxing place we have been. Try it you won't be disappointed  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best is at the Beacon       Staying at the Beacon before going on a cruise  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Someone needs to clean This hotel is pretty drab so I don't understand all the the favorable reviews on this website. They need to put a little style into the rooms and give up the floral bed spreads. But ultimately the thing that matters the most for me is a clean room and that definitely was not happening here. Also there seeems to be some dirty looking people that live at the hotel, what is that about ????  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlanLee
<Content>Had a graet time at the Beacon               More photos  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and well-suited to families Hotel Beacon exceeded our expectations during our stay in June 2005. Excellent loaction - one stop via the express #2 train to 42nd St. Walk to Central Park. Out of Mid-Town madness. Kitchennette and grocery stores across the road resulted in savings.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcreedj
<Content>Delightful hotel and neighborhood We selected the Beacon hotel - my wife and I with our two adult children - because of its proximity to the Beacon Theatre; we usually stay in the Theatre District. We had reserved two rooms but they upgraded us to a suite. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. And, as other reviewers have noted, the location is excellent. It is close to the 72d Street subway station, but is in a neighborhood which is more relaxed than the Theatre District. It is within easy walking distance also to the Lincoln Center and to Central Park, and from the two where we ate, there seem to be a lot of good restaurants nearby.We will return to the Beacon the next time we visit the City.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in a great neighbourhood We stayed at the Beacon for a week at the end of May and it was great. It was our second stay there after 1999. When planning our recent New York trip we first of all thought about choosing a hotel more downtown. But after having read the positive reviews we decided to go back and we are more than glad that we did so. The stay already started great when upon an e-mail send to the Beacon a while before our trip, we got a room as requested on one of the upper floors to the back of the hotel. Our room was on the 18th floor with a great view (we even caught a glimpse of Central Park). It was spacious and as many other reviewers we enjoyed the small kitchenette. The staff was always helpful and friendly. One morning we told them that our TV did not work properly and when we arrived back in our room in the afternoon it was fixed. What鈥檚 also great, is the location. The next subway station is just two short blocks away (Central Park and Museum of Natural History only 3 blocks) and the neighbourhood offers lots of nice small affordable restaurants and shops (incl. supermarkets and the usual suspects in men鈥檚 and women鈥檚 apparel for a little pre-dinner shopping ;-)). After a day of sightseeing in hectic and noisy 鈥渄owntown鈥?Manhattan, we enjoyed to step from the subway and stroll around Broadway, Amsterdam and Columbus Ave. For breakfast we can not only recommend the upstairs bakery of the Fairway supermarket (as many other reviewers) but also the Viand Caf茅 (connected to the hotel). From Monday through Friday they offer breakfast specials which we found reasonable priced and of good quality. We really hope that the Beacon team keeps the standard and we will definitely choose the Beacon again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>meikner
<Content>Good Location, OK Value We (family of 4 with teenagers) stayed here for 5 nights- May 31-June 5th. The location is good if you want to get out of the hustle and bustle of midtown. It is a very short walk to the subway( I was expecting longer blocks). The area around the hotel seemed very safe even late at night walking back from the sub. Our room was a 1 bedroom suite located on the 11th floor at the back of the hotel. We didn't have a good view, but that was ok since we didn't have to listen to the noise from the street. We had a LARGE storage closet located in the hallway with a hanging space at the rear, along with 2 other closets, one in the hall and one in bedroom. The bedroom had 2 double beds, and the living area had a regular size sofa bed, even though we were told it was a queen sofa. There was more than enough room for our clothes, etc. Having a kitchen was great, especially when traveling with teenagers who want to eat in the middle of the night. After checking into hotel, we walked across street to the Fairway Market and stocked up on snacks, drinks, and breakfast food. However, I don't recommend going there during the typical rush hour after work, it was horrible to try to find your items and check out. I had read one complaint about roaches, so I bought a box of large storage zip bags and stored all our food in them, along with keeping all food/drink items in the refrigerator (it was about 3/4 size of a regular refrigerator). The hotel supplies the dishwashing liquid, so I washed the things (glasses, flatware and a couple bowls/plates) I thought we would use and kept those in the refrigerator also. Turns out that the only bugs(2 small roaches) we saw were both in the bathroom.We found the employees to be very helpful and quick to respond to request. We had to call once because the room above ours had some kind of leak over our tub area, and the maintenance man was up to our room in less than 5 minutes. They called us back to report what they had found and corrected. We were constantly asking for more bath towels, and they were always delivered in less than 5 minutes. Several times, we just left a note for the housekeeper to leave extra towels, and she left more than what we actually used.The negative things about the room was the bathroom was not as clean as it could have been. There was a lot of mold in the tub--around the caulking where the tile met the tub, and in the corners going up the tile walls. So as a result, it made the whole tub/shower area feel dirty. The bathroom itself was very small; you cannot have more than 1 person at a time in there. The furniture in the living area was very old, and the upholstery was stained and grimy looking. The lighting was not as bright as it could have been, so we kept the windows wide open to help with the light. We paid $235 + taxes per night, which I thought was a little high, but with the extra space, it was worth it in the end. We had friends who stayed in the Times Square area last summer, who paid $195 + taxes per night, and their room was TINY. We liked the location, the restaurants in the area were good, and would consider staying here again if I knew the furnture would be in better shape, along with a cleaner bathroom.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>citybluemoon
<Content>Great place for families We stayed at the Beacon in mid May 2005.We're a family of 5 and really liked the space in the rooms and the great location of the hotel (close to both the river and the Park).I've seen some other reviews that slag off the decor - well it is a bit faded and if this matters to you then I guess you shouldn't stay at the Beacon.If however you need a good location, good prices and great space for your family then I'd definitely recommend the Beacon.Other things of interest:1. Fairway market is great2. The nearby Boat Basin Cafe, just on the Hudson river, is great for a meal and a drink  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good now but under renovations We stayed for 4 nights on the 10th floor and the room was large, clean and full of natural light, the wireless internet in the room was a big plus as well. The lobby is the same as the rooms. The neighborhood cannot be beat and the staff is very pleasant. We loved this place. On our last day we noticed another room being worked on and the staff person told us that this was a model room of what would be coming. They showed us the room and it was a very nice upgrade in style and decor. We will be back to check out the new rooms for next time. I highly recommend this place  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a good hotel...in 1970 maybe.            
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>electrolyte
<Content>The Beacon was grand! I stayed in the Beacon Hotel for 5 nights in May 2005. Our party was two adults and one child. We had requested a double room. The room consisted of two queen beds and was huge!!It had closet with an electronic safe (very handy). There was a kitchenette with micorwave, cooker hob and a fridge. Great to have with a 3 year old in tow. The bathroom was grand. The toilet flooded once and got blocked a second time but the staff were down asap to unblock and clean up. The cleaning of the room was brilliant, they came every day. The AC was great. The only drawback was the noise from the traffic outside. We were on the 8th floor. I was up at 5 or 6 every morning with the noise but there is lots to do in nyc so I didnt mind too much.When you exit the hotel turn left and continue on to subway station on 72nd street, dead handy - goes straight to Times Square. There is also a great funky clothes store near the station, Urban Outfitters, cute stuff you dont get in Ireland. Also if you exit the hotel and turn right and walk down to 79th street you will find Feline's Basement shop, good bargains.There is also a great market directly opposite the hotel for supplies.All in all the hotel was great. They even let me stay in the room a bit later on our last day as I had an evening flight. They can also arrange transportation to the airport for you.Would definately stay again.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>matthew
<Content>3 nights not long enough The Beacon hotel is a great choice for anyone new to New York as we were. Found it very relaxing and our room was nice and large. Nice to have a small kitchen if you need to cook as there is an amazing market opposite called the Fairway that we could have spent a fortune in if our baggage allowance had permitted. Ate out though. A good wine shop was 2 doors down. Hotel is on the upper west side so we usually walked to places (times Sq was about 25 mins) Get the Gray-line tourist bus around and it will cost you about 50 bucks for 2 days hop on/hop off for all the loops (uptown  downtown), they have great guides! There is a restuarant connected to the hotel that we didn't use but always looked busy but Amsterdam Ave is just behind and there are loads of bars and places to eat and there are plenty of restuarants nearby that will deliver.The Beacon is not the cheapest hotel in the district and we paid 拢106.00 per night. Having some knowledge now, would probably look for somewhere a little cheaper if we ever return.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lincoln Centre, Central Park and your own kitchen The Beacon is an older hotel but offers large, well-furnished rooms with upgraded bathrooms. The kitchens really come into their own as there is a good supermarket across the road and, even better, Zabars some three blocks away so fresh orange juice and croissants for breakfast or one of many choices for dinner are readily, and reasonably economically, available. There's also a first-class wine store next to the hotel.It's a thirty minute, but interesting, walk to Broadway, less to the Lincoln Center and about 15 minutes to Central Park. The nearest subway is about three blocks.You can get a good hotel cheaper, eg, the Pickwick Arms, but we found that the extra was worth it for the kitchen. We'd stay there again.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little gem right in the middle We just got back and had a great time. The staff were probably the most accommdating in any hotel I've been to. The neighborhod is so peacefull but only a few stops by subway away from the action. The lobby is neat and cozy and the rooms were large and vey clean. The kitchens were a huge plus for making food and saving time when you in a hurry, there is a market right across the street that helps compliment the stay. We will definatley be back  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Depressing Depressing Depressing You know, we chose this hotel for friends to stay in based on the reviews of this site. C'mon, I am now convinced that the Hotel itself is writing their own reviews. This place could never garner more then an adequet review from anybody. I mean without a doubt it was the least attractive hotel in the neighborhood. The rooms were dreary and depressing and when we went downstairs to the desk to ask for a better accommodation we were told that we were in a newly renovated room. If that's true then thy need a new decorator. Also there were many unsavory people in this hotel and we were told by someone later that many of them live in the hotel.What I think is we were snookered by who are probably the owners of the hotel, because the truth is it was a less then average hotel with some matching rates, surely it should not be in the top third of hotels in New York.Who's kidding who ?  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beacon was great We stayed at the Beacon for a week in early April. I booked the hotel on the basis of good reviews from this website and we were not disappointed. The room was spacious and clean with two double beds and a little kitchenette. It was our first visit to New York and we had the most wonderful time. At the end of a very busy day it was heartening to know that we were returning to a lovely comfortable room. Loved the location as well.......I wish I was there now!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try This Hotel ! This hotel is easily accessible, clean and the kitchen area within the room is excellent. I can only echo the other reviews and would recommend this hotel. There is a huge market across from the hotel, it is situated on Broadway and the shopping nearby is great. Try the Utopia Restaurant for excellent affordable food.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Beacon Beacon Hotel was great! It is on Broadway near the subway- near 5th and Central Park and the rooms are comfortable and roomy. The kitchenette made such a difference - we didn't have to go out for every single thing we ate or drank. Right opposite is the most marvellous shop called Fairways which sold food/drink - everything you ever thought of and much more. The deli was amazing and we bought lots of interesting things there and tried them out in our room eating at the dining table in our room. I bbecame quite addicted to Fairways and would find it a perfectly good reason for living in NYC!There is also a launderette. The staff were polite and friendly and I cannot recommend it too highly.Chrissie from Kent UK  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pinz
<Content>Good Location An excellent location although we were on the 7th floor at the front of the hotel, it was extremely noisy. The road noise went on all night, and the Fairways Market opposite was having goods delivered at all hours. Definately ask for a room higher up or at the back of the hotel  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bladeonholiday
<Content>Beacon in a perfect position We have just returned from a 5-day trip to New York and we stayed at the Hotel Beacon. Its my first vist to New York and when I go back which I definitely will. I will stay here again. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and spacious. (think Holiday Inn standard) with the added bonus of a large fridge and two ring cooker, microwave and coffee maker. Although we didn鈥檛 do any cooking it was great for making drinks and keeping drinks and fruit in. The Beacon is in a great location on Broadway but away from the tourists. This is a residential area but it is lively with a real New York buzz to it. The area felt really safe in fact the whole of Manhattan did. There are coffee shops, clothes shops, numerous restaurants, bookshops which stay open until 10.00pm! 10mins to Central Park, 10mins to the Natural History Museum (a must if you have kids, especially the planetarium), 1min to the nearest subway (72nd St) which will take you right down to the bottom of Manhattan and over to Brooklyn without having to change trains. The famous Zabars is just up the road but I have to make a special mention of Fairways Food market which is opposite the Beacon. You can get everything you may need foodwise there and more. If the weather is nice get a picnic from the Deli and head for Central Park. And they have a great cafe upstairs where you can get a good breakfast (my kids loved the pancakes with maple syrup) but at 5.30 it turns into a restaurant with candles and tablecloths. We went and had a fabulous meal with a decent bottle of red for $18 (拢9) which was鈥檔t the cheapest! Thank you New York for a fantastic holiday and see you next time.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>floss
<Content>Loved the Hotel Beacon The Hotel Beacon is truly a find - we are so glad that we took Tripadvisor's advise and booked a stay there. It is excellent value for NYC and offers, clean, comfortable and spacious accommodation. Our room was generously sized with 2 double beds, a bathroom and kitchen area. A gourmet 24 hour market is opposite the hotel and as you have a fridge, microwave and hobs in your room, it is easy to be self catering. There is also a laundry room, where you can do your own washing, which came in handy. There is also a great diner next door, where the food is excellent and good value. The hotel is also very convenient for the subway and is situated in a pleasant part of the city. We can highly recommend a stay here and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joyzeegoyl
<Content>Family Trip to the Big Apple Family of four w/ 2 kids (ages 10  5)...room was excellent w/ 2 double beds...kitchenette with mini-refrigerator, microwave, two burner stove, very small sink, coffeemaker, toaster, eating utensils ....very handy able to heat up leftovers when too tired to go out to eat at night...Fairway grocery store right across the hotel, plenty of reasonably priced diners/restaurants in the area...Museums nearby, etc..The B/C subway 2-3blocks west towards Central Park, the 1/9 subway was 3 blocks south on 72th St...Price was right, we got the room for $150/night thru AAA..Why 4 stars rather than a 5...A big cockroach under the sink and asked for a non-smoking room but the room stank...  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lenaellen
<Content>This Hotel was Much more than I expected -- definitely recommend. I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site and the recommendation of Fodor's. Having been in many NY hotels - I expected, based on the price, clean and acceptable. Instead I found a wonderful, large comfortable room. My sister and I were taking our parents to the city for the first time. We had booked a one room suite and were given a free upgrade to a two room suite without asking. The room had a large sitting area with a small but fully equipped kitchenette, two full baths and two large bedrooms with two doubles each. We were thrilled. Across the street is a wonderful 24 hour grocery that will serve any food needs if you are not into the restaurant scene. There is a subway stop less than two blocks away and taxis are very easy to get right out the door. I found the location to be convenient for siteseeing and and shopping. I will definitely recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davidhx6
<Content>Great hotel        Beacon Hotel entrance - March 2005  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OHTrip
<Content>Hotel Beacon was great! My husband daughter and I stayed in a standard double room I was delighted by how clean and pleasant the room was. The kitchenette came in handy. We got a fantastic rate of $135 per night because my daughter was visiting Columbia University. We liked the neighborhood. There were lots of shops and good restaurants nearby. Staff was always friendly. You can't beat this hotel for the convenience and the price.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>teilani
<Content>Great for students on Spring Break Three friends and I stayed in the Beacon for a Spring Break college class trip. I agree with some users that the hotel may be a bit dated in appearance, but in general the lobby is nice (with a ramp for rolling luggage) and the staff are even nicer.Staying for 8 nights, we called about a lot of things (blankets, pillows,wakeup calls, silverware) and though the desk gave us the 30 minutes at max answer, we always had someone up in no more than five minutes.We never had ANY problems with bugs and trust me, we had a lot of food in the room, both in the fridge and on the counters. Often we had overflow trash just sitting in the kitchen waiting for pickup the next day, and we had no problems whasoever.The rooms are a good size (we got the 1 bedroom suite) and we all felt very safe there. The kitchennete it quite tiny (I am 5'1 and the fridge was shorter than me) but enough for one person to move around in. The beds could use some updating: they were rickety and not extrememly comfortable.The prices were moderate, but they have great specials on their site and I was very pleased with their services! Great location and only two blocks from the 1 and 9 subway!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great hotel - one of NYC's best!!! We stayed here back in November 2004 for a week. Great location - up by 74th/75th Streets, so away from the midtown/downtown tourist trap. Lots of great diners, restaurants, markets  shops in this area of the Upper West Side. Fantastic subway links (with 72nd Street about 3 mins walk). The hotel itself was very good - above average size rooms, each one with kitchenette for tea/coffee  that morning bagel or slice of toast!! Internet facilities in the hotel, friendly staff and all good. Definitely worth a visit!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is jamming We were here when the Allman Brothers show started and the place was over run by fans. The staff managed to keep order in their boutique style lobby. Plus they had a group of kids from a school there as well. The rooms a huge and very very clean. The staff were always pleasant and accommodating. We will be back next year, however it won't be around the time the Allmans are playing  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A big fan of the Beacon I am getting ready to stay at the Beacon for my 5th time over the past 2 years. Our most recent visit was in January 2005. My teenage daughter and I LOVE this hotel. Here are the reasons:1. Location - Staying on the Upper Westside gives you the feel of LIVING in New York instead of being a tourist in Times Square. The Upper Westside has tons of good, reasonably priced restaurants within walking distance from the hotel or just a few subway stops away. The subway is a 3 minute walk from the hotel and Grey's Papaya - THE BEST HOT DOGS IN NEW YORK - is a 5 minute walk. You have great supermarket across the street so that you can stock up the refrigerator in your room if you so desire. 2. The rooms are neither trendy or luxurious, but they are clean and nicely sized with comfortable beds. I would recommend the suites although we could only get a double room last time and it was fine. Each room has a kitchenette with a small range, microwave, sink, full-size refrigerator and coffeemaker. This is a big PLUS.3. Price - the rates are reasonable.4. Staff - Professional and courteous. I guess the thing that we like most about this hotel is that it doesn't feel like a hotel, it feels like a home away from home and being on the Upper Westside lets you experience a real part of New York.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Drapier
<Content>5 visits and never a problem Just had my 5th stay at the Beacon. I have found the staff always to be excellent, friendly and helpful. The rooms that I have had have been generously large. The lobby (which has been recently enlarged and redecorated) is very comfortable and attractive. Definitely my favourite place to stay in New York - I had free wi-fi access (don't know how!) and not only is the diner downstairs excellent but the 24 hour market across trhe road Fairway, is a gourmet's paradise.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Megstar
<Content>Fantastic place to stay I have stayed at the Beacon Hotel five or six times since 1998 and I think it is fantastic. The staff are always friendly, rooms always very, very clean and I have never had a complaint. The standard rooms are a decent size but for the little extra upgrade to a suite and they are huge and very nicely decorated. You could quite comfortably sleep 6 in a suite. Bathrooms are quite small but very nice. Fantastic location near the subway or only a 25 minute walk to Times Square straight down Broadway. Having supermarkets across the road is very handy and you feel like you are part of the action as opposed to being a tourist!!! Love this place and can not wait to come back  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>peter4321
<Content>Yeah, its OK Stayed here in Feb 2005. The best thing about this hotel is its location. Walking distance to Central Park and the subway nearby and its in a nice area. The worst thing was the lifts (elevators) there are only 3 to serve 20 something floors. Trying to go down in the morning, every lift that came was full of people from upper floors. So try to get a high up room and get on first or a low down room so you can use the stairs.Staff OK. Rooms are good. We chose it because of the kitchenette. Having a fridge and microwave on holiday is just great. There are supermarkets opposite and good places to eat in easy walking distance.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay We (a large group of students) just stayed there and as the group leader I must admit everything was great we tried the patience of housekeeping and the frontdesk with multiple requests and all were met with a smile. The rooms were large, clean and the kitchens were a God send. Go to Hotel Beacon you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roach Motel! I chose the Beacon Hotel after days of researching where to stay in New York City for my one night personal extension from a business trip in December 2004. Not only did the reviews from this site give it a thumb's up, but also various travel publications as well. I will say the location of the property is very good, with it's walking distance to the subway and to Central Park. The lobby is also presentable, but small. The problem I had was as soon as I got off the elevator, the halls were musty, ugly and very run down. I knew I was not in for a treat when I got to my assigned room. When arriving outside the door to the room, the door handle was broken and therefore, the key did not work. Not a good sign. Having to go back to the front desk for another room assignment, I was given a new room on the same floor - oh joy!Upon entering the room, it was what I expected after seeing the condition of the hallway. The room was rundown and dowdy. The size of the room was adequate, but the bathroom was small. Some may rate this hotel with high marks due to the kitchenette in every room. I learned a lesson that in the future I will never stay in rooms with kitchenettes due to what kind of visitors it attracts.After spending one sleepless night, I woke in the morning only to find roaches in the room and bathroom. They were on the table, the chair, the bathroom floor and sink! I totally freaked out that they were in my opened luggage. After a quick exit, I got out of that room as soon as I could as I was totally disgusted!Needing a ride to LaGuardia airport, I asked the concierge for assistance. They were too busy helping others obtain rides that they contracted and told me my best bet was catching a cab. Not only did they not help me hail a cab, but told me I should go across the street since most cabs were on that side of the road during that time of day. Not only was it pouring rain, I had two suitcases to handle. Gee, thanks for the warm send off.After this trip, I vowed not only to stay away from the Beacon Hotel, but to never stay in a hotel that has a kitchenette!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkatrack
<Content>Absoultely Fine My wife and I and 11 year old daughter were lucky enough to get a room for the Wednesday before Thangiving Day Parade (2004). This hotel is absolutely fine and we recommend it, especially for its value and location. Somone said it was a little dated and perhaps so, but it was not run down by any means, not at all. Everything was clean. Plus the rooms have a refrigerator and microwave which is a teriffic advantage, especially for leftovers. And the rooms may be a bit larger than most other hotels in their class because they are converted apartments, I believe. (So, maybe not so dated after all). The location is excellent. For the parade, just a few blocks away from Central Park West (but get on the parade route by 6 AM to stake out your spot) and the Upper West Side is a great location, for walking, eating (and grazing). And you don't have to spend a fortune to eat in NYC. For example, there are several upper crust places for breakfast, brunch, etc.in the general neighborhood, such as Sarabeth's and Good Enough to Eat. But, also nearby (on 78th and Amsterdam) is a diner called Shining Star. We just had breakfast food and is was excellent on all accounts. Pancakes for $3.95--you can't beat that anywhere in the USA much less the Upper West Side. And they are open 24 hours, a full fledged diner. Plus. it may not be as fashionable as some of their neighbors, but it's still a place where neighborhood folks go, so you get plenty of NYC flavor too. Don't overlook this place. Also for cheap eats in the surrounding area: Fairway supermarket (and Cittarella's) are just across the street, an excellent Greek/Meditteranean place (Nikos is a few blocks away, and Zabar's (a NYC institution) at 80th and Broadway, both the corner cafe and the supermarket, with excellent appetizing counter and also prepared foods to go, fairly priced. And for great pastry try Le Pain Quotidien at 76th and Amsterdam, or 72nd and Columbus and, fantastic bakery at 90th and Broadway (Georgine's ???). As an alternative to Beacon Hotel, check out The Lucerne at 79th and Amsterdam (I posted a review there too). Both are excellent choices and values. Beacon rooms are a bit bigger and have the advantage of a refrigerator and microwave; Lucerne may be perceived as a step up in some guidebooks, but maybe only a fraction of a step (but no fridge). You'll do fine at either. Final note re. Beacon--I left my cell phone charger there. I called up, they located it and sent it back to me by Fed Ex--at no cost to me. That was nice and is representative of their hospitality.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thundergirl
<Content>Adequate Accomodations I stayed at the Hotel Beacon last September and it was a economical choice in a safe neighborhood (important for a woman traveling alone). Although lacking any real style, the rooms and bathrooms were clean and large (for New York) and the kitchenette was nice. It's very close to the subways, Central Park, Lincoln center and lots of good shopping. Another plus is that they offer discounted day passes to an adjacent health club. That said, it was not the quietest hotel. Garbage trucks on the side street woke me up at 3 or 4 am. All in all, it's still a good value.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beacon Hotel lived up to its reputation My teenage daughter and I have just returned from a week's stay in a suite on level 17 of the Beacon Hotel (6-13 January 2005). Our rooms were large, well maintained and clean, although the hotel wins no awards for style! Located on Broadway it was fantastic to have an excellent 24/7 gourmet deli right across the road (The Fairway). The grocery store has a wonderful selection of fresh fruit, vegetables, pasta, bread as well as a wide range of general groceries. The ability to prepare a simple evening meal after a busy day of being good tourists was invaluable. The laundry located in the building was also a bonus. The Beacon is located close to a subway station and is within walking distance to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. Hotel staff were ok although a gift delivered to me before I arrived was mislaid and no one wanted to claim liability for it going missing. We would stay here again and recommend it to practical travellers looking for convenience, location and sound value for money.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DutchGuyLoves2Travel
<Content>Good value for money We were staying for 4 nights in this hotel the week before Christmas 2004.To New York standards the room we had in Hotel Beacon was very big. We were located at the 14th floor and had 2 queen sized beds. We had a small kitchen including a good microwave. The room was clean, that's what important to us. The room could be a bit more modern and we like a shower separated from the bath, but everything worked fine (like t.v., airconditioning, heater). The hotel is relatively cheap and well located (5 minutes walk to Central Park, 5 minutes walk + 5 minutes underground and you're on 42nd street). Free newspaper every morning. If we ever go back to New York City (oh yes, we will...) this will be our hotel again. Tip: Sushi all you can eat for 20 Dollar at 3 minutes walking distance!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lucaerrante
<Content>Excellent choice Stayed two nights in January 2005. I had an extremely quiet apartment (bedroom and lounge, with a tv set in each room) on the 9th floor, very large for new york standards. There's no restaurant, ok, but I still believe this is one of the best choices in nyc, considering the prices and the neighborhood.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amy417
<Content>Great location and space...a little dated The Hotel Beacon is located in a great location in New York, right in the Upper West Side, close to lots of great restaurants, sites and shopping. The rooms are HUGE by New York standards - 4 times the size of a room I stayed in at the W. We stayed on the 19th floor, with a view of a gorgeous, old building that made us feel like we were in Europe when we looked out the window! The biggest downside is that the furniture is somewhat old and dated, so your stay doesn't seem so luxurious. But, for a family with kids - who need the kitchenette - it's a great choice.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>derbaronz
<Content>Great stay We stayed at the Beacon last year in September for 6 nights.The room was as descriped. Location is also very good - 300m to the next metro station.We booked the hotel through our local travel office and payed 86 鈧?for the room which was cheap in comparsion to other hotels in NY.Nereby you'll find excellent coffee shops and all you need for your stay. If we will go to NY the next time we will book again the Beacon.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>silk1231
<Content>It was great, but... I stayed from December 13 for 6 nights. Upper West Side is great, the hotel is in the very nice location. I could relax. But on final day , I got call from reception. A woman staff said to me  You have to come to the reception and you should check out ! . I said  I am going to check out tomorrow. But she said  No. So I said  I have a confirmation e-mail . Then she said Wait a minutes.............OK, you'll check out tomorrow. Thank you. She never apologized. I should have asked her name. I suggest you please keep your confirmation.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rjtyrell
<Content>Above average Stayed from 6th jan till the 10th jan 05, used this site to originally find a hotel as read some quiet bad reviews of some very expensive hotels.The hotel room was very spacious, just as their website showed with two double beds. We stayed on the 8th floor overlooking broadway, wasn't that noisy, and I am a light sleeper and I slept very well.Hotel was very clean, the room had a few bits that could have done with a new coat of paint, but it was only used as a base camp. so didn't bother me.The small kitchen did come in very handy as did the array of restaurants nearby.Reception were friendly and very nice in arranging a taxi for an early morning pickup.I its a bout a 20 minute walk to the top of 5th avenue, but the subway is only three blocks down.I would recommand the beacon, spacious and clean what else do you need?  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simba101
<Content>Highly recommended We were staying at the Beacon December 26 until January 2 and can really recommend staying here. We were following reviews of the Beacon online and in travel books about 18 months ago when we started planning our trip and I must say I was not always sure if we have made the correct choice when we booked our stay in January last year. We were, however, duly impressed with the Beacon. We stayed in a room on the 21st floor with lovely views over Central Park. Our room was clean when we arrived and serviced daily and all the people at the Beacon were always friendly and helpful. We found the rates to be affordable for a family of 4, even for South Africans with an exchange rate of R6 per $. The best feature of the Beacon is its location, close to excellent food markets, the subway and bus routes (even a 24 hour pharmacy about one block down when you need it). H  H Bagels (we think with the best bagels in NY) are about 4 blocks away and definitely worth the 5 minutes walk. We can therefore highly recommend staying at the Beacon.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cathy1959
<Content>Unimaginable find! Read the reviews but was skeptical. Was not disappointed. We stayed for nine nights from 12/24-1/2. The room (one room suite) was huge by New York standards. As a family we were more than comfortable. Had room to have friends over for wine and cheese in the living room while kids hung out in the bedroom and watched a movie. Kitchenette was perfect for staples. Area is very convenient to subway, central park, museums, gourmet shops, restaurants..anyway you need! We will be back for sure!! Lobby is redecorated and beautiful. Staff was very professional and pleasant. Great find in NYC! Great price.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DaisyPat
<Content>Hotel Beacon - great Stayed in the Hotel Beacon for six nights with my sister and daughter in early December and couldn't fault the hotel. Especially the consierge the young feller was so helpful and nothing was ever too much trouble, The supermarket across the road was great, especially upstairs where we had breakfast (best ever) and the Manhattan Diner up the road had such good cheese cake (to die for) Super position and super hotel - would definitely stay there again and recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jokuhama
<Content>Hotel Beacon - Fulfilled Expectations! Reading TripAdvisor comments before booking our hotel reservations provided very good insight on the establishment. However a few of the negative comments adds a question mark that stays in the back of your mind. As we were arriving at the hotel, I was a little apprehensive. But as we entered the small but very nice lobby area, any doubt left my mind. The lobby area looked like it had been renovated and was nice and clean. The 3 elevators were small and rustic, but expected from an older building. The hotel rooms were as described by most of the other TripAdvisor comments: suites were large with full kitchenette, two large TV's, temperature control AC, cable channels, etc. The only negative thing about the room is that the carpet should be changed - it was worn out. The restaurant (Viand) located next door to the hotel lobby entrance had a comprehensive menu and good food, and was very faily priced considering it is quasi connected to the hotel.The hotel is conveniently located just 1 short block from the subway, which is not hard to navigate if you study the subway maps and map out your journey beforehand (if Hawaii people can use the subway, anyone can). The neighborhood is very comfortable with a lot of good restaurants, two gourmet type grocery stores and other specialty stores within walking distance. We felt pretty safe walking the streets at night and riding the subways.Our excellent rating is not because the Hotel Beacon is a four star hotel but based on the price, location, neighborhood and accomodations, it was excellent experience. We would definitely stay at the Hotel Beacon again!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimpleWeeble
<Content>Great Neighborhood. Great size room for the price that we paid. Stayed at the Hudson on our last trip and Hotel Beacon's room was about 3 times the size! It was nice to be able to walk around in the room and use the kitchen. Rooms were quiet. Neighborhood is great. Not touristy like Times Square, we could actually enjoy a nice stroll to the many shops and the museums are a few blocks away. Dozens of restaraunts to choose from. Some serve until 11pm or are 24 hours. Don't worry about walking back to the hotel late, we felt safe strolling around at midnight. Easy access to the Subway which we used daily. Will stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>roaches in my room I stayed at the beacon on november 30 and december 1. I will say that for the most part the room was just as I had read, very large and clean. However, my second day there I saw roaches in the kitchen area. Needless to say I was more than perturbed. Also, the bathtub drain didnt retain water. So I just showered. The neighborhood was great but I didnt spend almost $200 a night to have roaches.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, such big rooms! We stayed here from 29 Nov to 2 Dec and were delighted with the hotel. We were booked into one of their suites and it was HUGE! twin double beds in the bedroom along with tv with cable, 3 walk in wardrobes, huge living room with tv  cable, small kitchenette with pots pans and utensils etc. The suite was gorgeous, we were so delighted. staff very friendly too. the location uptown was great in that it was quite quiet but was a $20 taxi ride to downtown Manhattan. We didnt mind but could work out pretty pricey depending on what you are doing in town. Lots of cafes and restaurants nearby. the cafe attached to the hotel was great, lovely breakfast and superfast room service! Would definitely consider staying here again on our next trip.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dorkzilla4cats
<Content>Great deal, great neighborhood! Want to feel like a real New Yorker? As an ex-pat NYer living in LA, I can honestly say that you couldnt get a better feel for what living in New york is really like! The hotel, situated right next door to the Beacon Theater, is centrally located in the Upper West Side. Its an easy walk to Lincoln Center, and there are a ton of great restaurants in the area. The subway is just 3 short blocks away so you are virtually within minutes of anywhere in the city. The hotel itself is clean and friendly, and my room was huge by New York standards, especially for the $160 rate I got. Each unit comes complete with a small kitchen which has a small stove, microwave and fridge, plus frying pans and utensils so you can take a few meals in if need be. The staff was pleasant, and the consierge was very helpful in getting cheap ($19!) transportation back to JFK in the middle of a terrible rainstorm. Will definitely go back!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pierre1999
<Content>Hotel Beacon good deal for the money Having travelled quite a bit to NYC, I have stayed at many different places. Hotel Beacon had to be one of the cleanest, nicest places for the money. the kind size bed was comfortable, the room impeccably clean, including the bathroom. The only gripe was an electronic lock that kept locking me out, but they tried unsuccessfully to remedy. Overall, great location, close to subway, and many good restaurants!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hm60
<Content>Recommended I stayed at the Beacon for the first time earlier this month, and was favourably impressed. After some initial check-in problems (they did not have my Travelocity reservation...something about the hotel changing over to a new reservation system), I was able to get the room of my choice. Housekeeping was efficient and polite, and the room and furnishings were clean and comfortable. Having a kitchen equipped with a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, kettle and toaster, as well as plates/cutlery, came in very handy. A few drawbacks worth bearing in mind: The walls are very thin...you are likely to hear your neighbours talking in the room next door, to say nothing of partying. Also, your neighbour may be a long-term resident of the hotel. There are still a number of these left. No problems encountered, but be prepared for possible cooking smells. Finally, housekeeping is using a very unpleasant orange-scented disinfectant in the rooms. I heard at least one new guest asked to be moved because of it. (Her request was politely accomodated by desk staff). Fortunately, the windows can be opened to air out the room if necessary. I asked housekeeping not to use it during my stay and they did not. All in all, I would strongly recommend the Beacon, and plan on staying there for my next visit.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>egpx
<Content>A Gem of a Hotel Taking the kids to New York? Don't look further than the Beacon for your accommodation. A one bedroom suite was more than ample for our family of mum, dad, a fifteen year old and an eleven year old. It cost us $225 per night plus taxes, a bargain when you consider we would have needed two rooms at a 'normal' hotel. Not only that, the Beacon is situated in a residential area just a few minutes from downtown and near a subway station if you don't fancy a walk. There are supermarkets, shops, cinemas and good, reasonably priced restraunts nearby to make you feel as though you are seeing the real New York, not just the touristy bit. The hotel is clean, the staff are pleasant and the much discussed lobby work was just being completed as we left - what more can you ask?  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy Home Away From Home I visit New York City three to four times a year and always stay at the Beacon. You will feel like you are in a NYC apartment. Having the awesome Fairway market right across the street is great since all the rooms have kitchens. GREAT home away from home.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StillTravelling
<Content>Extremely satisfied customer!! On our first trip to NY in October 2004, my husband  I and four other friends could not have been more pleased with our choice of accommodation at the Hotel Beacon. The rooms were spacious, very clean and quiet. The location is fantastic, close to the subway, supermarket across the street, great restaurants nearby, short stroll to Central Park and transport. Close, but not too close, to the hussle and bussle of downtown. Service was excellent and staff on the front desk very helpful  friendly. Would highly recommend this hotel. Thank you Trip Advisor for for such a helpful site which we reviewed prior to booking this hotel!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alikay61
<Content>Great value and location Have just returned from NYC, where our family (2 adults, 3 teenagers) had a great holiday staying in the Beacon. The 1 bedroom suites are brilliant-2 big double beds in bedroom plus a dbl sofabed in lounge with fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. The location is excellent-short walk to subway, and buses running up  down Broadway stop outside every 5-10 mins. Quick walk to the museums and Central Park. Very good value for money for families-we paid $225 per night plus taxes.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kelster
<Content>Outstanding and good service! The Hotel Beacon was outstanding! The area is great and you get a feel for what it might be like to live in NYC. It's much better then staying in the overcrowded touristy hotels. We only did breakfast in our rooms, otherwise only slept there. The suite was clean, classy and roomy! Suggest having brunch (but always a line) at SaraBeths. It's a fun area to walk around. Took Taxi's most of the time unless we went further away. Close to many of the Broadway shows $7.00 Taxi ride. Hairspray was good and The Producers was ok. Good acting and staging in both.If anyone is going Halloween weekend the Beleveder Castle in Central Park is having a party!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel Booked into the Beacon, after reading favourable reviews. What a find. Beautiful suite, with full kitchen. excellent staff, nothing was too much trouble. The best location, opposite the Fairway grocery store, subway a short walk away. Felt very safe in the area, with lots of excellent shopping and restaurants nearby.The Beacon and New York the best part of our trip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..We'll be back.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good ole Beacon The Beacon has become our home away from home when we visit New York. It is consistently reliable and reasonably priced. The rooms are large (by New York standards), the suites are almost palatial. Decor is understated and simple. the staff is EXCELLENT, patient, helpful and always pleasant. Rooms are spotless. Great location-lively neighborhood, subway right down the street.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedFratt
<Content>Loved The Beacon This place was awesome, it's like a home away from home. The rooms are spacious extremely clean and the staff were the greatest. They are renovating the lobby and it's looking beatiful now, I wish I could have seen the finished product. I'll have to wait until our next visit there  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beacon is Excellent Value Stayed here in October 2004 on a long weekend, having read favourable reviews on this site. Not at all dissapointed! Very helpful staff, spacious rooms, kitchen a real bonus. Very well positioned for subway and local delis, restaurants, shops all v good. Mum was travelling with me and couldn't believe I was telling her the truth on how much it cost to stay there! (good deals available online).  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Very good place to stay, well situated, helpful staff, large rooms with the addition of a little kitchen. Stayed for seven nights in September and would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chissis
<Content>Perfect home away from home Several friends from around the country met in New York from September 16th through 21st. Three of us stayed at the Hotel Beacon, and we couldn't have been happier. We had a suite with two double beds and a hide a bed in the livingroom. There were two very nice size closets, one in the bedroom and one in the hall. Both the bedroom and the living room were large with wonderful views overlooking the Hudson River. The kitchenette had a stove, oven, toaster, coffee pot, microwave and apartment size refrigerator, as well as cups, plates, utinsels, and dish towels. The bathroom was nicely appointed, and the rooms were clean and fresh. We called for extra towels (women, you know need a lot of towels) and they were quickly brought up. There was no noise between rooms at all, you couldn't tell there was anyone else on the floor. We requested non-smoking, and the room was truly that - no old smoke odors at all, in fact none in the hall either.The elevators were clean and fast, and the staff was very nice and courteous. We couldn't have asked for a nicer place from which to venture out - The Beacon is close to everything - subway, shops, restaurant, park, and historic buildings, and it truly was a home away from home. We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vanessa_S1977
<Content>Fantastic This is my second visit here (first in 2001). I cannot fault Hotel Beacon. The first time we stayed here we had a suite, this time we had a standard room. They were clean and everything was in working order. Unfortunately the walls are a bit thin and our neighbours tended to stay up late talking rather loud.Location is great. Walked to Times Square. Supermarkets are across the road and very handy. Had breakfast only once at the attached restaurant downstairs.For an authentic NY cheesecake, I recommend the Manhattan Diner just down the road (I think on W78th). It's to die for.I highly recommend staying here. I will do so in the future when we next return to New York.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great ! Stayed in early May 04 and out of the 4 hotels we stayed in in New York ( Broadway Inn, Red Roof Inn and the Salisbury) this really was the best for value, location, cleanliness, friendliness, safety. Interestingly enough I got a better rate from the tourist office than via their own website. Lobby was being renovated whilst we were there ( can't believe reading other reviews that it was not finished in August) but that didn't hinder us. Only other thing I would have liked would have been a sitting area and perhaps the option of breakfast in house.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in October 2003 and had a wonderful time. The location was great, far from midtown, at the same time easily reached by bus and subway (we had an express stop!). There was the Fairways market in front, which closed very late every night, the Starbucks in the corner and a pleasant neighbourhood to walk, shop and dine. And the Central Park!!Our room was clean and nicelly furnished, with 2 queen beds and a lot of space. There was also a kitchenette very funtional. We will be back!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel Beacon We just returned from a long weekend at the Hotel Beacon with our two small children. That hotel is the perfect choice for travelling with children. The spacious suites give everyone their space and the kitchen is very handy. It's great to stay in an area that is an actual neighborhood with real people living in it--great grocery stores, neighborhood restaurants, etc. It's also a quick 3 block walk to the subway. For the money, the Hotel Beacon is a great deal. We'll stay there everytime.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit run down, but great location We spent 3 nights at the Beacon in June 2004 and found it a bit more run down than at our last visit in 2001. The furniture and carpeting are shabby and the A/C in one of the rooms did not work. The bathroom, however, was nice and bright and seemed to have been renovated recently. Like the last time, we had a suite and found that the quality of the equipment in the kitchenette had also gone down. But perhaps help is on the way: Major renovation work was going on in the reception area during our stay -- hopefully those efforts will expand to the rest of the hotel.These shortcomings are compensated for by the hotel's excellent location on the Upper West Side, 3 blocks from the 72 Street subway station. There is a wonderful market across the street (Fairway) where we bought terrific breakfast and take-out dinner items to save on restaurant expenses. Rooms facing the street have a noise level that can be expected in a big city, but be aware that also rooms facing the courtyard are noisy when there are concerts at the adjacent Beacon Theater.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing special but a good, hotel Stayed in the Beacon four nights july 04. The lobby is currently being renovated.I found no problems with this hotel - its in a great location on the Upper West side, convenient to transport and shopping.Our room was of a good size and the kitchenette allowed us to save on the cost of breakfast. Rooms are clean and in good condition. Furnishing is nothing special - a bit bland but i guess they have to cater to many varied tastes.No health club in-house but you can use the club one door down.If you can get this for a good price then you're unlikely to be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet but handy for sightseeing Travelled to NY in November 2000 as a special treat for the Millenium. Hotel Beacon was a comfortable haven to return to after an exhausting days sightseeing. With the self catering facilities, the 24 hour Market opposite and being situated on Broadway it was an ideal location. Will certainly return someday.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beacon is great June 21, 2004. The stay at the Beacon was great. The location is ideal for first time visitors to New York. Close to transportations, resturants, grocers, and main attractions. The hotel services and staff were adequate and friendly. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. This proved to be a safe and comfortable location. This will be the hotel of choice and highly recommened.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Safe, clean, spectacular view I was in a suite on the 20th floor, at the southernmost tip of the hotel. Illness kept me indoors at night. But the view of the Ansonia looking west across Broadway--turrets, gargoyles, chimneys, etc.--was spectacular. There were also windows looking downtown along Columbus, Amsterdam and Broadway--the cityscape continued at least to Herald Square. The room decor was uninspired, but clean. Housekeeping excellent, staff friendly and professional. If you love the upper west side or are lucky enough to afford a suite with a view like this, you can't do better for the price.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TG73
<Content>Great location  I stayed at the Hotel Beacon for a week in early June 2004 with my husband and 2 friends. We had a quad share room and it had ample space for 4 people. Kitchenette was really helpful. Great location opposite 24 food market. Loads of fantastic restaurants around the hotel. Very close to subway stations. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beacon Hotel, a little treasure My daughter selected the Beacon as our home away from home for the 8 days we visited NYC. The hotel is perfectly located - close to the subway, close to Central Park and the museums, and close to food stores. The kitchenette in the room meant we could have our morning coffee and rolls in our pj's while we planned the day's activities. The hotel is clean, staff is friendly and helpful. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent - will stay again This was a great choice, which I decided on after reading other reviews on this site. My husband and I, and our two young children (4 and 1) stayed at the Hotel Beacon for 5 nights. The kitchen-ette with a stove, microwave, refrigerator and even dishes was great - especially with a huge grocery store across the steet. The staff was very friendly and even accomodated us with a late check-out. They have a small computer lab with internet access and printers. You can buy tickets for various attractions and even subway passes at the desk. Less than a block from the subway and very easy to hail a cab. A couple blocks from Central Park, an easy walk to the Natural History Museum and only a couple blocks from a children's museum. Wil most definitely stay at the Beacon again!!!!! Excellent experience at a great price. Look on the net for prices at a steal...especially for a NYC hotel!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4day trip to NYC We found NYC. to be friendly and busy. The hotel Beacon was great. It was both friendly and located in a great area. grocery store across the street, also a bank, and starbucks.Central Park only a few blocks away and the same is true for good restuarants found along Columbus Ave.The NYC subway was close and was easy to navigate. We enjoyed it all  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the budget traveler I typically frequent hostels, since I travel alone and have a limited budget. This time, I decided to upgrade, and I wasn't disappointed. Definitely not a first-class hotel, but if you're looking for a comfortable room in a great location, then the Beacon is perfect. Affordably priced with all the right accomodations. The kitchenette was great to have! Plenty of room, the A/C never failed, and the bathrooms are very clean. Furnishings were worn, but acceptable. The windows seemed thin--they were closed during my stay, yet I could still hear plenty of street noise. Fun location, although the subway was a little far for me in 90% humidity. It's not right around the corner, but if the heat and a little legwork doesn't bother you, it's plenty close enough. Great places to eat and shop nearby, and seemed quite safe. Whenever I'm looking to save, I will definitely return!   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beacon Hotel: the scoop great manhattan location: 1/2 blk from subway, full service supermarket across the street. Clean 2 star quality (motel6 like) rooms. Kitchenette is tiny but super convenient.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great! Great hotel for New York city. We stayed in a suite with double beds. Large rooms, very comfortable for 3 adults and one child. Transortation was easy with the subway station only a few blocks away. The beds were a little lumpy but that was our only complaint! I will definteley stay here again.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad WHEN: Stayed May 7-12. Two adults.ROOM: Guestroom with double beds and kitchenetteFIRST IMPRESSION: Room isn't your upscale type of hotel room but it isn't your Motel 6 either. It definitely is bigger than your budget NYC hotel room. Good size for the price. Didn't have a view but faced the sidestreet; didn't have any noise from the street like I've read. We slept well through the nights. Perhaps the rooms facing Broadway Avenue may have had more noise? The carpet looked a bit dingy. The beds were comfortable; firm. Small table with two chairs provided. Dresser with two larger drawers. TV with cable. Shades that you could roll up or down by simply pulling on a cord. AC worked well. Alarm clock available. Iron and board in small closet.KITCHENETTE: Microwave, electric stove, and small refrigerator. You also are provided with plates and utensils for four people. We made ourselves breakfast burritos each morning! In addition there is a nonstick pan, a couple of serving utensils, and a toaster! BATHROOM: Very small. Bathtub/shower combo. Not too much counterspace. Toilet with strong flush.STAFF: Not overly friendly but then we're not ones to ask for a lot and complain.LOCATION: Upper West SideHOTEL BEACON NEIGHBORS: Fairway Market is right across the street and closes at 130am. You can get fruit, eggs, various meat, etc. If you're more interested in gourmet type groceries then you can head uptown to Zabar's which is about 7 blocks away (80th Street). Starbucks is practically next door on the right. Vivaldi cafe is literally next to the entrance. TRANSPORTATION: **SUBWAY**About a block and half from the subway, 2 minute walk; 72nd Street stop to be exact. Jump on the Red 1, 2, 3, or 9 line and that'll take you straight to Battery Park (South Ferry stop) if you go downtown with various stops such as Times Square and Columbus Circle (Central Park). **TAXI**Easy to hail a cab as soon as you step out on the sidewalk. RENOVATION: They are currently having some work done to update their really small lobby. Should be complete by midsummer. Noise is not bothersome. We were out all day and only really just pass through the lobby so the work being done was not a nuisance. They do have fairly quick elevators (3). **All in all, we would consider staying here again on our next visit although we would also consider trying out another more upscale hotel such as the Marriott or Sheraton just to see what a regular hotel room in this type of hotel would be like. But only if the price is right. Hope this helped. Post any questions as I regularly review this site.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location The Hotel Beacon was at a great location! We loved the neighborhood and the ease of getting on the subway. The grocery store across the street was an excellent bonus. The room had a kitchenette and we would fill the refridgerator with food. We didn't get a great view but who spends all their time looking out the window. The Beacon has a laundry room which we used and we were very pleased. The staff were helpful and friendly. We had nothing to complain about. Next time I am in New York, the Beacon is where I will stay.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gardgal
<Content>We will be back! Just returned from 6 nights at the Beacon (May 1-7, 2004). Our room was a GIGANTIC deluxe king room with kitchenette. It was very handy to have fridge and microwave for restaurant leftovers. The stove burners shorted out at times, but worked well enough for our purposes. No view, but they offered to move us to a view room when it came available next day. The room was very clean and quiet except during concerts at the Beacon Theater directly underneath us.The price was 1/3 less than a kitchenette suite in the Doubletree Times Square, with a much nicer neighborhood and ambience. Friendly concierge, outstanding location with museums, shops, Central Park, and cafes in walking distance. The rest of New York easily reached by subway. We got 7 Day Unlimited Metro Cards for $21 and rode all over. We have visited the city many times before, but never overnight. We did a lot, but missed a lot and will be back to the Beacon for more.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel  This hotel is a true find, especially for wheelchair users and disabled travelers. Upon arrival, a separate entrance then a ramp lead you to the front desk. The staff is courteous and thoughtful.The room we had was a one bedroom suite, and it was hands-down the most wheelchair accessible hotel room we've ever stayed in.The bathroom featured marble floors and roll-in shower, a bath chair is available in the hall closet. The kitchenette was obviously recently renovated with marble floors, brand-new cabinets, full-sized fridge, as well as a microwave, coffee maker and mini-stove. Pots, pans, plates and silverware are all there. Just pick up some groceries and you're good to go for days. The kitchen and bathroom sinks are open underneath, no problem if you use a wheelchair.The nicely appointed living room featured a pull-out couch, kitchenette table, comfy chairs and coffee and end tables. The bedroom was more than adequately-sized, featuring a closet with lowered hanging area. Comfy pillows and soft blankets made for a restful night after touring Manhattan.All doors in the apartment (I call it that because it was bigger than some of our NY relatives' pads!) are extra-wide. The window shades are easily lowered and raised with a reachable pulley chain.Need anything? The concierge is helpful and at the ready. A gem on Broadway, the Hotel Beacon will be our home away from home when visiting Manhattan. Thanks to the staff and management for a wonderful stay.   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KSergey
<Content>Very comfortable and friendly hotel I like NYC very much, it's the most European like city in the US, and the Upper West Side with the Beacon Hotel is a charming part of NYC's atmosphere. The museums, cafes, restaurants, foodstores, travel agencies, boutiques, Central Park, subway stations, - just a step out of the hotel. I stayed at the Beacon - very comfortable hotel with friendly staff - for one week in July 2001. I'm planning to visit NYC this summer and to book a room at the Beacon Hotel again. I'm happy that almost three years after my previous stay the visitors of the TripAdvisor still rank the hotel very, very high. And surely it deserves that!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel Stayed in this hotel last week - can't say enough about it. The rooms were large  clean, staff friendly  efficient.As was expresssed by other reviewers, street was noisy - but this is New York so this is to be expected. We had intented to stay in the Broadway Plaza but cancelled our reservation - a lucky escape on our part! If you are going to NY, stay in the Beacon you will be pleased.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Charger_Fanatic
<Content>A real gem in a lively neighborhood! A wonderful stay. My wife and I just returned from a six night stay at The Beacon along with our two young boys as a special treat over their spring break from grade school. I'm pleased to report that it suited our needs very well. We selected this hotel on the strength of the many positive reviews we read on this website, and the favorable press is well-justified. The location is 75th and Broadway, and there are many amenities within the immediate area of the hotel: Grocery stores, pubs/bars, upscale eateries, family diners, budget fast food, drug and department stores--you name it. There are two subway stations within a short walk in opposite directions of the hotel, and you can get anywhere in Manhattan from there. The closet space is excellent, and the hotel, while not particuarly lavish, is certainly clean and well-managed. A minor negative is that we did hear some street noise even though we were on the 22nd floor, but then again that's pretty much par for the course in a city like NYC unless you're staying in some posh hotel. It wasn't so bad as to keep us awake, or anything of the sort. The simple fact is that this hotel a terrific choice for a family of four or less, particularly if young kids are in the picture. The kitchenette (complete with a stove and a good sized refrigerator/freezer) is a huge plus, and very hard to find in NYC hotels. We had breakfast in our room each morning, munching on all kinds of great stuff from the Fairway Market directly across the street. We wouldn't hesitate to stay at The Beacon again in the future. You could do MUCH worse.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we loved it we spent 8 great days in the Beacon last week. It was great ! First of all the hotel has an excellent position on Broadway, yet it was quiet and not noisy. Our room included a bedroom with 2 queen beds, a lounge with an opening sofa, a fully equipped kitchenette and a nice bathroom. The four of us had plenty of space. We were there with our twins and the hotel position is a few minutes walk from many kids attractions: central park, natural history museum, Manhattan's childrens museum and of course many gourmet pleasures from Zabar and Fairway to Mcdonald's. The only two things that could have been better are the plumbing (toilet) and the hotel's lobby that is under construction for the next few weeks. Otherwise we recommend it highly!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! What a nice little hotel! Immaculate, friendly, safe, and in a great neighbourhood. I loved the Beacon and I will make it my home base whenever I am in NYC in the future.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay It was a good idea to change our plans after having read tripadvisors reviews of the hotel we originally planned to stay at and change to Hotel Beacon for the same reason. We spent four nights from Jan. 27th, 2004 and found it exactly the nice and cosy spot it had been described. Fairways just opposite the hotel gives any opportunity to prepare breakfast, ready-to-cook-meals or any kind of cooking - if you really think you should bother for that while visiting marvelous N.Y. ...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel My stay at the Beacon was enjoyable. I loved the room, it was big! The concierge was extremely helpful, told me where to go to find the secret TKTS. I loved having a subway location nearby, we were on it constantly! Also, having the world class grocery store nearby gave it points on my list, especially since it was nice to come back to the room at the end of the day and eat supper in the room. I plan to go back and the Beacon is where I will stay!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beacon shines brightly on the Upper West Side A good friend told me about Hotel Beacon, and after reading all the other reviews, we booked for Dec. 21 to Dec. 27. From the moment we arrived until the bill was taken care of, we could not have had a more pleasant experience. The lobby was elegantly decorated for Christmas. The room was very comfortable (but admittedly, the beds were somewhat hard; nevertheless, we slept just fine), and having the kitchenette made life so much easier. Everything was kept sparkling clean throughout our stay-plenty of strong, hot water for baths...A booklet in the room gives suggestions on where to eat, and the places that we tried matched what was said. Good markets and stores all around, and having the subway all of a minute away was great. People who stayed at the hotel were friendly-maybe we all felt lucky to have a find or it could have been the holiday spirit? There were two concierges, both of whom were extremely conscientious and helpful. It's true there's street noise, but on the upper floors, it doesn't seem to be in evidence. A definite find.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base for NYC Nothing much to say that people havent put already! The hotel is has a great location, is well worth the money. The restaurants arent as expensive as Midtown areas can be, the subway is an express subway too with disabled lifts and operates all night, the 104 bus stops outside the hotel and there are 2 decent supermarkets (one is 24 hour) over the road.TIP: order takeout for Ollies noodles (or walk 8 block down broadway) great chinese food.The only negative point would be the size of room and the storage available, if you had 4 adults then you would find it cramped but then again I am only nitpicking.Would definately (and will definately) stop here again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This one's a keeper! Folks--you've got to check this one out. I had read the tripadvisor reviews about Hotel Beacon and they were so right on! My family and I (4 total) stayed in a one-bedroom suite that was indeed spacious, as indicated in many reviews. Comfortable living room for visitors, too. The accomodations were excellent (good condition, etc.) --kitchenette was a plus (equipped with basic kitchen needs), staff was friendly and attentive, etc. It's so close to the subway, markets, restaurants, Central Park, museums. Nice neighborhood. We plan to stay here whenever we head to NYC again! Very satisfied customers!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenniferLB65
<Content>Very comfortable hotel, good location My husband and I have just returned from New York, we stayed at the Beacon Hotel for 7 nights. It was excellent value and just a couple of minutes walk from the subway. The kitchenette was very handy for breakfast and supermarkets were just across the street. Lots of restaurants nearby. Our room was very comfortable and the in room safe was useful. I would definitely stay here again  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Isabell1960
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!!! My friend and I were in NYC with a bus tour on December 5-7. The Hotel Beacon was the first hotel we have ever stayed at right in the city. I cannot say enough of how wonderful it is! We were on the top floor, on a corner overlooking the most beautiful building, the Ansonia! Even though we were there during the blizzard, we had a fabulous time! The rooms are HUGE! And so comfy. There is a grocery right across the street, so we could make cocoa in our little kitchen. I would highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>couldn't be happier We were attending a wedding in NYC the day before Thanksgiving and were extremely pleased with the hotel. First of all, the location was perfect for our purposes, e.g. the reception at Tavern on the Green and the rehearsal dinner. Also, we could walk 3-4 blocks to the site of the inflation of the balloons which our 6 year old enjoyed. The neighborhood felt safe and had many restaurants and shops. The staff at the front desk was friendly and efficient. The one bedroom suite was clean and VERY spacious. The linens were clean. The bed comfortable. The handicapped accessible bathroom was newly renovated and easy to use for all (handicapped and otherwise). The in-room safe was most useful. The kitchen had full amenities and was very clean. Considering that most restaurants will deliver, the kitchen became an important feature. All of the other wedding guests enjoyed the hotel as well. No complaints as far as we know. I was surprised at the low room rate, $185.00/night for the 1 bedroom suite! We had stayed in the Sheraton Towers in the past and felt that Hotel Beacon was superior especially if you consider the price. We will definitely stay at this hotel again in future visits of which there will be many I'm sure.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spent 6 great nights from 26th november at the beacon have just spent 6 great nights at the beacon hotel with my daughter. Had a room on the 21st floor which was really comfortable and clean, and we had no noise from the street. The reception staff were extremely helpful and very friendly. The hotel is in an excellent position and right next to the subway from where you can get anywhere you want. I thoroughly recommend and this hotel and cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice. Our family of 4 stayed in a one-bedroom suite for 3 nights in August (leaving town just hours before the blackout!). We *really* liked the Beacon. The suite was huge, clean, and quiet. As much closet space than we have at home. The only knocks on it are petty -- the elevators are small and slow; you might have to wait 2 minutes for a ride. The lobby is small, but we don't spend much time sitting around lobbies. I second all the comments on the great neighborhood and its amenities. (Too bad they are booked during our next visit.) -Roger in Seattle-  
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coolcat
<Content>Great value for money!       Another view from our room  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sol640
<Content>grungy and mice-ridden We stayed at the Beacon because it got really great reviews on the web (see above...), but we were really disappointed. sure, the location is great, but nothing could make up for the fact that one night, when I was in my hotel room alone with my baby (!), I saw a mouse running across the room! They were nice enough about it and upgraded us to a suite, but I was freaked out for the rest of our stay. The fact that the rooms (both) were a bit on the grungy side did not help matters much. It may be time for a total renovation, guys.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelinpm
<Content>Great price for NY (especially this size of room) I stayed at the Hotel Beacon with my wife for a getaway weekend. The price was great for New York, especially for the size of room, which was fairly big. The neighbourhood is great - more human-scale than the Upper East. Food stores are close by (Citarella's is across the street) and you can keep it cold in the fridge or heat it in the microwave. Both appliances are provided. The plumbing is noisy however.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mainegad
<Content>Loved this hotel in NYC's most livable neighborhood My family stayed at the Beacon in September. The hotel had a lot to live up to. In past trips, we had stayed in the very nice Roger Smith Hotel in midtown. This time, we wanted to enjoy the more neighborhoody feel of the Upper West Side. The Beacon turned out to be a prize. The rooms in this former apt. house were comfortable and clean and fairly large. There was a small kitchenette with two-burner stove, half-size fridge and microwave. Dishes and cookware were available. The wonderful Fairway Market (groceries) was directly across the street from the hotel, making it very simple to find great food and cook in our room. Both HH Bagel and Zabars were right down the street. And the 72nd Street subway stop was about a two-minute walk from the hotel. The Upper West Side is a wonderful neighborhood, with a vibrant street-life. But it isn't quite as crazy as the Village or as sterile as midtown. We're definitely staying here again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L3ah
<Content>Perfect tourist hotel I stayed at Hotel Beacon for three nights in August. The lobby wasn't the most impressive sight on first arrival but the rooms are spacious, pleasant and well equipped. Compared to London hotels for the same money you get fantastic value. The little kitchen facility was very useful, very clean and the large supermarket across the road from the hotel meant it could be easily stocked. Transport links are fantastic with a subway station two minutes walk away which many of the main lines run through. I didn't have much contact with the staff except at reception where they were very helpful.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel beacon we stayed at the hotel beacon 2nd sept for 4 nights the suite we had was on the 7th floor it had a kitchen lounge and bedroom which was very nice the only problem was the noise from the street so we asked to be moved the staff were very helpful and we were moved to the 23rd floor within 1 hour we could still hear some noise but it was better the hotel is near central park many shops and close to the subway the staff were very helpful at all times and we returned on the last day of our holiday for 1 night very good value as four of us stayed in the suite and if we visit newyork again we would stay at the hote beacon thanks for a enjoyable stay  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oraczen
<Content>Good value for money Stayed 6 nights in August with my wife and 2 teenage boys in 1 bedroom suite.Very good neighbourhood with lots of places to eat / shop. 2 mins walk to subway and 10 mins into Times Square. Very close to Central Park.Very large rooms and huge closets but tiny bathroom 5 feet by 5 feet. All immaculateWe were originally on 15th floor at front of building but got a lot of noise from the supermarket opposite. Moved us to 20th floor at back which was much better although windows are not double glazed and you still get some noise.Air con worked well but a little noisy.Beds queen size and 'OK' as was sofa bed.The kitchen facility in the room is excellent.Staff very friendly and helpfulGood value for money at 200USD inc all taxesWe survived the NYK blackout !!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not at all what was expected After reading all the reviews on tripadvisor, we went down to NYC and checked into the beacon. the hotel is nothing short of a dump. The room smelled like a mixture of javex and bleach and after being in the room a mere 20 minutes, I ended up with about 6 bites, I still have no idea from what. Yes, the upper west side location is great but the rooms are far from it. As well, the bellboy was incredibly rude but the gentleman at the front desk was rather accomodating as we grabbed our bags and checked out immediatley, not even staying a night. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to feel like they are on a vacation.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Suebc
<Content>The Beacon shines What a perfect choice. My husband and I, together with our 3 grown-up children stayed in a one bedroom suite for 2 nights (July 28-29 2003). Aside from the fact that the Beacon was one of the few hotels which would accomodate all of us without having to book 2 rooms, we found the hotel suite to be clean and spacious and the service was great. It was excellent value for money. The location was ideal, just 3 blocks from Central Park, 1 block from the subway and across from the wonderful Fairways market. I would highly recommend the Beacon - it is a little gem on the upper West side.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beacon is an excellent choice Perfect experience at the Beacon. Stayed for three nights with three kids. Received a suite on the 22nd floor by request. Good views and good accomodations. Easy access to park, trains, $5 gym in basement, Starbucks next door, neighborhood restaurants are plenty. Great value and good job info from trip advisor.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection on the Upper West Side The Beacon was a perfect hotel. It was one block off the subway, across the street (literally!) from the Fairway Market, just a few blocks from Zabars, a few blocks from Central Park and incredibly comfortable. The room was pretty large by NYC standards with an effective air conditioning system and easy to use lights and TV. The bed was comfortable, the kitchenette was great and the bathroom was very clean and comfortable.I recommend asking for a room on one of the higher floors to enhance your view and decrease traffic noise. We were on the 14th floor and the traffic was not a problem at all. I cannot overemphasize the terrific location and ease of staying at the Beacon. I highly recommend it and will stay again the next time we're in NYC.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip My husband and I have stayed at the Hotel Beacon on two separate occasions. Both times we were very pleased with the accomodations, and the location of the room. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful with any question that we put to them. Jim Tracy, at the front desk, was very helpful. The housekeeping staff was courteous and very thorough. We love the location, near the park, and also only being a couple of blocks from the public transportation. We have recommended the hotel to our friends, and we will continue to do so. Thank you for a great stay, and we look forward to being with you again. Sincerely, Mr. and Mrs. A F Gelinas  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service, Spacious Rooms My first trip to NYC and I was prepared for what I had heard from friends about New Yorkers. I was absolutely WRONG! The Hotel Beacon staff went out of their way every day to make me feel welcome and were helpful in giving directions and locating theatre tickets. Don't stay anywhere else!! They have a kitchenette in every room and are right across the street from a market. You can't beat it!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Beacon: Worth far more than what I payed. Recently I had to fly into NYC for a small convention. I knew that my weekend would be free and I wanted to be closer to the culture of city. I really wanted to avoid the constant buzz and flash of Times Square, and the shuffling of money in the business and financial district. I finally chose the Hotel Beacon based on price and location. It's in a great location on the Upper West Side. They were offering a special on their one bedroom suites that I just couldn't pass up. It was well worth it because I had an excellent view of Central Park, a kitchen, and the rooms were quite large compared to most NYC hotels I have stayed in throughout the past. I had a one bedroom suite for only $180/nt and it had a kitchenette with all the dishes and everything I needed. I think the Beacon's regular rooms have kitchenettes too. I couldn't imagine being in a better location for what I needed. Just about everything I did while in the city I did it within a 10 block radius. I was right next to Lincoln Center, Museum of Natural History, Central Park, the Rose Center, and an abundance of food and entertainment for when the sun went down. The neighborhood felt very safe and the tree-lined streets were a very nice touch to top it off with. Overall, I couldnt imagine staying anywhere else in the city. However, my only complaint would be the lack of intrusive lights and sounds that used to interrupt my sleep before I found this place. I definitely expected to pay much more for such high ceilings, the marble bathroom, and all great staff. I'll definitely stay at the Beacon next time I am in New York  
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgirl031
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was excellent! I booked it for 4 nights based on reviews and I was not disappointed. It was very clean, roomy, and nicely decorated. They met my request for a room with a view. The room was on the 24th floor overlooking the Hudson River. I felt it was in an excellent location, close enough to all the action, but distant from all the noise. Also it was only two blocks from the subway. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeddyTexas
<Content>Nice, Nice, Nice       Outside the Beacon Hotel  
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the perfect Manhattan home   showReview(983557, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine old Hotel   showReview(930312, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our hotel in New York!   showReview(921726, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rrobinhhalk
<Content>The only place to stay!   showReview(919610, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!   showReview(848451, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value ~ Very Nice   showReview(846663, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(836668, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel   showReview(750603, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oronians
<Content>Great experience at Hotel Beacon   showReview(748966, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfect Upper West Side Location   showReview(682802, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okuda
<Content>銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷銇т究鍒╋紒   showReview(23282468, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>_Aki00
<Content>N.Y浣忋倱銇с倠姘楀垎銉笺兗锛撅季       銉熴儖銈儍銉併兂  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>timpetu
<Content>Beacon? Gerne immer wieder....   showReview(20820123, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>銉撱兗銉併偋
<Content>銈儍銉戙兗銈︺偍銈广儓銇揩閬┿儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20683612, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ALIARI
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo, ma attenzione: work in progress al 7 piano!   showReview(19705857, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>martcid
<Content>Encantador hotel del West Side.       vista del West Side  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NY銇揩閬┿儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19915184, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cosmo80
<Content>Eigene Wohnung in Manhattan!   showReview(18475723, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勶紒   showReview(19172105, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jaimelon
<Content>Limpio y c贸modo, ideal para familias       fachada  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娆″洖銈傛槸闈炴硦銇俱倞銇熴亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19167755, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Celestina73
<Content>Albergo in posizione strategica!!       La palestra di fronte - sopra Fairway  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儊銉嶃儍銉堛亴渚垮埄   showReview(19164020, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>thalassa0
<Content>Para vivir entre los neoyorquinos en su ambiente.   showReview(8614484, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傚揩閬┿仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19161504, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娆°伄姗熶細銇倐鏄潪浣裤亜銇熴亜   showReview(19161330, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tachatos
<Content>Gro脽e, saubere Zimmer, gute Gegend, etwas laut   showReview(7684506, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>claudus
<Content>Tr茅s bien   showReview(7673165, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屻仺銇︺倐銈堛亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19160830, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>martineToulouse
<Content>Bel h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(6899776, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈炲父銇厖瀹熴仐銇熸棩銆呫仹銇椼仧   showReview(19159040, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Schlauerdet
<Content>Ein wirklich empfehlenswertes Hotel, kommen sicher wieder !       Eingang des Hotels  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈炲父銇壇銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19157659, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wenn dieses Hotel gutes Personal h盲tte.........   showReview(4466921, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Home away from home   showReview(19155306, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闀锋湡婊炲湪銇渶閬?#x201d;   showReview(19155128, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娉娿伨銇ｃ仸姝ｈВ銇с仐銇?..   showReview(19928689, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€绨″崢銇偔銉冦儊銉充粯銇?..   showReview(19923078, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉戙兗銈︺偍銈广儓銇綅...   showReview(19919270, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐨嗐仌銈撱亴鏇搞亱銈屻仸銈嬮€?..   showReview(19919185, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

