<Author>frequenttraveler669
<Content>incorrect information incorrect information of hotel on their internetsite.-no working wifi on rooms, in lobby fixed pc ok but very slow.-no minibar in rooms-no safety deposit box in rooms-telephone not working-no airconditiong, apparently in summer cool air and in winter warm air through outlets told by management..-walking distance metro not 2 but 10 minutes.-rooms old, loose paintings. loose curtains etc.-free bottled water in hallway. only filled once a day and fridge empty very quickly. before 9pm.. no refills  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hardgrafter
<Content>Great hotel, salty water I was here on a business trip, and pleasantly surprised. Nice quiet location. The hotel is good value, and offers free wired internet and bottled water. There is a very good reason for this free water. The Barcelona water quality is terrible, and will be until the sea water desalination plant is in operation in about 2010. At the moment the water supply is salty and very hard hard. This explains the hardly working shower valves, and the complete inability to get a lather with soap - just a scum.The rooms are good, nice firm beds (to my taste anyway) and good LCD TV. The hotel restaurant is good quality and value.The access to rooms is quirky. You have to go to the basement, then walk 20m and go up in two small lifts to the rooms.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>highexpextations
<Content>Not a 4 Star Hotel       This is the dirty window looking out towards the air conditioning unit.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Garla
<Content>Dont' expect much We stayed at the Front Maritim Hotel from July 18-22 2008.Positives: - The hotel is right across from the beach. Very esy access to the wonderful beach, where you will find a mix of tourists and locals.- The hotel is about 8-10 minutes from Selva Del Mar metro which takes you to the city centre ie La Rambla. Very clean and safe to take even at night.- There is a Bus Turistico stop right around the corner from the hotel which is very important as you can use this to go into town if you have your ticket. One day pass 20 euro, 2 day for 26 euro. Get the 2 day pass, you will get to see much of what barca offers.- Free internet at reception.- Free bottle of water and sparkling water on each flloor, but was full around 6 pm. Good luck getting any water in the morning.- Hotel is close to Diagonal Mar shopping centre with restaurants and ZaraNegatives- It costs about 26 euro from the airport to the hotel. But the A1 bus ( 4.05 euro per person) runs from Placa Catalunya to the airport. You have to take the metro the rest of the way for like 1.30 euro each. You can thank me later. Seriously.- Hotel reception staff are cool as ice. Reception? what reception? they dont receive you - they just kinda stand there. Not welcoming at all. And I am not picky at all. Not courteous. Seem to be bothered to be doing their jobs. smiles are free.- Hotel staff tried to sell us a discount booklet for 3 euro when we asked them about the tickets for the Bus Turistico. People, do not be fooled, these coupons are free when you buy your ticket on the bus. What a scam they tried to pull!! my wife sniffed them out. Next time, you tell them you know they are ripping u off!!- Hotel is out of the city Centre. We walked to La Rambla for fun but it takes over 1 hour. use the metro.- Room is VERY small. no joke. bathroom is not as impressive as people make it sound. Shower was going from hot to cold all the time. - No mini-fridge in the room. Good luck keeping your free water cold. or anything else really.- Breakfast was nice but costs 14 euro per person. no way senor! go to cafe firenze around the corner.All in all, you can stay there only for the beach but dont expect much. For anything else, go elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	1	2	4	

<Author>taconsta
<Content>Ok choice, especially for a meeting at CCIB       Same window, different angle  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>hollybluebutterfly
<Content>Mixed feelings The hotel is modern and clean. The reception staff were pleasant but ineffective. We were a little disappointed to find the hotel was further out of the centre than we'd expected but this wasn't a great problem as we used the tourist bus which stopped just round the corner from the hotel. The rooms were good and the beds really comfortable. Unfortunately the floors were not carpeted and noise due to foot fall levels was high late at night and early in the morning. We did appreciate the bottled water which was available as you came out of the lift. We stayed at the hotel for 4 days and on two occasions our room hadn't been serviced by 16.30... when I rang reception they told me they'd been busy and did I want the matter reporting to the manager. I said I would and I'm still waiting for his response....We were told that the bar and catering had been franchised out - perhaps this explains the fact that although the bar is advertised as being open until 1pm it was near impossible to get a nightcap after 11.30... There was also a problem with breakfasts - they didn't always replace items that had run out ie butter, orange juice, coffee etc.I wouldn't recommend this hotel, but can't wait to go back to Barcolona.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Mr-Mrs-Scout
<Content>more minuses than pluses The hotel is very out of the way in a residential area, 10-15 mins from the metro and about 8 stops into the city. with little else than the beach, no bars/resturants really. But on the last night we found a shopping complex near the Hilton with lots of food places to eat so look out for it and far cheaper than in the city. (you cant see it from the road and there are no signs)The front of house staff at hotel quite surley and rude. We could not check in when we arrived so left our bag and went to have a drink on the beach, which is across the road, well two major motorway type roads across a bridge, the beaches are lovely and clean with toilets, showers and nice cafe/bars on each. Be aware tho a sunbed costs 5 euros! We went back 2 hrs later still unable to check in so waited in the bar, this had been 4 hours since we arrived, we are not ones to complain but the staff were down right rude and only after we complained they reluctently let us use the spa to shower and change, and were told they had no idea when the room would be ready, and shrugged their shoulders! so we went off into Barcelona.The food at the hotel was expensive and very dissapointing, the rooms very small, great bathroom and king size bed tho. for a four star hotel it lacks the added extas like a mini bar, good air-con, spacious rooms. No extractor fan in bathroom so impossible to do your hair and makeup if one of you in shower and no mirrors in the room, we ended up using the reflection in the telly if one of us were showering. No drawers only shelves in wardrobe and the suitcase only just fitted in the bottom. Two of you couldnt get around the bottom of the bed at once the room was so small.Our room was at the back so was quiet. It seemed mainly full of buisness people and the spa facilities wernt up to much, the sauna was the size of a cupboard and in my opnion very dangerous, i tried to use it only to burn myself on the coals and bang my head on the light, and the bench is far too high. It was clean tho with a nice changing room and shower.The tour bus stops around the corner which is a must, its a huge city, and quite expensive, think we'll go somewhere the euro isnt next time!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>princessdippy
<Content>21st Present My boyfriend and I spent a week in hotrel maritim for my 21st. It was a very basic hotel, the bathroom was beautiful but the rooms themselves were relatively small and the bed was really really uncomfortable. Also the walls were very thin so it was hard to sleep at night with two noisy neighbours. On the plus side the hotel was very clean and the blacked out curtain was great considering i love a lie in!!!! Food wise we loved staying by the port, check out a place called Mangos on the beach beautiful tapas and paella. Regarding the night life at the port it wasnt like crazy, alot of dancers for the guys and some for the girls too. Kennedys Irish pub made thee best sex on the beach cocktails ever, although they were almost ten euro a drink which was a bit expensive. I definatly recommend the bus tour takes you everywhere and is a great day out. The beach is beautiful aswell and is very wheelchair accessible which is something very hard to find. Regarding las ramblas it was good, we only went a few times and it depends really what you like but in all barcelona and the hotel was a very good break for people of all ages.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>jim2608
<Content>Good standard       Vall de Nuria  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aysh
<Content>Dirty bathrooms... We stayed in Hotel Front Maritim between 7-10.March. The place is located on the beach, which is a great location for summer but for the winter travelers it is far away from the city center. There is a slight chance to find a taxi in front of the hotel, so to go to La Rambla or Placa de Catalunya you should walk 10 min. to the metro station first. The rooms are very small, the bathroom was dirty. I had to ask them to clean it again... The breakfast is complimentary, but not very much choices. There is no mini bar in the rooms, instead there is a refrigerator on each floor and it is for free! Overall, If you expect more and want to be close to the city don't stay in Front Maritim.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>AntonFrance
<Content>I really didn't like this hotel......... There were one or two positives, but generally I didn't like this hotel.There were no bathtubs, only showers in the bathroom. The shower temperature kept going scalding hot whilst I used it - not pleasant.Beds were rock hard and seriously uncomfortable. The a/c did not work and the rooms were boiling hot. Not possible to open the window due to the noise of the traffic. The reception staff were very frosty and unwelcoming.The room doors slammed closed and were so noisy that I'd wake up with a start every time someone came in or out of their room on my floor. TV remote control did not work and no BBC World channel as promised. Plus points - free mineral water, beach location and blackout curtain in the room.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	-1	2	

<Author>rokengalan
<Content>Lovely hotel I stayed in the Hotel Front Maritim for one night only but what I remember about this hotel is an excellent experience. It is located on just opposite the beach. I loved the sidewalks and roadside trees round there, they were absolutely neat and clean. Later I found out that there is a bus stop nearer then metro station, and tourist bus stop a bit further. So it was convenient to get to city centre. But there is nothing to do around the hotel.The rooms are apart from the building that the reception is, I had to walk through basement to reach my room. Which means, with luggage, you have to use the elevators twice. But I really enjoyed drinking free bottles of water provided in the passageway. Room was perfectly clean, even if it seemed a little bit small. Bathroom was decorated well with a absolutely lovely shower.You have to be really careful, there were lamps stuck to the wall beside each bed for reading i think. After turing it on some time, when I touched it, I burnt my fingers. They are EXTREMELY HOT so do not try to move them at all.I could nearly see the wonderful beach from the window, the sun rising. Breakfast was literally great. The staff were not friendly but I didn't mind.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>DSwissK
<Content>Great quality/price ratio       What you can see from the window  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>mickandjos
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Poor location Really nice hotel with good breakfast but as we booked this as a last minute break we did not realise that this hotel is a long way from the city centre. You can get a bus from the back of the hotel which takes around 15 mins.The olympic port was around 30 minute walk away from the hotel or a 10 minute bus ride away, here there is a wide choice of resturants and a lovely beach.You can get on the tour bus too which will take you all round Barcelonas hot spots.We also visited the zoo which was brilliant and very cheap.Overall holiday was ok, just make sure you pack your walking shoes.We stayed for 4 days and had done most by the 3rd day so that on our last day we had to check out the hotel by noon and we had a night flight, we walked around a bit again but did get quite bored as we had seen everything that interested us, we did end up going to the airport 8 hours early for our flight.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellyseye_7
<Content>Good hotel good price Stayed at this hotel for one night 31/08/2007,small but nice room,great bathroom with lovely walk-in shower,free bottled water in the hallway was a nice touch,booked with Otel.com and got a good deal room for two with breakfast for 56 pounds , great location for a wonderful beach would definetley stay here again  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ClairedanesBarcelona
<Content>TOURIST TRAP - can't get a good night sleep I love Barcelona but we were VERY dissapointed with the hotel accomodation. You can hardly call it a 4 star hotel. The rooms are small and dated but most importantly the beds are very uncomfortable, the shower was broken. The road noise is unbearable. The hotel serves a very poor buffet breakfast (near the reception area!) ,that is not included in the price. The staff is arrogant and unhelpful. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LincolnshireHatters
<Content>Comfortable hotel in an ideal location This hotel was a good 3* overlooking the beach and close to the Marina, had its own parking and was a 2 minute walk to the tourist bus stop that travels around Barcelona.The rooms were spacious and gave you 4 pillows!!!. They were decorated well and had alovely shower. At Breakfast there was a good choice to suit everyone.A reasonable priced good hotel  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>shaan18
<Content>Terrible Hotel! We stayed at this hotel on the final 2 nights of our honeymoon. The so callled 4 star hotel had dirty sheets, stained blankets, and a bug in the shower. They don't even offer a comforter. On top of that that the staff is very rude when you ask for something. I looked at another room, only to find the same problems (stained sheets). We we were so disgusted we just stayed out all night on our 2nd night to avoid sleeping in those beds. Also note that the metro line at this hotel is down for the summer, there is a free shuttle bus (15 min walk) that takes you to the BarcaloNETA station (NOT CENTRAL BARCELONA). The bus takes a while though. Also service not available after 12 or 2am. Taxi is $$$. Only good thing was, it's right across the beach. PAY A BIT MORE AND stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	4	

<Author>markbbk
<Content>Clean and functional Family of four, stayed five nights in Barcelona. Clean functional hotel close to the beach. Close to a hugh shopping centre which has plenty of restauants. Ten minute walk to metro and then 15min to center of barca, hotel did not have much of an atmosphere, Small bar which closed at 12mn and bar staff spent most of the time serving in the restaurant, ie had to wait about 10min to get served. Good hotel to stay if you don't expect more from your hotel than a place to sleep. Also free bottled water to guests and two free computers for intrnet.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>worldtraveler518
<Content>Good hotel if you want to stay by beach       The hotel  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShonaArnside
<Content>Fab hotel!Good location! Stayed here for 3 nights in June 2007 and had a great time! Hotel is very clean, friendly and modern. It is right opposite the beach which was nice for a rest from the city centre. You can get the red tour buses just round the corner from the hotel which is really handy, and theres also a bus which goes right into town from just behind the hotel (only about 拢1.20 per person). Breakfast was good and varied, and bedrooms were great! Yes maybe a little small but we just had a 'standard' room with a side seaview and it was faultless really.. Oh except no tea/coffe making facilities but this didn't bother us. Best thing was the walk in shower! GREAT!! The bathroom was very modern and the beds very comfy!All in all a great hotel, in a good location away from the noise you might experience in a city centre hotel but near enough to get into the centre by metro/bus etc. Only cost us 拢150 for the two of us for three nights through otel.com! Bargain!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JellyBellyDublin
<Content>100% Recommend! We stayed in the Hotel Front Maritim for only one night, but it was an exceptional experience. Very clean, very modern, and incredible value for your money. What makes this hotel even more so outstanding, is that they posted back my mobile, charger and adapter, once I realised I had left them behind! I had the phone in my hands within 4 days of leaving the hotel. Now that was above and beyond the call of duty in today's selfish era! The hotel staff are very accomodating and the rooms are quite trendy. I especially liked how they offered a free minibar of water (still and sparkling) to their guests at any time of the day/night. Their one and only downfall is the location. It is quite far from the city, but the bus transportation in Barcelona is superb and you're back in the citycentre in 20minutes! Or you could do what we did and take the tourist bus (5 min walk from hotel) back into town! Also its VERY close to the beaches, so that's a benefit too if you want to steer clear of the madness of Barcelona and mosey about with the locals  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mediageezer
<Content>Quite fine Excellent value hotel with good rooms, good service and great location for Mar Bella beach. It's a little way out of the Barcelona buzz and thus cab fares do mount up. Staff were helpful and friendly. Recommended.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nikolaas7
<Content>Front Maritim Barcelona After a terrible night near the Ramblas we decided to trade the citycentre for a hotel near the beach. We rented bikes and head for Front Maritim. The rooms had everything we needed, it's simple but clean, silent and comfortbale. The rooms aren't big but fine for resting and sleeping. Friendly staff, no problem parking bikes in the Car parking.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>2007travelers
<Content>Pretty good hotel We stayed at this hotel for one week and loved it. The rooms are very modern and clean. Although the internet was slow, there were two computers available to guests. The hotel staff do not speak a lot of English and sometimes were not helpful for making recommendations about places to visit. However, when we asked for directions they were knowledgeable. The location of the hotel is maybe about 20-30 mins from the downtown city centre by subway. We really liked the fact that this hotel is right across from the beach and not crowded like the other areas of Barcelona. We were able to shop at the mall, Diagonal Mar, which was very close to our hotel without fighting the crowds. Further, the beach was considerably less crowded during the week. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and thought the location was just perfect for us.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Tiny tiny tiny rooms I was here on business, but I still could appreciate that for somebody here on holiday, it is perfectly located for the beach. Rooms at the front have a sea view. Very beautiful. Perfect location for the CCIB convention centre.If you intend to stay any time in your room (I did some work), this hotel is not for you. The rooms are really tiny. A little bit like a hostel. No alarm clock and a television that doesn't really work. The bathroom is nice however. No minibar but free water in the corridor. Not helpful if you want a coke or something like that. Only 6 business rooms, so difficult to get an upgrade.Restuarant staff were very friendly. Front desk staff mixed. We had the most unbelievably rude guy but others were helpful. Generally it seemed a bit chaotic.If you buy a cable, you can get free internet access (5 euros). This is good value.Do not ask reception for a taxi. It takes forever. Hail one on the street.Generally the hotel rooms are nice but the size and comfort of the rooms do not make this a luxury hotel. In addition we had a bad experience with this guy on the front desk as we were leaving (he even swore at us in Spanish thinking we could not understand any Spanish), which ruined this hotel for us.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	4	

<Author>ksmar
<Content>Great Value for Money We stayed at Hotel Front Maritim for 2 nights and had a great time. This hotel is across the road from the beach and within walking distance of the Port Olympic, which has great restaurants and night life. It is a bit further from Las Ramblas but not too bad if you like walking. The hotel has good size rooms, gym facilities and a great breakfast buffet. We could not fault this hotel and thought it was great value for money.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Maedog
<Content>Nice staff, clean and comfortable!       lobby  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TSL7805
<Content>Good hotel Easy to reach Metro station (10 mins walk). Near the beautiful beach, Fair breakfast, Nice staff. Free Internet access in lobby , but no wifi. I will stay again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cactusmo0
<Content>not a 4 star! We picked this hotel on the basis of price and the 4 * rating, the hotel desk staff were not very friendly , this is more suited to the business traveller. The rooms are quite small but adequate and the beds very comfortable. The Bus Touristica route has been expanded and the bus stop is just around the corner, which was very conveniant. You have to walk quite a way to get to the beach as there is a highway and a major motorway in between. There is no outdoor courtyard or balcony,s to relax on after a day of sightseeing. My major complaint would be the full american breakfast which was powdered scrambled eggs and bacon, ugh! We stayed with the continental, which was OK, nothing special, definately not worth 13 euros! There is a large bathroom equipped with a hair dryer, but no safe in the room. The hotel has a safe box that you can use.There were no restaurants convenient to the hotel, just a couple of bars. The hotel does have a small coffee shop, but after the powdered eggs we did not want to try it.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>Jamie73
<Content>Stayed here for the football Stayed here 27th-29th March with my 4 year old son. We were in Barcelona to watch Andorra v England which was unfortunate. Just gladI booked this back in July and didn't pay England football prices. Hotel was fantastic, staff were very friendly and accomodating with my son. Only problem was room size, but I was aware they were small having read reviews on here. Also distance from centre, as we were only there a couple of days I used taxis and on average paid about 8 euros to Las Ramblas, again I was aware of this before we went. Good news is proximity to the Diagonal Mar shopping centre which offered a couple of play parks for him on the way and also a relatively good choice of restaurants. Would recommend and stay again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>CWALM
<Content>Great place to stay to explore amazing city Being a frequent trip advisor user, I thought I should contribute back. My boyfreind and I stayed in this hotel last year and it was excellent, located in easy walking distance to a metro which quickly gets you to main centre. The hotel was brilliant, excellent service, the staff were very helpful and friendly.....We had a late departure and the hotel looked after our luggage and let us use the gym facilities to change and have a shower before our flight home in the evening!!The bathrooms were amazing, especially the shower, large enough for a number of people!! It sounds strange but I still remember to this day how the pillows were the best I had ever slept on !! We walked into the city on one occasion along the beach.It took a while but was an enjoyable walk. The breakfast at the hotel was also very good, well worth checking when you book that the price includes this as many websites did not. (we booked through GTA Hotels)Many people get pick pocketed along las ramblas, however if you are aware and sensible this should not happen to you as there will be many easier targets - let that not be you! We had our charactures drawn down this street and were well worth the money. The artist was very friendly and did a good job, providing entertainment for passers by - lets say the portraits are not flattering! :0)I would defintely return to Barcelona without a 2nd thought, and I would stay in this hotel again. It is nice to be out of the main city area sometimes, and it is very easy to get around the city. Also there is a HUGE shopping centre right next door, we had great fun, bowling and shopping one night!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samantha025
<Content>Girls weekend in Barca! Me and my friend decided to have a girlie weekend and thought where else but Barca!! The hotel was gorgeous, really modern! The actual bedroom however was right let down, extremly basic! For a 4* hotel it should have been better, but afterall we only needed a bed to sleep at night. The bathroom was stunning. The free water in the fridge at the end of the corridor, great idea (considering there was no fridge in the rooms), but really needs to to stocked up more often.The staff were fantastic! So friendly and made you feel so welcome.All in all we had a great time and would go back for the weekend.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ryb1974
<Content>Good value on the sea front Stayed just the one night whilst on a business trip on my own in Barcelona.The property is located on the sea front, which wasn't particularly handy in January, but I can say that at this time of year, this location is especially quiet. If you are worried that it's going to be difficult to get to the main attractions, please don't be. It's an easy 10-minute walk to the nearest metro, then 6 or 7 stops to the centre, perhaps a single change and another couple of stops depending on where you're headed.Onto the hotel itself: it has a clean, modern feel to it. The reception staff were friendly enough. The ground floor is all open-plan, the bar round the back of the reception area, and the dining area separated from the lobby and bar by a large arty screen. There's a computer area and national and international newspapers between the entrance and the dining area.I like booking hotels with gyms, and although the gym here was not state-of-the-art, it was passable, with a decent treadmill, multigym and loose weights. I thought the stereo in there was a nice touch, but unfortunately it was broken.I was a little distressed at the lack of minibar in the room, although a positive quirk of the Front Maritim is the presence of fridges packed full of bottles of free still and sparkling mineral water positioned at the end of each corridor! This was a lovely touch.It's a bit weird these days for business-oriented hotels in major cities not to have wireless internet availability. They must have invested in cable internet socket installations just before Wifi took off, and they are stubbonly insistent on getting their money's worth. If you don't have a cable with you, you can buy them from reception for 鈧?.Breakfast was OK, but there was no hot option.I was grateful that they had a flexible attitude to my leaving the car in their garage for no extra charge for a few hours after I had checked out. Good on them.I'd definitely stay here again, and would recommend it for like-minded business travellers. If you need to be in the hub of the action, or if you don't like taking the metro, then it might be less appealing to you, but it could be worth a look just for the comfort level that you get for the price they charge.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>rebex90
<Content>Fabulous I stayed here with my husband for a week on our honeymoon. It was a lovely hotel.It was out of the way which is lovely if you are in Barcelona for more than a couple of days. 5 minute walk from the metro and also the beach!Fantastic breakfast - loads to choose from. We didn't eat lunch or dinner there as the menu did not have much to offer. They do room service which is okay for a quick fix. The rooms are small but perfectly formed, I can see why some people have moaned about it in their reviews but you don't go to Barcelona for a hotel room!! The free water at the end of the halls are brilliant though no bottle opener for the fizzy water.Staff were lovely and helpful. Overall I would reccommend this hotel though if I was in Barcelona for a weekend I may have chosen somewhere a little more central.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mymmeli
<Content>Good hotel, location a bit distant I stayed here with my partner on May 2006. The location is a bit distant, about 10 minutes walk to the metro station from where it takes about 15 minutes to reach the center of Barcelona. However, we got a very cheap price for this hotel so we decided to book. There is a beach nearby (5 minutes walk) with all services: toilets, shower, kiosks selling food and beverages. Also there is a big shopping center about 10 minutes walk away. There are not much restaurants in this area and especially not good ones - they are selling some cheap, frozen food made in the microwave so you have to go somewhere else for a dinner.The hotel is new, very clean with nice interior design and the rooms are comfortable. The room was a perfect size for us but there should have been more space to clothes for example - we don't want to keep our staff in the bags if we stay in a hotel for a week or more. The bathroom was very nice and there were shampoo, soap, shower caps and so on. There is no lock in the bathroom door which might bother someone. We stayed in a non-smoking floor but our neighbours seemed to be having some kind of a noisy party and they started smoking in their room. All the smoke came to our room as the air conditioning is probably desingned for non-smoking purposes. I complained about this to the staff and they promised to take care of it. We didn't notice any smoke after that night so I guess the staff took care of it. The breakfast was great: toasts, pastries, cheese, ham, vegetables, eggs, bagon, coffee/tea/hot chocolate, juice, fruits and so on. Some mornings there were too much people at the same time so we had to wait about 15 minutes to get a table. Also some mornings the staff had difficulties in responding the amount of people - coffee, tea and milk run out as well as coffee cups and plates. So people had to wait over 15 minutes to get cups and coffee... We also had a lunch at the hotel one day which was a mistake. I had some fish which was accidentally left raw and was awful, like a chewing gum. I only ate the side dish and complained about this to the waiter. He said that he would speak with the chef and then came back with our bill - with no discount of the fish which I wasn't able to eat as it wasn't properly cooked! I told him that I expect a compensation and he replied that the chef had tasted the fish and found it perfect. After arguing with me for a while he asked his superior from the reception to join the conversation and we continued this argumentation as I wasn't willing to pay for the food. Finally the boss promised that I would get the meal for free - after I had told him that I didn't want to continue arguing anymore and promised to pay for the food. However, this kind of incident shouldn't happen in 4 star hotel. If a customer says that food is not ok, it's not ok and that's it.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	3	4	

<Author>50415
<Content>Nice hotel. Bit far from the center, tho. We stayed in the Front Maritim for four days. It was a very good experience - the hotel, although far from the tourist attractions, is really good, with a very nice breakfast and well served by bus, tram and subway. Plus, it is close to a shopping mall with loads of restaurants and a supermarket. As for being far from tourist attractions, bear in mind that Barcelona is a modern city and, as such, the attractions are very spread (different from an old town with everything concentrated in the center), so you'll need to get public transportation anyway! In that sense, the hotel location cannot be considered a con. Especially because it is across the street from the beach, and the view is awesome.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>richie13
<Content>Nothing to do! Stayed at this hotel for two nights on our honeymoon before going on a cruise. Its a modern hotel but there doesnt appear to be any leisure facilities available.Apparently there was a sauna but we couldnt find it!!The bar was tiny and there was a permanently empty restaurant/dining room!We actually cancelled our 5 day post cruise stay and flew home instead!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>heavans
<Content>ok, and nice, but boring So there isn't anything wrong with this hotel, but if the weather isn't great (as it was on our trip) then being across the street from the beach doesn't really make a big difference. There were a lot of retiree tour groups going through when we were there, and the trip from city center to hotel was a little annoying after the first 2 nights, the walk from the metro isn't long but it also is more than 5 minutes. Inside the hotel, everything is very high class, very nice, and clean, no complaints. but if you want to go out in the city and possibly experience more of a barcelona feel, then I wouldn't recommend it...  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>photoadventure
<Content>Good hotel Free internet access, mineral water, not bad breakfast, near to the beach and not so far from the city center. The rooms could be bigger. They also have own parking, 13 euro per day. I gave a rate above average also because the price is good. You can find a hotel in the center of the city with the same price rates but really terrible compared to Front maritim. For example Via Augusta hotel where I spent 2 not very comfortable days.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Dreamer7
<Content>Absolutley Fabulous! Loved it loved it loved it!!! We stayed for 5 nights in July and have to say never wandered very far from the beach!!Breakfast was outstanding, egyptian cotton sheets fab pillows and air con in a spotless room, what more can you want!The beach is right across the road where the bars sell pizza and salads along with a full bar menu. Beware of the vodka here though, its free poured and you can get carried away easily. We were at a bar on the beach one night and while he ordered another beer I had enough coke left so ordered just a vodka. The girl said vodka solo i said yes and she returns with a half pint of vodka!!!!!I loved the shopping centre around the corner Diagonal Mar and great restaurants open here at night also. The market stalls along La Rambla cant be missed either for their hand made jewelery. I found it extremly hot in the city however and loved to go back to the sea to cool off.On leaving my partner managed to leave his wallet behind and after one email to them the wallet arrived in the post within 3 days with no charge to us!Excellant! Will recommend it until I'm hoarse and will return next year!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>toonsteve
<Content>Great hotel I stayed here with my girlfriend for a week and found the Tripadvisor reviews very useful! The hotel is excellent! The rooms are spotless and of great quality and the air conditioning is awesome! The free water is a great perk too. The staff were helpful and polite - though we didn't eat there at all. Location-wise, it's great for the beaches which are all walkable from the hotel - the ones closer to the town (Port Olimpic, Barcelonetta) have better facilities than the one opposite the Hotel. The metro is the best way to get around in my opinion. It was a 5-10 min walk from the hotel and it takes you along the coast to any of the resorts and then into the city.We found Barcelona expensive, especially on the beach resorts though it seems to be much cheaper in the city, even on the Ramblas. Eat at the Barri Gotic, it's atmospheric and authentic. Food on the beaches is nice but pricey and you feel a bit like you're in Tenerife or somewhere with people trying to get you into every restaurant. Tapas is excellent everywhere. We used the Diagonal Shopping Centre near the hotel on arrival but weren't impressed.Front Maritim is a great place to go back to after a night in the city and I would recommend it to anyone. If it was in the city itself, it would be perfect!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Rojinegro
<Content>Great Place to stay Next time in Barcelona, look no further, across the street from the Beach and close to downtown and a few blocks from a Metro station.Excellent service, friendly staff, just great, I had a great time in Barcelona and the hotel and the location of it, had a lot to do with it. Have a question ask Laura at the reception, she will find you the answer. A four stars hotel with a five stars service.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lindazz
<Content>Fantastic! minutes to the beach My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in total as we ventured around Barcelona. I read these pages relentlessly beforehand too. The hotel is in great condition and the rooms are impressive. The staff were friendly and the beach is a 3-5 minute walk away, not only that but there are bars set up on the beach great for afternoon drinking and tapas! I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to go to Barcelona, its a 15EURO cab fare in to La Ramblas or the buses stop right outside the hotel (the tourist sightseeing bus too) the train station is only a 5-10 minute walk also.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Irish1969
<Content>Very High Standards Stayed in this hotel from June 6th - June 13th. Hotel was spotless and staff were friendly. They did their level best at the desk to provide you with anything requested. Breakfast was brillant. A buffet breakfast with a huge variety of food. Had room service one night as well, which was outstanding but expensive. There are free bottles of water in a fridge at the end of each floor and the fridges were kept well stocked so no need to buy bottled water. Drinks however in the bar are very expensive. 鈧?.10 for a whiskey l was charged one night.Rooms could possibly be bigger but the bathrooms are fabulous. Hairdryer in each bathroom and it is the best one l have ever found in a hotel. Variety of channels on tele are very poor but then who goes to Barcelona to view the television. Free internet access in the lobby.Location of hotel is very good for day time. The Metro is 5 mins walk away and the tourist bus is just around the corner. The sea is literally across the road. If l did have a complaint it would be that nothing happens around the area of the hotel at night. A taxi has to be taken to eg the Port or La Ramblas. Taxis however are reasonable enough. 鈧?-8 to go down to the Olympic Port and it really is a buzz at night time. I wouldn't fancy the Metro late at night and take good care of bags, even around the area of the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JMC1000
<Content>Great value and location I stayed at this hotel for three nights. The rooms were clean and simple. The free bottled water near the elevator is such a great idea!I was attending a convention at the Hotel Arts - which was sold out (not to mention ridiculously expnsive). I booked this hotel because it was close to the Arts, super cheap (Expedia) and free internet access. The beach front is also a plus. Not to worry about noise from the road - the window is sound proof. Ask for a room facing the beach. There is a gym - but, you are better off running along the beach since it is in the basement of the hotel and it is very limited.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely recommend!! Booked hotel for 4 nights for my sister's 21st birthday present. Found prospect of finding a hotel in Barcelona quite daunting, but ended up going with this one having read many reviews, and I have to say we were not disappointed. Can't understand anyone having a problem here, but I suppose you can't please everyone!!Location was excellent for us as we were looking forward to a relaxing break. 5 minutes stroll from beach, which was great. Another 5 minutes or so to Diagonal Mar Shopping Centre, which we spent a day in. Food in hotel restaurant was really nice, but we were left waiting about 1hr 25min the first time we ate there - our order was delivered to another table. A bit annoyed but got over it.Staff very friendly, and as in other reviews bottled water was great. Didn't bother with internet as the couple of times we went down they were occupied.Rooms small but more than adequate. Bathroom very modern - a lock on the door would have been nice though...and don't get a shock when you see the frosted glass door!!All in all very pleased and would definitely recommend. Paid 鈧?60 for flights and 4 nights accomodation for the 2 of us.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tiler John
<Content>Not for long stays We stayed here with friends for a long weekend in May this year and that's about as long as you could because the bedrooms although very modern and trendy have tiny built in wardrobes where you have to hang your clothes diagonally to get them in. My wife likes to take a change of clothes for every day and we had to cram them in the the wardrobe. The room was quite small but ample for our trip, as other travellers have commented the bathroom is very smart but a little gloomy for wet shavers!We ate in the hotel restaurant on the first night and it was virtually empty. The staff were attentive without being overbearing and the food was very good.If you go out to eat turn left out of the hotel and five minutes walk away you will find the Diagonal shopping centre with a large selection of restaurants and bars. Turn right and you'll walk for miles before you find anything. if you go th the Diagonal then avoid the Tapas Bar. It is one of a chain and the food and service were dire. The food arrived in dribs and drabs and was not worth eating. We ate some great tapas in Barcelona and this was the only bad stuff.The tourist buses stop just around the corner from the hotel and they are great value.One word of warning, the weekend we chose coincided with the arrival of the air racing circuit and they had concreted over the beach opposite the hotel to make a runway. Whether or not they'll dig it all up again remains to be seen. We had chosen this hotel because it was opposite the beach and were a little disappointed but it didn't spoil our impressions of Barcelona or the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel       door exiting room  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CiaraDaly
<Content>Great Hotel; Good Location I've just come back from a 5 day stay in this hotel and i would highly recommend it. I am a 23 year old female who went on holiday with my friend (also female). This place is ideal for those who want to relax during the day in peace and give it holly at night. Just a short taxi ride away is the Port Olympic (鈧? in a cab). Great nights out to be had here (would be ideal for a stag or hen!! - pole dancers both male and female!!). Only draw back here is that the drink if quite expensive (pint of lager or vodka  coke cost 鈧? - personally this is very expensive) but to me this seemed to be the only place for people in their 20's and early 30's to have a great night.Across from the hotel is the beach. It's an absoutley beautiful beach, well worth spending a day on it. Just up the way from the hotel is Diagnol Mar - a huge shopping centre and resturant complex. Very nice!We booked this hotel on destinia (a Spanish website). Got the best deal here compared to Expedia and Hotel pronto. We paid 鈧?95 for two people for 5 night including breakfast. Speaking of the breakfast, it was okay. It runs out very quickly so don't leave it until after 10:00am to go down. Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. The free cold bottled water was a God send!!All in all would defiently recommend this hotel and if i go back to Barcelona will no doubt stay here. Enjoy......!!!!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Hotel was Clean and in a good location.The Breakfast was only OK with the hot food being the same every Morning and sometimes Cold.Also it got very crowded at times.The bar lacked atmosphere at nigh time.The Free Water and internet was great although another couple of internet stations would be good.Shower was out of this world. Power + , you could stay in it all day.Could have done with more English TV channels also. Would recommend though . Just being very critical.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>13Blackwood
<Content>2 Great Weeks! We had 2 great weeks in Barelona in August 2005 and found the Hotel Front Maritim the perfect base to explore this wonderful City! Ok the rooms are quite small, but who goes to Barcelona to spend time in their bedroom?!? The fantastic shower, regular maid service and free water were all enough to counter this very slight negative. Also found that free Internet usage in the Hotel's lobby was a great way to plan the holiday - where to eat, drink and dance! We found the location to be very relaxing; once you find the local Metro stop - a 10 minute walk to Selva de Mar, the City is your Oyster! A mere 10-15 minute journey and you are in the heart of Barcelona, but it's nice to leave that all behind at the end of an evening and return to the safe and quiet area of the Front Maritim. Literally a 5 minute taxi journey or even a 20 minute stroll from the very cool Ciutadella Villa Olimpica where the fantastic Hotel Arts is situated - cannot recommend highly enough the stunning Arola restaurant, where the finest Tapas are served!The beaches of Nova Mar Bella and Barceloneta are a short stroll from the Hotel (5 mins) and are very clean; the Service in the beach cafes does leave a little bit to be desired though, it has to be said - just make sure you aren't ever in a rush!We booked through Expedia (拢500/鈧?29 for 2 weeks) and have since recommended the Front Maritim to other family members.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Service We recently stayed at this hotel from 9 March through 14 March.When you arrive for breakfast, the assistant should tell you that you have to pay for breakfast 鈥?we did not know this. Breakfast is an astounding 25 Euros!The room service is, to be blunt, terrible. Every morning I ordered a very simple item, tea with milk. The tea would be cold and there would be no milk. One morning I got coffee. The delay between calling and receiving the tea could be anything up to 20 minutes. The room service staff were unfriendly and rude when delivering the tea.I believe the room service staff are the same as those serving at the bar and in the restaurant.They are rude, slamming items down on tables. Requesting toasted bread seemed to be a major issue during breakfast, as though you had asked them for a 3 course meal. They do not smile. They act as though they are the client and you are the staff. In the evening there is one bar man. He is never there when you want him. You have to wait ages as he is doing other jobs/roles.They all need customer service education. What is the point of these staff dealing with clients when they do not like them, or even pretend to do so? I also think the hotel needs more staff.My main area of complaint is room service and the service in the bar/restaurant. Service badly needs attention.Other than that the hotel is well maintained, especially the room cleaning and housekeeping. The hotel is ideally located.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shaz_doogan
<Content>Tiny rooms, too far out i stayed in this hotel from 28th Feb 2006 for 4nights,i took my boyfriend for his birthday! i choose this hotel from readin reviews on this site. the hotel looked like it does in the photos,the lobby is hugh n the staff are nice n polite but as soon as we got to the room disaster struck - it was tiny! i read in the reviews that the rooms are small but i didnt think they were going to be as small as they actually were - tiny! but the bathroom was lovely  the shower was heaven, the bed was also very comfy! but the walls are thin as we could hear the people in the room next door enjoyin themselves in bed!! there is free bottled water at the end of every corridor which is nice.we went to go sight seeing but the buses were a disaster,the drivers couldnt speak much english n the hotel is SO far away from the main shopping street-Las Rambles so i would not recommend this hotel if you wanted to be in the centre of things. the hotel is nice because its beside the beach n there is a lovely big shoppin centre 5mins walk away! but still its just too far away from everythin! we spent a forture on buses n taxis! the hotel is lovely (but expensive to eat in) the only faults i could find was that the rooms were too small  the location wasnt great!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anaheimsportsfan
<Content>Great Hotel, Near the city, by the Beach, and free water too! My husband and I were in Barcelona for 3 days and stayed here. The location is a bit far from the city center but it is only a few blocks from the metro or a 10 euro taxi way from La Rambla. I had an excellent night's sleep every night and had room 1125 which my window opened out to the ocean.One person posted they thought their room was small. Prior to Barcelona I was in London at a 4 star hotel. That room was smaller than Front Maritim. This hotel has all the things a traveler needs: A comfortable bed, ample closet space with shelves for personal items, internet connection, and a decent size bathroom with a wonderful kit (includes toothbrush, comb, shampoo, lotion, tissue, and shoe kit). The only thing it doesn't have is an inroom safe, but the front desk has a safe for your belongings. Also in the lobby were 2 computers for you to email home or look up things in the internet (Free!)The free water (still and con gas) and the apples near the elevator was a nice perk, and I booked my room on alpha room, and had free breakfast. Not sure if everyone gets breakfast, but they had an excellent breakfast buffet... with hot and cold items, cereal, bread/patries, juice choices, milks, and more!On our last night we decided to have dinner at the hotel. The menu selection was very good, prices very reasonable, and the food was delicious! The service was a little slow, but since we were not planning on going out (early morning the next day) we took our time eating.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pam_Pat
<Content>Fantastic Stay We have just returned from the Hotel Front Maritim. Great hotel, very clean  comfortable, staff very helpful with good english. The rooms are great, small but perfect for a 3 day stay, very modern with a great shower! Cable tv in the rooms with BBC world CNN etc. Our room looked over the beach which was beautiful to wake up to every morning!! Free bottle water in a cooler on each floor which was great. Buffet breakfast was lovely, a very good selection of hot  cold. Free internet use in the library just off the reception, great for checking emails!! The hotel is about 20 mins. walk from the Olympic Port, lovely stroll down the seafront with great restaurants and bars. We found it much better staying just a little outside the city, very relaxing and refreshing! It only costs around 6 eur for a taxi right into the middle of anywhere in the city or the metro is just around the corner. Very safe area with a fantastic shopping mall 5 mins walk away. Great place to stay would definitely go back again. We had a ball looking forward to going back again!!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the place to stay !!! I stayed for a few days and it was great.It was spotless. The staff were very friendly and spoke good English. The food was nice (the free sweets at the reception desk were great).It was near the mettro stations and the nou camp the beach was also just across the road.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the most friendly The hotel is clean, the shower is good, free bottled water when you want it from a fridge in the corridor.That鈥檚 where it ends for me. I know Barcelona is an expensive place but I did not think this was good value for money.Breakfast really over priced. No mini bar The Hotel seems more geared up for your average Spanish business traveler.The area it鈥檚 in was a little to far out, although the Shopping centre around the corner was great. The beach area is under reconstruction at the moment so it鈥檚 very noisy.Also take in to account one of the main roads into Barcelona is in between the Hotel and the sea.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jp007
<Content>4 Star? The smallest rooms I have EVER seen!! Friday 17th February 2006. Barcelona - driving along the front looking for a hotel and saw the 4 star Hotel Front Maritim. Looks good from the outside. Reception and Lobby is ENORMOUS - really lead me to believe this was a great hotel. Haggled on the price and got parking thrown in.They give free use of the tiny sauna and tiny steam room as well as free internet/PC.We took ourselves to the room (no porterage) ....... silence!! Okay, nice quality BUT ....The tiniest bedroom I have ever seen in a hotel and all the rooms are the same size. I cannot believe the glowing terms in which the rooms are described by other TripAdvisor writers. Not even a chair in the room. Well, of course not - no room for a chair.Tiny bathroom - ooops - shower room I mean - No bath, shower only.The proximity to the beach: I do not call this near the beach. There is a major road network in front of the hotel.4 star!!?? You must be kidding. Very nice and clean though.Okay, I admit, after the haggle and getting to the room - we handed back the key, got our car out of the free parking and went, and what we found after a 30 minute drive was the really good NH Ciutat de Mataro.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two Night Stay We travelled here from Girona Airport, by public transport which we cant fault, please be aware however that the bus from the Airport is opposite the bus stop.After leaving the bus station you need to turn left at the exit and follow the road round to find the metro...we stood around trying to figure this out!!The Metro is a fantastic way to travel round Barcelona, and very easy to find your way around the system however when leaving the Metro stations the lack of directions was slighty annoying.You need to get off the Metro at 'Selva de Mar' and turn 180 degrees of the steps you have just walked up following the flow of the one way traffic and the hotel is signposted.The Hotel itself is nice, the staff welcoming but not over the top, and speak good English. The room however was slighty disappointing. We couldn't figure out how to work the lights and wern't told we had to insert the card into the black slot above the light switch.The double bed was two singles pushed together which separated everytime you moved which was very annoying.The breakfast consisted of pastries, cereal and cooked eggs which was nice, it also included the the continental element with cold meats and cheese,with a good selection of drinks it was good that is was served untill after 10am. We stayed for only 2 nights and spent a day sightseeing, the walk to the marina at 'Port Olimpic' was pleasent however long, and we were amused by the competition between the restaurants trying to win your custom, we found that 'La Taberna Gallega' was the best and we even got a free bottle of champagne after our meal and got rather tipsy which made the long walk home even nicer. Overall our stay was pleasent and enjoyable with a lot of walking which resulted in VERY sore feet!!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rud_Annamh
<Content>Stylish hotel, convenient location, small bedroom My boyfriend and I stayed here from New Year's Eve 2005/2006 to Jan 4th. We had chosen this hotel because of reviews in this and other websites, and were very happy with our experience here. We found the location excellent, as it's right on the seafront, perfect for a stroll in the morning. It's a very quiet area, mostly hotels and apartments, which we found refreshing and relaxing after a day in the city. You can walk along the promenade right down to the Port Olimpic, Barceloneta, and the city centre, which would take about 35 minutes in total, if you can resist the temptation to drop into one of the seafront bars or cafes for an aperitif or coffee!There is a direct metro to the city centre (Urquinaona), which we found really convenient. The local metro stop (Selva del Mar) is about 4 blocks from the hotel, a ten minute walk. Going to/from the airport, we got the bus (鈧?.60) to Plaza Catalunya, which is one block away from the Urquinaona metro stop - a 3-minute walk, and potentially a great saving instead of getting a taxi from the airport to the hotel. A T10 metro ticket cost around 鈧? and can be used by several people, for ten journeys - buy one when you arrive. The room was small, but lovely. Enormous shower, really powerful. Comfortable bed, room service, TV, etc, as you'd expect from a 4-star hotel - very good value for money. It was really quiet at night, with a great, fresh breeze from the sea in the morning. There's a sauna and fitness room in the hotel, which are free to use, you just have to give 20 mins notice to heat up the sauna. We didn't know this and hadn't appropriate clothes with us, but it would have been nice. Re crime in Barcelona, thankfully we did not encounter any problems. This was my sixth trip to Barcelona since 1989, and I have never had a negative encounter there. There was a huge police presence throughout the city centre, which was reassuring. We would definitely stay here next time we visit Barcelona. I particularly recommend a walk along the seafront for breakfast in the Port Olimpic - Barnabier do fantastic croissants, coffee, little rolls, etc - way cheaper than the hotel breakfast, which we didn't take, and lots more character also - packed with locals.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Faygelah
<Content>Tiny Clean Rooms We were told the Front-Maritim was built to hold visitors to the Barcelona Olympics. The rooms are extremely small, with little room for storage. Perfect for backpackers or others without a lot of clothes. On every floor, there is a little glass-door fridge full of bottled water, which we really appreciated. There is a large shower, but no bathtub in our small room. There is nothing to see in the neighborhood. It is a trek (several blocks) to the metro and a 10,00 euro taxi ride to Las Ramblas. They serve a great buffet breakfast, but that didn't make up for the teeny-tiny room and the far-away location.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, Definately worth a trip I stayed at the hotel in September 2005 when I had won a trip through work to Barcelona. I booked the hotal after reading the reviews on this site and seeing the pictures of it.From the airport we got a taxi which took about 20 minutes of a cost of about 25 euros. The hotel is slightly outside the city centre but there is a metro station about 5 minutes walk away and a taxi back at night was about 10 euros, definately worth paying rather than having to go on the metro late at night.The hotel was excellent as soon as you walked in the doors it looked like a 4 star hotel should. The receptionists spoke excellent English and there were even some sweets on there while you were checking in.To get to the lifts you have to go down some stairs to the lifts which was a bit inconvenient but not a real proplem.The room was excellent, good size and very clean. The bathroom was great as well with the usual toiletries provided.There was a TV in the room which was obviously in Spanish but there was an English music channel and some news programmes as well.At the end of the corridoor on each floor there was a fridge with free bottled water available. There was fizzy and still and ideal to take out in your bag if you want to avoid buying it when your out.The breakfast was great, continental but with plenty of choice of food and drinks. Also in the reception area were some computers you could use to access the internet, again, free of charge.I had heard Barcelona was bad for robberies and unfortunately my bag was stolen whilst in McDonalds. Fortunately my hotel booking was in the bag so they contacted the hotel and when I got back a note under my door advising me of this. I went to thank the receptionist for this and they couldn't have been more helpful. The advised me what McDonalds had told them and how to get back there. Excellent service, taking some of the hassle away.Would I go back to the hotel? Definately, it was one of the best I have ever stayed in. However, would I go back to Barcelona, probably not, nice place its a pity about the crime. Just make sure you don't let your possesions out of sight in town  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nash0819
<Content>Comfort with style A work colleague and I stayed here for three nights whilst attending a conference at Forum. We chose the hotel due to its proximity to Forum - about 10 minutes walk past the big shopping mall - and because of the good reviews on Tripadvisor and the promise of free internet access.The hotel gave off the impression of a proper four star hotel throughout. The downstairs lobby and bar area were well laid-out and stylish. I cannot comment on the breakfast facilities but my one quibble is that the bar shut at eleven on non-weekend nights.Check-in was painless once we ascertained that both rooms had been booked in my name by hotelpronto.com. The staff were helpful and could speak good English. Checkout was efficient. Even the free sweets on the desk were quite nice.The yellow-line metro was just around the corner at no more than 5 minutes walk. It took about half an hour from the hotel door to getting off the metro in downtown Barcelona. We did not stay out very late but would probably have got a taxi back if we had.The bedrooms were very nice. Decorated in what I would call a Japanese style, possibly with attention being paid to feng shui, if you're into that sort of thing. There was sufficient storage space for a long weekend for two people. The beds were comfy and very large and you could have fit four friendly people into the two of them.The only English channel on TV was CNN and that was badly distorted so I was glad I brought a book. The in-room safe was just big enough to fit my laptop in but unfortunately I could not get it to work. I did not get around to asking the hotel staff to fix this since I could attach my kensington lock around the desk without any problem.If you want to use the free internet, take a network or modem cable with you. I was expecting wi-fi but this is not available on all floors. I was able to borrow a network cable from reception on the second night for a 20 Euro deposit; they had a limited supply of these which meant I missed out on the first night. Once you鈥檙e connected, the service was fast.The bathroom - separated from the bedroom by a frosted glass surround - was excellent with one of the best showers I have ever had the good fortune to use. This did drip on the first night but a strategically placed towel soon stopped the noise. My colleague later discovered that you could twist the oversize showerhead so the excess water would fall out and the dripping would stop.One slight nuisance was the sound the bathroom door made when shutting. Because it was glass, there were metal casings around the tips of the doorframe and 鈥?unless you held the door as it shut - these made an annoying dull clanging sound that was quite noticeable at night. The bedroom walls were thin and I could hear the same noise from at least one room next to mine. If you're looking for a romantic getaway, you might want to bear this in mind!Overall, I was impressed with this hotel. Its minor faults were not enough to put me off recommending it especially to those who want to stay in comfort and relative quiet away from downtown or those attending a conference at Forum. It was not cheap but it was good.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Posh Life... We stayed at this hotel for two nights and enjoyed our stay thoroughly. In fact we didn't want to leave it...but had to do some sightseeing. The distance from the beachfront is less than 5mins and it would be such a bonus in summer. The weather was bad but the hotel was fabolous. The breakfast was delicious and very impressive. The rooms were a good size and the interior decor was amazing. The marble bathroom spectacular. I would definitely recommend this hotel.A bit far from Gerona Airport, so I recommend flying in at Barcelona Airport. Easy access from Gerona if you flying to Gerona. But Barcelona Airport would be better. The hotel is situated close to most attractions so its all good. We were verey impressive!!!!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RUSSELL-CLEVEDON
<Content>Excellent 4x 40 year olds. 3 nights in Sept 05. Pure Luxury! Beautiful hotel,lots of black and white marble! Staff couldn't do enough to help. Bathrooms amazing,imaculate bedrooms. Contempory design! Free bottled water on every floor.Amazing selection for breakfast. Bacon,eggs,cheese,cold meat,pastries, toast,cereal,freshly squeezed orange or grapefruit juice and an amazing table of fresh fruit. Our breakfast lasted hours! Breakfast served till 10.30am!Tube station to centre 10 min walk away. Easy. Nice to get away from busy city centre in the eve though not many restaurants around hotel. Need to walk to nearby mall(out Hotel turn left)or along beach ( right from hotel)about 20 mins for good trational spanish. Perfect weather that time of year. Can't wait to go back. Excellent value for money if booked well in advance.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pricey but Really Nice!! I stayed at Front Maritim in the middle of August with my sister and a friend. The hotel itself is beautiful, contemporary looking. It has free internet and free water bottles on all the floors which is key for summer in spain!! The hotel priced according to what you are getting, for a tourist such as myself I think I would have preferred a less expensive room in the city center. If you are travelling to Barcelona for a couple of days, minium 5 days I would say that staying at this hotel is worth it. It is right next to the beach which is very lovely however, if you only have a few days I doubt you will take advantange. It is a 7 minute walk to the metro and a couple of stops up from there before you are really in Barcelona.If you are interested in seeing the sights, getting to know the city, and partying it up... I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab Breakfast..nice hotel My partner and I stayed for four nights recently and had a great time! We thought the breakfast was excellent well well above average!!! the rooms on the smallish side no balcony's,but hey how long are you in them! Great walk in shower plenty of room for two.! Rooms could do with some soundproofing though as we could hear when next door came back just putting there key in the door!! so I'm pretty damn sure they could hear us...!! Barcelona just a great place loads going on I found the locals very helpful most times but did get the impression they not too keen on the british! (even less to the very loud brash americans!) They would be horrified of the behaviour you find in other spanish resorts! This is'nt that type of place it is very cosmopolitan and coupley, soooo many places to eat and drink a bit pricey though.. I hired a car from the airport which I am glad of cost wise if you are doing your own transfers we met another couple who paid 48 euros from the licenced yellow and black cabs from outside the airport. You do see a hell of a lot more with your own transport if you want to sightsee in the day, but it is a bit stressful driving around there as everything is on a one way system and everywhere starts to look the same after a bit but is fine once you get your bearings..At nightime we walked upto the port olympic 30min walkalong the promenade where you will see some dodgy nakedness along the way(by dodgy I only mean all shapes and sizes!) The port is just a fantastic place really nice clean harbour loads of bars/restaurants and a very safe feeling place which I really liked, to get a cab back to the hotel from the port only 6 euros and there are thousands of taxi's do make sure you have the address of the hotel they dont have a clue if you just use the name, and from the fabulous las ramblas 10 euros each way. The absolutely beautiful font magica where freddie mercury sang barcelona when they had the olympics is an absolute must we went at 10 o'clock and we both felt the wow facter it was our best night,(Dont bother in the day the water is switched off the show is 8till midnight)All in all I cant wait to go back to barcelona in the future,would stay at this hotel again it was a goodbase with a fab breakfast,but would want to hire the car again as it is a bit of treck to places or a lot of taxi fares to get about or a hike to the metro, I saw the place much more of a couples holiday and would'nt of liked to have gone with two small children although there are things there, but if you are looking for a family holiday stick to tenerife,majorca etc there is so much more available to familys there..Have a great holiday wherever you go..  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for the Summerl My husband and I just came back after a 4 night stay in this hotel. During the hot summertime, when your too hot to keep walking and sightseeing ,THIS is the best location to stay: right at the beach.Nova Mar Bella is the most attractive beach in Barcelona, though it can be quit crowded..it is not as crowded as the Bogatell and Barceloneta area.The beach is suprisingly clean and in the night it is nice and romantic to have a picnic at the beach..just as the locals do. Jus get some nice calamares, wine and bread in the around the corner supermercado and enjoy eating, drinking and staring at the stares at night, maybe even take a swim.And after the picnic you just have a seat in the nearest beachbar...too hot in the inner city anyway.The brakfast is excellent, the staf friendly...the cleaning of the rooms just perfect..the mini bar with free bottled waters and apples are just a nice service.During SUMMER I would definitely take this hotel again.But during winter/spring tome I probably take a hotel in the city centre since it IS kind of a drag with the metro. However..the subway is only 10 minutes walking from the hotel...Next to the hotel is an asian restaurant but the service there completely ---- . Don't advice that unless you really have to (which is probably often the case). And around the hotel there's not much to go to, so like i said...a good hotel for summertime where you at least have a sit at the many beachclubs that are quit active.However..this is probably an area in the making...a lot of projects so in 3 years or so things probably be changedI miss the hotel and the wonderful beach allready...also the excellent breakfast!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hapytravel
<Content>Honest helpful staff Stayed here and it was very nice. A bit of a treck to downtown with kids but was advised this prior to booking. Handy for beach area and Sunday nights are fab, local people are everywhere and so friendly. Restaurants close to hotel on beach are a treat with musicians entertaining(sundays). Candlelit beach bars. Room great.If you use Bus Turistic (everyone does) the green line stops near hotel or metro close. My teenage son left his wallet with over $100 euros behind and after a fone call to Sonia she said the maid handed it in and it is now on its way to us at home....thats great service. Free bottle water too...would go back. requested rooms next to each other through hotel connect and all went to plan. rates good too 拢55 per room. Worthy of 4 star rating  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Sleep Ever Greetings,I know it has taken me four years to write this, but better late than never!I have stayed at plenty of hotels over the years and have to say that the stay I had be it briefly, at the Ac Front Maritim Hotel in Barcelona, to be one of the best in that the bedroom had a nice atmosphere and was very cosy, the bed the most comfortable I have ever slept in - don't know if it was the mattress or the doona.... And I still remember the pillows being nice and soft!! Would not hesitate going back.Western Australia  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Opinion Me and my girlfriend recently came back from a four night stay at the Hotel Front Maratim (18/05 - 22/05). The hotel was not my first choice (or even in my top 10) as we were there purely for sightseeing but because of the availablity in the city we ended up here.Whilst this hotel is within touching distance of what is a better than average city beach this hotel is in the business quarter and subsequently has a lot of conference related guests and if I am totally honest it is too far out from the Gothic/Diagonal/Marina area of the city and after a hard days sight seeing it is a real hassle to get back to the hotel for a laydown.The nearest Metro stop is Selva del Mar about 8 minutes walk from the hotel, then its about another 10 minutes direct on the tube into the Gothic quarter (Jaume I Metro). A taxi from the marina at about midnight was never more than 8 eruros.The hotel itself is very clean and the rooms are average sized, we had a queen sized bed which was massive and took up half of the room. The bathroom/shower room was nicely finished.One important thing I would say is make sure you check that breakfast is included with your room rate, we booked a typical double via Expedia and breakfast wasnt included and we ende up paying 11 euros each for what was a very poor breakfast.*********Whilst this has nothing to do with the hotel I feel I should say that we were mugged leaving Selva del Mar metro and had a bag containg money and a passport stollen by locals. Yes we were using the metro after midnight but still, be careful, when we went to the embassy to get a new passport there were 5 other people in there at the same time all of whome had been robbed. My recommendation would be not to use the Metro after about 11, taxi's are pretty cheap and there's loads of them about.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PIno32
<Content>Not a bad deal Good hotel, very close to the beach. not far from Port Olympia and 7 EUR by taxi into town. Freindly staff, efficient service, clean. You can get a good deal for this hotel via expedia, we paid 拢60 per night. Please note, this hotel is no longer owned by the AC Hotel chain and therefore certein freevies have now stopped!!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Scubasun
<Content>Great Value We stayed here for two nights in May 2005 - paid 拢70 per night which I thought was excellent value. Although it is a little out of town it is right on the beach and I preferred the quiet. Taxi is around 6 euro into town. Great hotel for short city stay  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>J0ely
<Content>Comfortable hotel but far from action I stayed in AC Front Maritim for 5 nights in April. I was there on business and needed to be close to the convention center which is about 10 minutes walking distance from this hotel. As a business hotel in Europe, I thought he hotel was just fine. English speaking helpful (for Spain) staff, front desk. Room was not big but quite comfortable with all the amenities you expect from a western hotel. The decor is modern and quite stylish (though it doesn't have much personality.) I paid $127 euros per night for double.PROS:-free bottled water (still and sparkling) from a refrig on the floor-free internet (this was critical for me and it was no problem connection from day 1)-proximity to the convention center (if important)-soundproof windows (though it's on a quiet street)-Friendly staffCONS:-if you are in Barcelona for sightseeing, this is the wrong place to stay. You are much better off staying near the city center near Plaza Cataluya. The nearest subway stop is 4 long blocks away and it's about 9 stops to the city center. Not a convenient location for sight seeing.My stay was pleasant and this hotel is quite comfortable. I would recommend it. But if you in Barcelona for leisure, you can probably find a hotel in a more central location.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>John1972
<Content>Great hotel - a little bit of a trek into the city centre I really love this hotel, the service was great and the rooms were big enough.There is a fridge on each level that provides you with free mineral water.Didn't bother with breakfast at the hotel 鈧?1 - went into the city on the metro (Selva de Mar - about 5-10 mins walk)The only thing against the hotel is the distance to the metro - but the proximity to the beach would make up for this in the summer.Barcelona is a great place and I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad place. I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights the 26th and 27th Februray with my friend.The rank it as a four star hotel but that's --------. I never understood why,it does not have a minibar in the room,it has a small desk and one chair,and the internet connection was really lousy.The room was tiny.The bathroom was quite okay,it had a nice cubicale (excuse the spelling).There is nothing else apart from the bad and the horrible Tv with very few channels.I stayed there and paid 70 euro for 2 persons with breakfast ,so for the price ,i could not complain,otherwise it is not worth paying more.They had no tissus in the bathroom,no body lotion,really nothing you have to bring everything yourself,and as for the breakfast,it was really choiceless.I loved the area since it is close to the beach,and with a shopping centre in the area.The subway is 10 minutes walk from the hotel and takes you to the centre in 15 minutes.I don't recommend this hotel,and next time i will stay in Rafael hoteles,a hotel close by,which is a much better choice.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>codnchips
<Content>Did the job, but... Stayed for 5 days during February. Our choice was determined by the need for Internet access in the room, which the hotel advertised. Its main advantages are that it is clean, catering for both business people and tourists, and room service is available if needed. A nice touch was the availability of free bottled water.On the negative side the room was tiny with only one chair for 2 people. The promised Internet access was not available for the 1st 2 days and the staff, though polite, couldn't help. No proper bar exists, and the restaurant had no atmosphere. The surrounding area is not interesting, and there is a major road to cross in order to get to the beach.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel Bbut Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in Feb 2005. Very stylish although small and very clean. Rooms good but again very small. A way out of town and right on the sea front so quiet. Nearest Metro station about ten mins walk and taxi back to hotel from centre of town about 10 euros. Make sure you know where hotel is as no taxi drivers seem to know!!!All in all a good stay and reasonable value for money. Not quite sure how it gets a 4* rating.BUTRestauarant apalling, no atmosphere, staff lacking in attention to detail and levels of service. Food available past 10 am for breakfast virtually choiceless, particularly at weekends, even though served (sorry available) till 10.30. (get down early).Very impersonal ambience in an evening.Only two english (both news) channels available on satellite tv.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern and Clean My friend and I stayed at this hotel in and it was a pleasant suprise. It's very modern (close to the likes of the W Hotel). The staff was friendly and helpful with any questions we had.The rooms were very clean and kept up by the room service. The only thing is, the room was a bit cramped so it was hard to move around. I don't know how the transportation system has progressed since I was there (March 2003) but it was a little far from the metro so we ended up doing a lot of walking. The buses also stopped at a particular time so we ended up doing even more walking after staying out at night.Overall, the hotel was great!!-Qui  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nats62
<Content>An exellent hotel Stayed for 10 days in July 2004. The hotel is excellent - stylish, clean, friendly. Its close to the (very nice) beach and out of the main centre so very quiet at night. The subway is close - we saw everything we wanted to in the City, and were thankful to return to a more relaxing environment at the end of the day. (Also, breakfast was excellent.)Front desk staff took care of problems efficiently Eg. the room card-entry system didnt work on 2nd day so we were moved to another room.The hotel was full all the time we were there. Front desk were very busy, as was the internet access.The only thing I would change: add a non-smoking section in the restaurant -- especially for breakfast.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice hotel I was very pleased with the hotel. It was nice, clean and modern. It was near the beach and about a 10 minute walk to Barcelona's excellent subway system. There's not much right around the hotel, but the close subway access almost makes up for that.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I loved this hotel! No, it is not right in the heart of Barcelona, nor in any bustling area at all, but it is a beautiful hotel. It is clean, very modern, and right across from the beach. I was also amazed at how affordable it was. Getting around from the hotel was also very easy. It is a 10 minute walk from the hotel to the nearest subway station, door to door (yes, I timed this), and the station is on a subway line that you can take to get to many of the things you'd want to see in Barcelona. I found myself usually getting off at the Las Ramblas stop (Jaume I), which was less than a 10 minute ride. The subway system in Barcelona, by the way, is amazing. It's clean, fast and inexpensive. The only reason I would not give this hotel an excellent rating is because of the lack of places to eat around the hotel. It is not that there are NO places to eat, just very few, and they don't seem to be open too late. Port Olimpico would be the closest place to find a good selection of restaurants (there are probably about 50!), but it is about a 20 to 25 minute walk.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MPecas
<Content>False Advertising We made a reservation to stay here in March of 2004 for 4 nights. When I called, they told me they had an oceanfront room, non-smoking, with a queen bed. It turns out the *only* non-smoking rooms they have (I believe they have 4) have twin beds and face the wall. Literally - you open the curtains and the wall is about a foot away. Plus, you get to push the twin beds together and have that nice crack between you all night. If you decide to go with a smoking room and you're a non-smoker, you really can smell it - we knew as soon as we walked in. Also - they did not change the sheets when we were there - I didn't ask about this when I booked because I figured every hotel puts clean sheets on every night, but I guess I was wrong! They say they have fruit in the baskets in the morning, but we never saw any. And, they fail to mention that there are *2* major streets between you and the beach, which is currently under major construction. It's the lowest hotel by the water - only 2 stories tall, so you have a negligible chance of having any view at all. It's about a 15-20 minute walk from the nearest metro stop, and then another 15-20 minutes to get into the city. On the bright side, the staff was pleasant and they have internet access, which was convenient. I had been so excited about this hotel from the website - and honestly, I don't think we're a picky couple - but we truly had a bad experience here. We ended up switching hotels back to the AC Diplomatic, which was *wonderful* -- right in the center of Barcelona, stocked minibar, and clean sheets every night!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean Hotel I was not crazy about this hotel. The staff was very friendly, however they were so busy and understaffed that they were not able to properly attend to their guests needs. Getting service at the front desk was next to impossible, and I had to wait fifteen minutes at dinner before a waiter even came to my table. The hotel itself is located in an area where there are no restaurants or shops鈥?however a great mall is located about a ten minute walk away (although I wouldn鈥檛 recommend walking there alone after dark because the streets are quite isolated). One perk of the hotel is that they do have refrigerators throughout the building that offer free bottles of spring water to guests.Although I was supposed to stay here for a full week, I actually ended up checking out after one night. I moved to the AC Barcelona Hotel at the site of the Forum and was MUCH happier there. The rate was only a few dollars more and it included breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kath707
<Content>Great weekend break! Me and my boyfriend have just come back from a 4day break from barcelona. It was a fab weekend and the hotel was good! The weather is roastin!! The hotel is across the road from the beach (which is very clean), but it is quite far from the main attractions of the city centre. The nearist metro station (Salva de Mar) will take you to the center in about 15minutes. The metro is cheap, but is full of spanish locals. (Dont go on the metro alone, and dont take it at night). The other way to get to the center is by taxi, it takes about 10minutes and cost 7-10 euros. You can just flag them down and are safe at night (and are great if you have sore feet!)The hotel rooms are bright and modern, and the bathroom was clean and had a big double shower! From 12-5 every day you can get free drinks from the little bar down stairs (Tea, coffee, coke, lemmonade, vodka  Jin!). You can also help yourself to free, cold bottled water on each floor anytime which is great. The breakfast was mostly spanish but there was a lot to choose from (even chocolate muffins!!) The hotel is very clean and staff are helpfull and speak good english. Overall the hotel was clean and modern and offers good value for money. We would recomend it if you want a quiet night sleep after a long day sight seeing and great night drinking! Cant wait to come back to see barcelona again!! Hope your holiday will be as good as ours was...enjoy yourselfs!!Oh by the way...We would also recomend getting a ticket for the 'Bus Turistic' (The open-top tourist bus). Its 20 euros each, and the 1ticket is valid for 2days. There are 3 routes around the city, and you can just jump on and off when you want, how many times you want. You get a free booklet with loads of discounts for attractions such as the Nou Camp Stadium(worth seeing!), the cable car and most musems. This bus is probally the best way to see ALL of the most interisting parts of the city and is quite cheap!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tmarti2001
<Content>Great hotel away from the noise Stayed at the AC Hotel Front Maritim for 4 nights during our honeymoon last May. While the hotel is out of the city center, it is in a perfect location: right across from the beach. There was a carnival going on at the beach during the week of our stay, which gave us a taste of the local culture. We booked a superior room, hoping for a sea view, but we were given a room with a view of the courtyard behind the hotel. Went to the front desk to see if it was possible to change to a room facing the sea, and the staff immediately switched rooms for us. The bathrooms are absolutely out of this world - everything in marble and glass. Trying to find the maker of their unique sinks, so we can get one for our bathroom at home! Only a short walk to the subway system, which gets you into the center in 10-15 min. Will stay here again when we return to Barcelona!  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ola   showReview(1855505, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clevelandtravelgirl
<Content>Ac front maritim   showReview(1787193, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice!   showReview(1777714, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katrineCPH
<Content>Perfect hotel   showReview(1624134, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Off the main track but fine hotel   showReview(1424065, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bytel
<Content>Great for a beach and city base   showReview(1365049, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern hotel, ideal for an extended city break.   showReview(1282148, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine Hotel   showReview(1137772, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not One Complaint   showReview(910256, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class   showReview(861858, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>destino2003
<Content>Molto bello ma con alcuni servizi da rivedere   showReview(23346557, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>emailanto
<Content>A recommander   showReview(21450493, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>apprentivoyageur
<Content>efficace   showReview(20451110, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon compromis   showReview(20553010, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in Strandn盲he   showReview(20553012, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Verbindung von Strand- und Stadtleben   showReview(20553011, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel azzeccatissimo per stare fuori dal centro ma cmq a 2passi!!!   showReview(20553009, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War zum zweiten Mal in diesem Hotel; wuerde jederzeit wieder dieses Hotel buchen   showReview(19641579, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour profiter de la ville dans un cadre agr茅able   showReview(19641581, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel f眉r Stadt- und Strandurlaub   showReview(19641580, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lauxine
<Content>super s茅jour dans un super hotel   showReview(18759393, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon h么tel   showReview(18527759, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moderno curato frigo bar gratuito ad ogni piano   showReview(18527758, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je garde l'adresse pour y retourner !   showReview(18527757, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis TOP   showReview(17434821, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>soddisfatto!!   showReview(17434820, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un s茅jour r茅ussi 脿 Barcelone   showReview(16610806, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann jederzeit weiterempfohlen werden   showReview(16610805, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3 giorni a Barcelona   showReview(15565633, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Solides Hotel   showReview(15565632, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>elclassico
<Content>Solides Hotel   showReview(15019921, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da provare   showReview(15565631, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comodo e affidabile   showReview(15565629, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>allez y les yeux fermes   showReview(15565630, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon H么tel en face de la mer   showReview(14731509, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une sensation de bien 锚tre   showReview(14731510, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unhotel de qualit茅 mais un peu excentr茅   showReview(13984398, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(13984397, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien   showReview(11313054, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Strandsicht   showReview(11313047, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bell'albergo   showReview(11661562, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une tr猫s bonne adresse   showReview(11446611, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>newint8
<Content>Complimenti .....   showReview(8430704, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel, gut gelegen f眉r alle   showReview(11446601, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>taromi
<Content>Kein 4 Sterne Hotel!   showReview(8363111, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons adorer l'accueil   showReview(11446600, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pour avoir Barcelone et la baignade ; adresse que nous gardons   showReview(11493706, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Staedtetouren
<Content>Zu weit vom Centrum   showReview(7817977, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel h么tel pr猫s de la plage   showReview(11432445, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缍洪簵銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161118, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓呮綌銆佹按銇ㄣ儘銉冦儓鐒℃枡   showReview(19161108, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfait.Chambre un peu petite.   showReview(11398164, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Decu par cet hotel, trop excentre par rapport au centre ville   showReview(11388705, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bonne situation   showReview(11386988, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller -   showReview(11377559, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien dans sa categorie   showReview(11377558, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Keine 4 Sterne verdient   showReview(11377557, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage am Meer, aber kein Barceloner Stadtflair   showReview(11345020, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11345019, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姘椼伀鍏ャ倞銇俱仐銇熴倛   showReview(19158903, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆愩偄銈偦銈广€戙€€銈点兂銉?..   showReview(21801649, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel !   showReview(11336748, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel front maritim   showReview(11336747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait   showReview(11345013, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>agr茅able   showReview(11336746, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon h么tel   showReview(11331949, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅莽us...   showReview(11331948, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂般仐銇忕逗楹椼仩銇戙仼銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157186, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel de nomme Front maritim...   showReview(13695379, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La stanza era una singola...   showReview(13397757, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cuando llegu茅 me asaltaron...   showReview(12651484, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

