<Author>ScubyDoo
<Content>Nice hotel - not much to do within walking distance Hi I Stayed at this hotel on business and it was ok for me being just 10 minutes away from the airport. Its probably about 15 miles from Amsterdam city. On arriving at the airport I phoned the hotel reception who confirmed that a shuttle bus was on its way, it arrived shortly after and took around 10 minutes to get to the hotel. The bus stop is A9 outside ,just to the right of arrivals. The hotel is big and modern, and at the time of staying did not have many guests. For a large hotel it was very quiet. The bar serves bar food and the restaurant does a 3 course meal for around 鈧?4. I found the drinks a little expensive with a gin and tonic at 鈧?.75.. these prices were what I paid when I stayed so may change..I ate in both nights as there did not appear to be much around the locality of the hotel that I could walk to... But the food was ok. My room was spacious and very clean with two single beds.. I forgot my travel iron and after phoning house keeping they brought me one within less than 5 minutes..the staff certainly were very friendly and attentive. I mostly found this hotel ok, my only comment was that the rooms were dimly lit and the only decent lighting was in the bathroom. I Would stay again if travelling on business, but would probably use a hotel nearer the city if visiting amsterdam as a tourist.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TEK101
<Content>Stylish Conference Hotel close to the Airport I atteneded a 2 day meeting at this hotel and was just waoh'ed by this place.The interior design of this hotel is very special - something you do not see very often in hotels. Very clear lines, a lot of glass and contemporary design make it really something special. There is a massive sensation of space in the lobby and the conference center.The hotel shutlle bus was on schedule picking me up from the airport (the ride only took 5 minutes and pick-up is every 15 minutes).The ckeck-in was very quick and efficient and I was showed to our meeting room. We had a lunch buffet organised which was very tasty and had a great variety (incl. the obligatory Dutch Milk).The meeting room was great and had all the equipment we required. Wireless Internet Access was also available and I connected without any problems.My room was on the 5th floor and was very much like the rest of the hotel - very stylish and a cool feeling to it. I very much liked the big desk to work on. I also enjoyed the designer bathroom and the WC being seperate.Breakfast was like you expect it in such a hotel: a large choice of hot, cold and local food (Hagelslaag)Staff were very friendly and welcoming (and everyone one speaks perfect English!)Overall I enjoyed staying at this trendy and styish place.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Another_TravelerA
<Content>Held Hostage in the Suburbs We booked in haste via internet as we needed a room for the night before leaving for home. Unfortunately, I didn't check the reviews or I would have come expecting the experience. It began with a late shuttle from the airport. When it didn't come according to schedule, I called the hotel to be told they'd be there in another 45 minutes (we'd already been waiting forty minutes). My husband ran inside to use the restroom and, to my surprise, the shuttle showed up. It drove away just moments before he came back! Luckily the second time the shuttle arrived earlier than the hotel had said - on schedule. Once on the shuttle we noted that although the ride to the hotel was free, the ride back to the airport was 5 Euro. As we'd expected to hop the shuttle back to the airport so we could take a train into the city, we were suddenly aware that the rate for our room (108 Euro) wasn't so reasonable. The hotel is in an industrial area 15 minutes away from the airport with no services in the immediate area so the 5 Euro charge to get back to the airport felt like we were hostages to the hotel.Because I'm a Priority Club member, we got an upgraded room. The room was very stylish (Euro style) but the sofa was pulled out into a bed - which meant that there was no floor space until we stowed it away and lifted the heavy coffee table back into the middle of the room from in front of the hotel door. What a strangely designed hotel room! At first it looked like we had two bathrooms - the toilet is just inside the hotel door, separated from the sofa area by a large table/desk. The sitting area is separated from the bed area by a very large room divider/TV stand. What looked like a second bath area was a separate room for the shower and tub. That meant that if I needed to use the toilet in the middle of the night, I had to maneuver from the bedroom all the way to the area by the doorway. Internet connection was very expensive - as others here have noted - 6 Euro for one hour and 22 Euro for 24 hours. This ended my plan to go online and find a way into the city. At the front desk we asked for a map of the immediate area - they gave us a tourist map of the central Amsterdam area. That was of absolutely no use at all. My husband asked where the center of the local area was - and they pointed in a general direction. So we headed off across a field in that general direction to find a way into the city. We found our way to a tram stop - twenty minutes away, across a field, along a dike, up over a large canal, past a large apartment complex. We relied on dead reckoning - and we're pretty good because we travel a lot and had spent the last few days getting around the Netherlands by bus so we could recognize the general areas in which we were likely to find a stop. Someone who isn't such an experienced traveler would have a more difficult time.We found our way to the tram stop - The Matterhorn which is the last stop on the #1 tram. After a nice half-hour ride, we found ourselves in the central station. Just a word to the wise - try to get into central Amsterdam in time to find a restaurant before 10 p.m. We were a little bit late and spent a half hour searching for one of the few restaurants that served dinner late. With very slow service (although the food was great), we barely made it back to the tram station in time for the last tram out at 12:15 a.m.The bed was very comfortable, the room was very quiet, and we slept well. In the morning my husband got up to find a cup of coffee (complimentary in most hotels). At that point he discovered that breakfast was not included in the room rate but that it would be 20 Euro each. As he only wanted coffee he had to talk with two different people before finally getting two very small cups of coffee for 5 Euro. As we left the hotel on the shuttle we both felt like we'd escaped from imprisonment. That was the same feeling we had when hiking across the field and dike to find the path to the tram. I left relieved that I was no longer hostage and certain that next time I would take the time to check out the hotel on Tripadvisor.com!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	1	4	3	3	2	

<Author>JimmyMc
<Content>Trendy Design, Horrible Rooms In Amsterdam for business, I found this new (six months) hotel with good public transport access and close to Schipol Airport. The hotel outside and lobby are new age trendy design, not my cup of tea but nice enough.However I discovered that the rooms were clearly NOT designed by anyone who's built a hotel before, and they are in a word hideous.Some of the problems include:* Not enough light anywhere to work* Desk across the room from only telephone* Room Thermostat can only be changed by opening the room door - otherwise it can't be read or adjusted* Stylish bathroom (stone and tile) has no shower door, resulting in flood on bathroom floor* Safe sitting on floor in closet* Internet slow like modem speed, and very high cost (over $25/day!)* Every floor has nice ice machine, but no buckets to be found anywhereDesk clerks were friendly but unempowered to do anything. Quite often the way a hotel room is designed is taken for granted, but after staying at this hotel I now appreciate much more the time and effort taken by architects and hoteliers to design a proper space for the traveler.This isn't it.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>Franyalice
<Content>Not my first choice A brand new hotel, this Holiday Inn is isolated in an airport industrial park 5km from Schiphol. It is 15-20 minutes walk to the nearest tram stop and at least 25 minutes to Leidesplein (sort of close to the center). There is a gas station about 10-15 minutes walk from the hotel and that is the only place for snacks within walking distance - no grocery, no laundry, no bank nearby.When I checked in, there were 2 dirty plastic water glasses in the bathroom, a slightly rumpled duvet on the 2nd bed and an empty key envelope between the pillows of the 1st bed ( I was offered an upgrade to compensate for this). One of the wall mounted lights was missing the bottom covering and the data port on the desk would not provide a dial tone for dial-up internet. There are reading lamps mounted to the headboard with no adjustment of intensity and reading was nearly impossible. The box lamps and desk lamp were also of minimal intensity. The bathroom lights over the sink were so bright AND there was a second set of lighting in there. The closet is narrow and shelving minimal. There is a note telling you to hang your towels (typical environmental stuff) but the only towel bar is under the sink and you can't hang your bath towel there (there is a hook next to the door but you towel won't dry if you hang it there). My room was cleaned one day with the do not disturb sign on my door (a pet peeve of mine).On the bright side, the buffet breakfast is quite extensive (if not included in your room rate, the charge is 20 euro - the least expensive room service option is about 17,50 euro). There are juices, coffee, teas, hard  soft boiled eggs, raw eggs that you can cook yourself on a griddle; cereals, yogurt and kwark, dutch pancakes (similar to crepes), sausages/bacon/hash browns; assorted lunch options (very European - cold cuts, lettuce, tomatoes, etc); assorted breads, rolls, jams  jellies plus fresh fruits.The lunch and dinner menus are a bit fancy and hotel pricey with desserts at 8,50 euro. A tasty bar snack called Savories is only 8 euro and is a collection of hot snacks....calamari, meatballs, etc.The lobby is spacious with an area called Meet @ 24/7 which has tables and chairs for 4 (about 8) and a coffee/tea machine with 24 hour access. A variety of newspapers are available in the morning. The dining room is lovely and there is another cafe in front of that room which is also comfortable. There is also some seating in front of the front desk.The staff have cheerful smiles and try their best to assist.Internet is 6 euro for one continuous hour (if you log out before 60 minutes, you are outta luck) or 22 euros for 24 hours (who stays in their room 24 hours?). There is no business center or computer available for guest use.Local calls seemed to be 70 cents if under 10 minutes but jumped to 4,90 when I was online over 10 minutes. There is no information about phone charges available (3rd party vendor to the hotel).This hotel seems to cater to airport overnighters; tour groups passing thru, airlines crew, stranded passengers. There are no mini-bars in the rooms unless you book an executive suite. There are ice machines and vending on each floor (the vending machines on my floor were 1/2 empty the week I was there).The design is long and narrow (6 floors). If you enter at the right 1/3 of the building, you walk to the center for the front desk, then you continue about 1/3 farther down to the elevator banks. If you have room 658, you then have to walk back to the far end of the hotel for your room. When the fire code was alerted and elevators suspended, a friend asked a housekeeper where the stairs were and she did not know. He located them, walked down 5 flights and could not get out of the stairwell (locked door). Several other guests had room keys deactivate on several days. One was locked out of his room for 2 hours while a maintenance person was brought from another hotel (it was the weekend).Plenty of parking for 20+ euros per day. Airport transportation is 5 euro to the airport but free from the airport. The hotel shuttle will drive you to the tram stop for 5 euro.If you need an overnight near the airport, this would be okay but if you are a tourist with no transportation, I'd not make this a first choice.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	1	2	3	3	1	

<Author>mmaann
<Content>An airport hotel. Only for overnight stays. I stayed here three nights (!) for a business convention.First surprise: the lights are not bright enough. It is pretty gloomy - I had to use the lights by the bed and on the desk to brighten up the place.Second surprise: no writing paper, no envelopes.Third: no shop, no newspapers.So, fine for one night, if you are passing through Schiphol Airport, but otherwise pretty depressing.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>stalban55
<Content>Trendy but lacking in warmth or character I spent a night in this hotel courtesy of KLM when they cancelled my flight home late at night leaving me stranded. There were lots of us waiting at the shuttle bus stop outside Schipol and some had been there for over 30 minutes. When the bus finally arrived it was way too small for the number of people, and this was also the case on the next morning when I had to catch the return bus back to the airport. Someone told me that this was a regular occurence so leave yourself plenty of time if you have a flight to catch.The hotel looks impressive when you first enter, but the extreme modernity does make the public areas characterless. My room was well fitted out and reasonably quiet, the bed was comfortable and the furnishings pleasant, but it was cold despite repeated attempts to adjust the heating. The lighting was very poor with no overhead lighting at all in the main room, simply some bedside spotlights and a couple of dim wall lights. Although I have perfect eyesight I struggled to read in the gloom and it made the room feel small. I also had no luck with getting the ADSL line to work despite repeated calls and visits to reception who did their best but couldn't understand why it wouldn't work.The breakfast was good with a wide selection of cereals, fruit, cheese and meat, bread and pastries, and hot items such as bacon and eggs. All the staff I met were professional and polite.In summary I would stay at this hotel for a night if you were flying out of Schipol as it easily accessible, but I wouldn't fancy spending longer in such a cold and clinical place.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	3	1	

<Author>Kerrywings
<Content>3 star hotel at a premium 5 star price New hotel, looked all ok when booked, expensive but decided to go ahead anyway. They gave me a room in the ground floor, no view and restaurant on first floor. Could hear people walking whole night above my head. Room was very small considering the 195 Euros a night and extra 20 euros for WiFi access and 10 Euros for parking the car. Breakfast an extra 20 euros! Breakfast (self Service) was very disorganised and managed to get some food.Bathroom small but tidy. Small piece of soap was decoration on the washing bassin....Complained on check out about the expierence, the noise in the room, the not great breakfast etc. and ....... the rate Got a nice smile and the advise to ask next time for a room on a higher floor and that the going rate in Amsterdam is 250 a night. Well that might be the case but that would be for a diffrent class of hotel.Not a great expierence and a big disappointment. I think when you have to book in ths hotel, ask for a higher floor so..  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Bellch_Who_Else
<Content>Coach Party But At 鈧?9, Worth It This is new hotel is open three months and on the night I was there appeared to have cornered the coach party market for Amsterdam. This resulted in the main restaurant not being open. However, I managed to have dinner in the bar with the full restaurant menu. Not much on offer but tasty all the same, and served up by some charming bar staff / waitresses.I was on the top floor of the hotel and heard nothing for the whole night. For a light sleeper this was quite something.Breakfast was a haphazard affair. Somethings that you expect to be there were (crispy rashers) but other things not (crusty rolls). The hotel is definitely worth the 鈧?9, but if I had been wanting a quiet relaxing dinner, the coach parties would have spoiled this. Phone ahead to check if this bothers you.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chrisny2
<Content>Good Design, But Not Quite Up To Speed This is one of Holiday Inn's newest modern design hotels. I enjoyed the design, especially the use of glass for the lobby and the bathroom.The Holiday Inn is located about 15 minutes drive from the airport. The hotel offers free shuttle service from the airport; the shuttle from the hotel to the airport is 5 Euros. Be aware that the shuttle only operates after 6am, so if you have an early flight, you may have to take a taxi (25 Euros). There is a small workout room and vending machines on each floor. The rooms have hardwood floors, which may be a bit cold in the winter. The beds, pillows, and bedding are quite comfortable. Flat Panel tvs are standard.High-speed internet is available in each room for a fee (currently 6 Euros for one hour or 22 Euros for 24-hours.) This is a non-smoking hotel, but my room smelled of cigarettes and I changed to a new room. Overall, this hotel has a good design and a very modern feel. After the staff is fully trained and operational kinks are worked out, it should be a great property.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Diemel
<Content>Brand new Hotel - Airport location Brand new hotel (opened 1 week ago) in the airport area.Modern style hotel. Nice rooms. Standard rooms - no bahttub - no minibar. Very comfy beds! Nice flat LCD screen.Hotel looks a bit sterile. But everybody was very helpful and friendly.Buffetbreakfast is worth the cost of 20 euro.Airport shuttle is free from airpo to hotel. Return cost 5 euro.Public transport to Amsterdam city center. Walk about 15/20 min. to tram stop (ask reception for direction) Take tram nr. 1 to city center (about 25 min. to Leidseplein)4 star hotel. So no fuss like a pool, sauna etc.Stay was above average. Looks promising for the future. Hope they keep the pricelevel.Now euro 99/night.Hotel is isolated. No nothing, no shops, no restaurant in the near distance. So buy your drinks, snacks or whatever in the city or at the airpo.Or from the vendingmachines or bar or restaurant in the hotel of course.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>grisonnant
<Content>le d茅plaisir d'un h么tel   showReview(22215602, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒扮潃鏃ャ伀銇究鍒┿仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(20347609, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>analoredana
<Content>non andate mai gli - sara una esperienza dura !!!!   showReview(12320245, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

