<Author>travelspirit1960
<Content>No Improvement First of all..location is good with enough local eateries that you will love to try everything on. It so accessible to almost anywhere in the city.Nevertheless.. the hotel is so run down..Breakfast was poor.very basic.Best if you skipped the whole breakfast in the hotel..more good ones outside.Staff somehow not that responsive or rather not showing good hospitality. Guess they are there just to work.Room seriously needed of extensive repairs exactly have been mentioned by previous travellers. Housekeeping is just norm  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>ray138
<Content>Location good Stayed in the Keong Saik for 5 nights in January. Booked on the reccomendation of a friend but wasn't very impressed with the room, breakfast or the service.The location is great though, close to the MRT and chinatown markets.When we arrived around 4am for our first night we found our room wasn't even made up with the 3 beds we required and the girl on the front desk wasn't very eager to help us out either.Breakfast was pretty much a cold egg, bread and a choice of one of two cereals every morning.Windows dont open, a/c leaked water and lighting was pretty poor in the room. If it wasnt for the location I would totally disregard this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Susietubbbie
<Content>Clean, spacious room but NOISY I booked this hotel based on some of the good reviews on this website and had booked myself into a deluxe room (I think it is the one they actually show on their website).The LOCATION is excellent, only a very short walk from Outram Park Interchange MRT and close to the heart of Chinatown.The ROOM was wonderful too: clean and very spacious. Unfortunately, I was on the ground floor, so could not open any windowsThe VALUE FOR MONEY again was excellent - or so I thought.My big problem with this hotel was NOISE as I got woken up about 6 times in my first (and only) night at this hotel. Guests were still shouting down corridors at migdnight and banging doors while later at night people actually sat on the pavement outside my window chattering at the top of their voices. All this was completed by motorcycles noisily speeding down the street at random intervals.Fortunately, I did not have any problems leaving the hotel the next day and was only charged for the one night I stayed there.I may be fussy about noise but if you value a quiet stay as a top priority like I do, you will not find this hotel a good choice. If you are less concerned about a noisy stay, I can see how this hotel can be a very good find indeed as otherwise it ticks all the right boxes.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>CanadianTraveler081
<Content>Do NOT Stay here Although this was a cheap find, this was probably the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. The rooms itself were smelly and dirty. There were (blood) stains on the bed sheets and garbage left in the cabinets. The hotel charges for every thing! Whether you are making a local call (charged per min), a call from room to room or plainly asking the front desk to call you a cab you will get charged. The rooms itself felt like a box. There was no room to even lay down luggage. The hotel staff were also very inconsiderate. We came in from a late flight and the staff didn鈥檛 even have the courtesy to tell us that there was a movie crew shooting a movie right in front of our hotel room. We had to wait until they were done. Please do not stay here. The value is not worth what you pay for.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Merdekaman
<Content>DISAPPOINTING I booked this hotel because of the ratings in Tripadvisor.com...it turns out to be very DISAPPOINTING.The rooms are very small, old, and the worst are the rooms at the Attic, avoid at all cost, you can't even open your luggage because there is no space! And no window, very claustrophobic.The staff were not friendly as well. When I asked to change room, one staff said I can do it at 2pm, so I slept but was rudely awakened at 12pm, so I confronted the person who looks like a supervisor, she called up the staff and the staff said she never said so, and the supervisor defended the staff adamantly. What a horrible customer service!!!!There are many more such budget hotels along Keong Saik Road, I suggests you explore further down the raod...  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	-1	1	

<Author>edony_82
<Content>good hotel in a good position We stayed 2 nights in this hotel, whose position was very confortable (in chinatown, and there is a metro station just a few minutes walk). The room was quite small and had no window, anyway clean. We had our breakfast in a small room with only two tables. The staff wasn't particularly friendly, anyway if you look for a clean budget hotel you might consider this one. P.S. by mistake they charged twice our credit card but they refunded us before we could inform them about this issue.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AUSSIETRAVELADVISER
<Content>Avoid this grubby little hotel !!! I selected this hotel on the basis of a Trip Adviser review. A ghastly mistake. The hotel stank of durian, the room was a dark cell, there were pile drivers operating next door. When I said that the room was not suitable the desk clerk said bad luck we will charge you anyway - and they did when I moved out. AVOID AT ALL COST - there are many reasonable hotels in this area of China Town - ALL better than the Keong Saik !!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>2o2y
<Content>superb value for money       double room  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mamen7
<Content>best choice boutique in chinatown I stayed there for one night, and so regreted that I hadn't had any resevervation before so I couldn't stay with them longer. Don't be misjudged by its outside, yes, it's rather old but its facilities are quite well. just under 100 SGD, you can spend a comfortable night, then have breakfast in the next morning, and within few steps, you can get to the Outram park MRT station which connects both East-West line and North-East line. It's also near a market at Chinatown Heritage center - where you can find souvenirs of reasonable price!Great location!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>francisjude
<Content>Great budget hotel in Chinatown! Since we took this holiday with our four -year-old boy, I was quite careful in choosing the hotel where we could stay in Singapore. Tripadvisor reviews basically helped me decide in booking at this hotel.My husband and I spent a total of five nights with our toddler. Although we arrived from the airport in the wee hours of the morning, the male receptionist welcomed us with a smile. We were placed in Superior Room with big windows at S$90/night.The room, though small, was very clean and cozy, with classic furnishings. My little boy immediately felt comfortable and we always had a restful sleep each night after a day of going around the city. The bathroom smells nice and always dry when we go back to our room at night. Save for the TV with very few channels, everything in the room is in great order - clean towels and linens, shiny wooden floors, bathroom with no mildew, a tea/coffee-making facility and minibar. We never had a need to call housekeeping for anything. Breakfast is simple, but enough to start your day. The staff are quite friendly, though a little more smile on their faces would be appreciated. They took good care of keeping our belongings when we left for a few days for KL. Everything is intact when we got back and stayed for one more night. They even granted our request for a late check-out on our last day.Location is great - it's only a few steps away from the Outram MRT station, a leisurely walk to the Chinatown market and MRT station, and you are surrounded by nice local restaurants. Convenience stores and internet facilities are just a few doorsteps from the hotel.Overall, you will get good value for your money. Don't know how it compares with backpacker hostels around the area, but we are definitely happy we chose Keong Saik hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>nzbased
<Content>Theft problem from locked room We have worked and lived in Singapore for 20 years and husband still works there. I accompanied him as we were going to Bali as a side trip. Booked Keong Saik as it is handy to his office. No doubt rooms are small, but are better than others in the same category. Unfortunately on this occasion, I was admitted to hospital for 3 days, and during this time someone entered our room and stole approx. $US90 and Indonesian Rupiah from a bag which was hidden at the bottom of the wardrobe. Only 2 people had access, as far as we know, the room maid who was Indonesian (!!) and a TV repair man. On checkout my husband was told there was a room safe, but no-one had shown us this - it was part of the wooden wardrobe and was up high and locked. No key was provided. What a waste of our money simply because we were not informed of the location of the safe. Neighbourhood Police were excellent, keeping us informed of their investigation at all stages, but unfortunately could not obtain a confession, so we lost our cash. Moral of the story - be sure to find the safe up high in the wardrobe and use it. Would not stay here again, sadly; management not helpful at all throughout the whole situation.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>ndutbobo
<Content>Excellent budget hotel! If you really look for a budget but excellent stay hotel in Singapore, this will be a best choice! It is for sure provide simple services but with everything you need. Located in the centre of China Town, you could easily reach the Night Market of Smith Street only in minutes for food festive of Singapore. Heading for shopping in Orchard Rd? Outram Park MRT is only in your backyard with only one stop to get to Vivo City in Harbour Front.The breakfast is simple, it will get you enough to start-off the morning until lunch! On top of all, the room is clean and everything is working well including the shower attached bath-room. It will provide you with a nice and comfy evening for the rest after long-walk around Singapore.I think I will stay again here for the next visit if I am not trying to get luxurious life there! Keep up the good service!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>A great budget hotel! Stayed here 4 nights in January 2007. My first impression was good: kind and smiling reception staff, a spacious air-conditioned lobby, a general impression of cleanliness and good organization. They offer three types of rooms: standard, superior and deluxe. The rates they currently have on their website [--] are not accurate; when I visited, they were charging SGD 70, 80 and 90 respectively for a single room, SGD 10 extra for a twin/double.I stayed in a standard room since this is basically all they had left when I arrived. My room, number 104, was on the main floor, darkish (no window) and not really inviting. The room felt musty, but upon inserting my room key in the provided slot, the air con turned on and I started to feel more comfortable within about 10 minutes.What I liked about the room: it was clean, with nice wooden floors and a large firm bed with clean sheets, a decent-sized closet with a few hangers, a small working table with wooden stool, a phone, a neat bathroom (albeit small) with good water pressure and a shower curtain to separate the shower area from the rest of the bathroom (you wonder why most budget hotels here in Singapore don鈥檛 even bother to install shower curtains in their bathrooms!).My room also featured one of these remote control units for the lights that you usually find in more expensive hotels, although it malfunctioned a couple of times during my stay, turning on the entry light around 6-7 AM on a couple of occasions. The remote control unit also controlled the air conditioning and the TV. Regarding the TV, I don鈥檛 understand why they bothered installing a 20-inch colour TV in the room while giving you access to only one channel with a crisp image!The only thing I disliked about the room was the lack of a window, which makes the room downright depressing. Don鈥檛 plan on spending any serious time in there when you鈥檙e not sleeping! Anyway, if you book long enough in advance, you should be able to get one of their deluxe or superior rooms, all with windows. If you want a room that faces Keong Saik Street, be advised that these rooms only come with two twin beds, which might not be to your liking.The clincher for me, I must say, was their wireless Internet access. The good news is that unlimited access only costs SGD 8 per day (this is a steal if you compare that to the $30 charged by Hotel 81 in Chinatown!). The bad news, however, is that you can only access it from the lobby and the breakfast area, which makes the price far less of a deal. Hopefully, this will have been remedied by the time you stay here.I visited a lot of budget hotels while in this part of Singapore and can safely say that this place is one of the better deals: for the price, you get a clean room, regular smiles from the front desk staff and even a basic breakfast thrown in!If you want a budget hotel in this city, you better do your homework carefully because there are a lot of dives in Singapore, especially in Chinatown and in the East. This place is definitely not one of them.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esorlegin
<Content>GREAT - and then some We booked into Keong Saik for the first 6 days of our 3 weeks in S E Asia. The staff are so helpful and friendly, the rooms are clean and tidy and the beds are very comfortable.DO NOT expect the Ritz and you will have a great time. Rooms at the back second floor (207,208) can be a bit noisy due to the airconditioning equpiment. Nothing that will stop you sleeping.Rooms at the front are (mostly) quiet and have some street views.To give you a point of reference - we also stayed at Traders in KL - we do enjoy our comforts.Next time we visit Singapore, we will be staying here. MRT is only 2 minutes away and there are many local restaurants to enjoy.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JuergenHeinrich
<Content>Smart and efficient I had the basic single room with no window for 65 SGD internet rate.I mean a Singapore hotel room at that low rate will not offer you facilities of an let's say 90 SGD room. There are no spacious bath rooms, no 100 channel TV, there is no fancy breakfast buffet, there is nobody who carries your luggage.I think the point is: tends that cheap hotel to noisy, dirty, unfriendly and bad located or tends it to quiet, clean, friendly and well located. In my opinion Keong Saik Hotel tends to mostly quiet, very clean and smart, quite friendly and well located if you enjoy squeezed and lively areas like Chinatown.I found the room very small but smart arranged and everything in a good shape, absolutely clean, everything works,.the materials used are nice, wooden floor in good condition, no cheap bath room tiles, huge wardrobe with many hangers, the air condition is individually controlable.The bath room is bright and clean and very small, indeed, app. 1,5 m x 2 m for toilet, washbasin and shower all together, but you got large clean towels, soap and shampoo, and the shower curtain is long enough not to turn your room into a swimming pool, everything is smart installed.The bed is around 180 cm, rather short. The mattress comfortable hard. The linen clean.The breakfast follows, let's say, Chinese pragmatism. Everything is prepacked, instant coffee sachets, jam and butter packages, cornflakes in 200g packs, even the toast is still wrapped. One chafing dish with fried eggs is the only cooked thing you meet at breakfast. A thermos to make your tea or coffee and carafes with milk and orange syrup you will also meet. Make the best of it to start your day and read the daily newspaper Strait Times they provide. Choose amongst two small tables and a kitchen bar with four high chairs to have a seat. Yes, it is squeezed and some may say it's a joke but it gives you the essential start to the day (as someone already said in the review of Feb 25, 2006).The staff is friendly, there was no problem to fix, so I cannot rate their willingness and ability to help.The location is double-edged, I think. Keong Saik Road is part of an amusement district in Chinatown, so certainly a nice place to get cheap food in simple shops and late night entertainment in clubs and bars. Nobody disturbs or approaches the hotel guests, and as everywhere in Singapore it's secure. The MRT is few hundred meters close to bring you to finer places if you want.Therefore I would not stay with my family or for honeymoon in that area and all its squeezed hotels.I come frequently to Singapore and know hotel rooms of 90 SGD and 135 SGD category, overall it was good value for money. If you can spend 90 SGD I would recommend the area of Bencoolen Street and its hotels.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Zott58
<Content>Value If this is your price range then I can recommend this hotel. The rooms are definately small (We had the basic room with no windows). But for what we paid $70 Sing Dollar we didnt expect anything flash. Linen was tired by clean. Bathroom was clean but certainly not 5 star. The staff were excelent. Breakfast was basic but gave you the essential start to the day. We stayed on our way back home as well and had a different room which was much the same.I thought it was good value considering Singapore prices and would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇傘伈銈嬨€€鍎?> 銇傘伈銈嬨€€鍎?</a> </div>
<Content>灞呭績鍦般伄銇勩亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(23099250, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mamdoo
<Content>Top in Chinatown   showReview(7402463, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	5	4	3	

