<Author>TravelLany
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay We were greeted warmly, and check-in was quick and efficient. The lady at reception pointed out all the things nearby, even though we were only in town overnight! It really made me wish we were there longer. The hotel's conveniently located within walking distance to all the popular amenties, there are tram lines all over, and of course, bicycles are available for hire.I'm 8 months pregnant, so bikes weren't really a good idea (lol) and the steps looked a bit daunting. If I can do it, you can do it! It helped that someone carried up our one bag. We stayed in Room 24, which overlooked the canal. We were upgraded - for less than I agreed upon for my original room! Our room was very clean, but the room's antique decor is sympathetic to the era of the building. Modern, chic, minimalist decor is becoming the 'in' thing, but I cannot see it working in a building such as this one. I can be easily uncomfortable right now and I had a really good night's sleep in their bed. And two different pillows - one more firm, one more feathery. I was impressed! The bathroom was fine, although small, all the facilities worked very well.It is Amsterdam, so you do get a few revelers. However, we heard our neighbors come in around 1am - chatting, etc. It was minor compared to some hotels in some cities, and I was able to get to sleep again in no time thanks to those great beds. As is customary in much of Europe, beds are two singles pushed together.Breakfast is a bit overpriced but good quality. We had a good snack at the Admiral just steps from the Ambassade.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Eveliene
<Content>pure character       carefully locking our bikes  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shpap
<Content>Loved the Ambassade We stayed here for a week in October while visiting friends and family in Amsterdam. The hotel staff were very helpful in planning our days and also with restaurant reservations. The hotel is in a terrific location. While we tried other places for breakfast, their breakfast is very good and you are able to eat leisurely or quickly which is not the case at most nearby cafes. The only other breakfast restaurant we really liked was the pancake house. One thing I missed in the rooms -- a coffee maker and way to make tea.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skotti56
<Content>Superb location, real character This hotel is a real antidote to the bland modern corporate hotels you find all over the world (and also in Amsterdam). Every room is different and our group had three rooms - all very different, all very nice. This is not really a business hotel so it is far more suited to holidays and weekend breaks. The location on the Herengracht and Singel canals is great and all of our rooms had canal views. We didn't need to use public transport at all as most of the sights were within walking distance.Breakfast was extra but definitely worth it. Very friendly staff and a beautiful room. The choice was truly excellent and it was a great start to each day.All of the staff were very pleasant and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>c-burd
<Content>Shabby rather than shabby chic Plusses-Great location- handy for canal belt, Jordaan, Nine Streets, and centruumVery friendly and helpful staff- probably the best that I've encountered at any Amsterdam hotel Clean room with Comfortable bed and good showerNegatives-Tiny, tiny room which is shabby rather than shabby chic- no fridge, no wardrobe(!?), no storage at all in fact, small windows. Very claustrophobic I'm afraid. I know this is Amsterdam and that rooms are generally small but for e209 per night room only this seemed overpriced.On the whole I'd say this hotel is fine- good even- just know what you are getting- small rooms which are very clean but looking a bit tired and shabby. If you want luxury or something special for a special occasion I'd look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Travelgurl3
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the Ambassade Hotel (in room 63) for 2 nights in August and loved it. Room 63 is a delux canal-facing room and it was perfect. The windows are huge and open up right over the canal, which was beautiful. I had called up prior and asked for a newly renovated room, which had been suggested on this site, and it was much better, as it felt newer and some of the other rooms I peeked in. The hotel itself was like staying in a mansion. It was truly a great experience and exactly what I wanted from an Amsterdam hotel.We also had breakfast both days. Although on the pricy side (16 Euros / person) it was truly a feast and kept me full until 7pm.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>resistk
<Content>Groot Place Spent a night at this very comfortable hotel. One of the most comfortable rooms I have ever been in. Everything is perfect. Hotel is centrally located bu quiet. Just be careful ate at night to remember which side of the canal the hotel is on, if you forget, you may be wandering around for a while. Free Internet and a printer too if you need it.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobertKaren
<Content>Nice Hotel very central with Canal view We stayed at the Hotel Ambasssade for just over a week in early April 2008. Having stayed there before in 1989 and 2006 the hotel hadn't changed.We got a room overlooking the Singel on the 1st floor although our preference was for a room overlooking the Herengracht. The room wasn't overly spacious (we had 4 bags due to our 6 month journey) and we also wanted a double bed as opposed to 2 singles shoved together. We swapped rooms after the 2nd day and got a Herengracht view and a larger room with a comfy double bed.Breakfast at the hotel is great, canal view with lots of choices of food. Staff are typically dutch, friendly and speak great English.We had 1 small hitch. When we changed rooms we also asked to extend our stay by 2 days. The manager told her us that she was sure that would be fine. we got a phonecall 2 days before we wanted to leave saying we had to vacate the room by 12. They suggested and organised another hotel for us.All in all a very comfortable hotel. not cheap but very central with great canal views.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Toadvine
<Content>An Excellent Choice My wife and I had made reservations at another hotel for our first Amsterdam visit, but a sale and renovations forced us to make new arrangements. Fortunately we were redirected to the Ambassade.Our comfortable room was on the fourth floor overlooking the Herengracht, and it was close to a lift. The staff were most attentive and helpful, and the lobby computer access made e-mail checking a breeze. It would be idle to point out that the staff spoke perfect English, since we couldn't find anyone in Amsterdam who didn't. The surrounding canal area is charming, and a few blocks away on Spuistraat, for example, are shops, inviting sidewalk cafes, and many quality restaurants of all kinds. The hotel is a good starting point for exploring Amsterdam, as many spots such as the Anne Frank Haus are nearby, and tram stops are within a couple of blocks. Do not bring an automobile for all the negative reasons one can imagine.Breakfast at the Ambassade is certainly ample, and we ate at the hotel for two mornings, but at 16 euros a pop, one can have a nearby cafe breakfast and a cappucino at half the price if you choose.We did indeed enjoy our stay, and feel fortunate that we stumbled on what has to be one of the nicer spots in Amsterdam, a Paris with canals. We would certainly return.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZenMommy
<Content>Ten reasons we love the Ambassade Hotel       Eat at Zuid Zeeland --just up the street from the Ambassade  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>zannan
<Content>A quiet good place to stay My wife and I did stay in this hotel for 2 nights and thoroughly we enjoyed it very much.the staff especially at the reception were extremely helpful and friendly and always smile and patient with our requests .Our room was good and very clean , with a view to the Canal.Its location was also the point , close to shops and and within walking distance to almost other places.Overall, we like the stay here much .Thankto the staff at Ambassade Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>omotors
<Content>One more great experience Spent three nights here in early May. I just read the last few reviews and see no point in repeating what others have eloquently said already. I just wanted to add my 2 cents worth and say that this is a wonderful hotel that reflects its city. Well worth the expense.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holland33
<Content>Perfect location, wonderful suites I decided to make a last minute solo trip to Amsterdam for the weekend and chose the Ambassade based on a recommendation by conde nast traveller. I booked the last available room, a single, which was comfortable and well appointed, but without a canal view. When I inquired about the availability of a canal view, they moved me to a junior suite for an additional 50 euros, which overlooked the herengracht canal and was well worth the price. The room was well appointed, with a soft pillowtop bed, small rear facing balcony, and a sitting room with a lovely large desk and 3 huge windows overlooking the canal. The bedroom was well decorated with some great furniture, flat screen tv, and some really cool art, which is a hallmark of the hotel. The location in the nine streets was ideal, close to the tourist attractions but with a quiet, residential feel in what must be one of Amsterdam's more fashionable neighborhoods. I didn't do breakfast in the hotel, there is a super cafe on the corner, Odette's, with excellent breakfast and lunch, outdoor seating and great views of Hollanders going about their daily lives on wheels. I have previously stayed at the Dylan and the Pulitzer, and truly preferred the Ambassade for its hominess for half the price, though it lacks the restaurants, common areas, lounges of the others. If you are looking for a scene, this isn't it, I'm 32, and must have been half the average age. But it was perfect for a quick, quiet getaway.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>schamber
<Content>The Ambassade Hotel was excellent!       Stairs to one of the rooms  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hamilton6
<Content>Charm.... and service We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. The front desk people were amazingly efficient and extremely patient and helpful with our questions and our requests for recommendations. We had a comfortable, well-appointed room overlooking the Singel Canal. The location was perfect in terms of being able to walk to almost all places we wanted to go. We loved everything about this property, but most kudos to the staff who always made us feel welcome and appreciated.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>back-to-bach
<Content>Charming hotel. A wonderful hotel in a great location. We had a lovely room, beautifully decorated, overlooking the canal. There is no bar but they serve drinks, coffee and tea in their several common areas and breakfast in the dining room. Internet access is free. Staff is very helpful and gracious. I recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shipnc
<Content>Great service and atmosphere       hotel from across the canal  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>p750777
<Content>charming little hotel If you are looking for a bland corporate type hotel with numerous facilities then this place is not for you. If however you are looking for something a little quirky then this may just be for you. The location is excellent on a quiet canal side with a charming lobby and excellent service, we were in a standard room which was newly painted, the and large with high ceilings. We only had an interior courtyard view but some rooms have canal views which are lovely.The breakfast room is lovely but at 16 EUR is not cheap, there are however some excellent cafes nearby.The pros - quiet but central location, large room size, newly refurbished, excellent service, high pressure showerThe cons - very soft 'squidgy' beds, no tea coffee in room and no minibar, some rooms can be noisy.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>tomnativenewyorker
<Content>Not Bad, but overpriced       enterance  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Crucairn
<Content>Excellent Service We returned after a 4 day stay at this hotel and had a fantastic time for my husbands 40th birthday. The staff were incredibly helpful and went out of their way to ensure we had a pleasant stay. Hotel very close to tourist areas and main shopping areas. Great eating places just on the doorstep. Hotel is lovely. When we arrived our room wasn't ready and there had been a technical problem which they weren't able to fix for that night. We were put up in a 5 star hotel round the corner which was lovely. The next day upon our return we were upgraded to a lovely apartment next door to hotel which had it's own front door with lovely views over the canal. We had a lovely bathroom downstairs with spiral staircase leading to mezzazine floor which was fantastic and had the most amazing comfy bed! They went out of their way on my husbands birthday and had reserved a table at the window and had tied the balloons to the seat and produced a cake with the candle I gave them so ten out of ten for that. I had a little fall when I was there and they even went to the chemist to get paracetamol and delivered on a silver platter with a glass of water - service or what! Would definately go back and recommend to anyone who hasn't visited before. Thank you to all staff.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr-Jill-from-NH
<Content>Canal House Charm The Ambassade's canal house architecture simultaneously constitutes its biggest charm and sole negative aspect. Unlike some Amsterdam hotels that have essentially gutted historic canal house structures, leaving a sterile building covered by a thin veneer of historic facade, the Ambassade respects the original 17th century structure. The public rooms have high ceilings, cut crystal chandeliers, ornate woodwork, and impressive reproduction antique furniture. There are small nooks and crannys, such as the rooms off the lobby that house computers for guest use and a library filled with books signed by authors who have stayed at the hotel. (The latter is a lot of fun for book enthusiasts.) Guest rooms have expansive windows looking out onto the Herengracht (Gentleman's Canal) or the Single canal. On the other hand, there are few elevators and the stairs are extraordinarily steep by North American standards. Do yourself a favor and have the bellman deliver your luggage to the room!Besides the architecture, I enjoyed the hotel's location, my room's high-quality amenities, and the superb service. The hotel was a brisk 20-minute (or less) walk from literally anyplace I was interested in going in Amsterdam: the museum quarter, the floating flower market, pedestrian shopping streets, the nightlife of the Leidesplein, great restaurants, historic canal house museums, and the central train station. Plus, it was only a block from an Albert Hein supermarket that stocked ready-made sandwiches and snacks. The hotel is in an affluent area and I felt comfortable walking by myself at night (and I am female).The rooms contained high-thread-count sheets, quality toiletries, and free wireless internet. A welcome snack of two apples and two bottles of mineral water awaited me. The room was surprisingly spacious and light-filled. The Ambassade offers 24 hour room service and very helpful staff. Several of the front desk clerks were greeting me by name from the second day on. They made dinner reservations for me, offered to print out boarding passes, pointed out the nearest grocery store location, and (when I complained about the weight of my laptop computer) offered to deliver my computer to my business location! For people who like the spa experience, the Koan Float spa associated with the hotel is only two doors away.The Ambassade has had an excellent reputation for many years. My parents stayed there in 1985 and were similarly impressed. Hopefully they will remain a choice destination for quite some time. I will certainly return.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Diptych
<Content>Not the corporate norm Only a brief note because it is a month or so now since I stayed in this lovely hotel. However, I can't believe that standards will have slipped in the interim so here are my thoughts.The Ambassade is one of those canalside properties converted from a number of adjoining townhouses. Of course it is quaint, picturesque and beautifully situated! However, it was the standard of service that impressed me. The staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant, packing me off with an umbrella when it was wet and windy and welcoming me back with a smile at any hour of the evening. All my business related enquiries were speedily answered and resolved. A small meeting room was arranged at a moment's notice - and a flask of coffee arrived unbidden.The rooms are small but perfectly adequate and well equipped. I would suggest that the layout of the hotel across several floors and featuring countless small flights of stairs would make it a poor choice for the elderly but - for anyone else - the higgledy piggledy nature of the place adds to its charm. I have stayed at The Pulitzer which (I think) was the first hotel to adopt this concept and is certainly the most celebrated. In my view The Ambassade trumps The Pulitzer on every front.I will certainly return to this hotel on my next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>proodle
<Content>Charming hotel with character A lovely hotel with canal location and in an old property. Service is fantastic, room has character and the location is chocolate-box Amsterdam. WIFI internet for free is also a bonus.However, the fixtures are not brand new and due to the layout of the building, there are many stairs and winding corridors.But if you can put up with those oddities, this place is lovely.Service was exemplary.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Holly11Wales
<Content>Disappointing I joined my husband last weekend in Amsterdam as he had been working over there. He chose this hotel for its location and having looked at the website, decided this would be a great place to stay. Well, it was ok and nothing more. Our room was small and cluttered and even though it's December, very warm and stuffy. When we tried to open the window, it kept slipping down. The bed, which was quite comfortable, was pushed up against a wall, so only one bedside table. Not a disaster, but if an elderly couple stayed there, there would be problems getting up in the night. On a personal note, I always like tea/coffee making facilities in the room but there were none here. The other thing I found surprising was that there was no bar or restaurant in the hotel. We probably wouldn't have eaten there as we had been recommended a few places, but it would have been nice to have a drink before we went out, particularly as the weather was appalling on Saturday evening.On a more positive note, the breakfast was very good, plenty of choice and attentive staff.Would I stay there again? Probably not at the price but the location was good and in a very attractive area.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bvlovetraveling
<Content>Awesome Ambassade We booked our reservation through tripadvisor, and once again, the reviews were spot on. The hotel is in a great location close to everything. The service was extremely friendly and helpful. The room we had was perfect. My wife and would highly recommend this hotel. The room was nicely furnished, clean, spacious as far as European standards, and was overall, top notch. The only suggestion we have is if people are elderly, the stairs are quite narrow as once again, typical in boutique european hotels. We only passed by maybe one or two other hotels that were as nice as Ambassade. If you want to be in the middle of the fray, this is not the right hotel. If you're ok with a 10 minute walk to Dam Square or redlight district, then this is the place!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MrsJCF
<Content>Ideal location Situated in the Nine Streets amongst the historic canal houses, this hotel is ideally placed for all tourist attractions which are within walking distance. The breakfast is excellent, a perfect start to the day in a calm, refined atmosphere. Good value too. Restaurants are to be found around every corner. The staff at the hotel are very courteous and helpful. Our only complaint was the person who arrived back at 4am every morning, making a heck of a din. I assume this was a member of staff as we saw no other guests in our 'house' (room 71). Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>stmayo11
<Content>Ideally located, helpful  I just returned from a great stay at the Ambassade Hotel in Amsterdam. We had room 26 (a double room) which worked out great since my wife and I were traveling with out 4 yr. old son. (Attention Families, Room 26 was perfect for us since it had a small room off to the side with a small twin bed just perfect for our son.)Rose at the front desk was particularly helpful after we mistakenly left a bag at the airport. They even helped us shorten our stay by one night by helping to contact our airline's local number and speaking with a local agent. Our room seemed a bit larger than other typical European hotel rooms. Furniture was better than average. Due to persistent rain, umbrellas were always available in the lobby, which we made use of repeatedly. (And the umbrellas were not poor quality either).The location, in my opinion, could not have been any better for what we wanted out of a hotel room in Amsterdam. It seemed to be perfectly located amongst dozens of small antique/varietty shops, bars/pubs and coffee shops. There were so many things to see and do which were all just a few minutes walking distance from our hotel.Breakfast was a bit expensive inside the hotel, but we splurged on our last day and I believe it was well worth the price paid. Breakfast had great variety, eggs were prepared as we requested and the coffee was, as expected, great. Fresh fruit, juices and bread, salmon, cheeses, etc.Overall, our stay at Ambassade Hotel was an excellent experience and since Amsterdam is so easy to reach from the US and the Middle East (where I work), we likely will return to Ambassade again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kitty33
<Content>Your Own Private Amsterdam! Just returned from 11 days in Amsterdam, Paris and London. Our first stop was Amsterdam and the Ambassade. My husband and I prefer a certain type of hotel, especially when we travel in Europe, one that is on the smaller side, high on the comfort meter and allows you to experience the city as authentically as possible. That usually means a townhouse or boutique hotel without an elaborate lobby or common areas that provides services if you want them, luxurious rooms and the ability to come and go as you please without alot of walking down long halls, crowded elevator trips etc. A sort of home away from home. After much research, I determined that the Ambassade seemed to fit the bill, and I was not disappointed. I booked a canal view junior suite through their website several months in advance and had excellent communication with the staff several times before we left.Upon arrival early in the morning after a long transatlantic flight, we were immediately shown to our room (Room 12) which was located in a townhouse a few doors over from the building in which the lobby was located. It had a private entrance and housed four private suites opening off of a small interior entrance hall. Our suite was a bi-level with huge, bright two-story windows looking out at the beautiful canal. Although the wndows were quite large, they were well equipped with sheer curtains as well as mechanical black-out drapes for complete privacy and light control. The first level of the suite was well furnished with two armchairs, a writing desk, chest of drawers, coffee table, TV and mini-bar. There was an extremely narrow, twisting set of spiral stairs connecting the levels which would be difficult for those with mobility problems, so ask about that when you book. We came to find that, due to the canals and narrowness of most buildings, almost everywhere we went in Amsterdam had similar type staircases. We did'nt have a problem with the stairs, but for the life of me, I don't know how the bellhop got our luggage up there. He did all the work on the way in and way out, so I did not worry about it much. Once up to the second level, we were greeted with a nicely sized bedroom, again with the huge, spectacular windows, queen bed with nice linens comprised of two singles pushed together (this tends to be the case in most of Europe, no way to get huge mattresses up there). There were also two small night tables, TV, two large closets with shelving and safe. There was also a nice sized marble bathroom opening off the bedroom with double bowl vanity, toilet and large, deep tub. Very modern and luxe bathroom amenities. Another nice perk was the free interent access for your laptop, a rarity nowadays. Needless to say, we were delighted with our room and our great canal view. The room had AC, but we did not need or use it while we were there. We did leave the window silightly open for fresh air. One thing to note is that if you are a light sleeper and need a very quiet room, DO NOT book a canal view room, book an interior courtyard room. Being on the canal and just slightly above street level, we could hear every car, bicycle bell, motor scooter and the conversation of everyone that walked by eventhough this is not a particularly busy or noisy section of the city. We expected this and it did not bother us as we live in a large city at home and tend to like those city sounds'.The hotel itself is located on the Herengracht which is the first major canal located in the canal ring immeidately outside the city center. The Herengracht is probably the most beautiful of the city's residential canals being known as the gentleman's canal. The immediate area around the hotel was very peaceful and rather quiet, however, walk to the corner and turn left and you are in the city center and very, very close to all the action and a number of VERY good restaurants, cafes, brown bars and coffeeshops. If you are into it, I particualrly recommend the Dutch Flowers Coffeeshop one block away for a laid back, peoplewatching respite. Five blocks one way and you are in Dam Square and the red light district. Five blocks the other way and you are in the Leidsplein and the Museum district. Come back to the hotel, and you find peace and solitude. The location is absolutely IDEAL!Roomservice at the hotel was very quick, good and comparatively reasonable (compared to other major European cities). Food in Amsterdam in general is surprisingly good and we had more than one memorable meal there for a reasonable price. Do beware of pickpockets ( my husband's wallet was stolen from his jacket on the second night at one of the nearby cafes.) Do not carry too much cash or your passports, train or airlines tickets etc. Be alert and carry wallets and purses with care as many areas of the city are congested and you will come in contact with crowds. Use your room safe, although we had absolutely no issue with security at the hotel. This is not to say that Amsterdam is a particularly dangerous or crime laden city. It is like any other major city and suffers from a certain amount of petty theft. In general, we found the people there to be very friendly and helpful. Everyone speaks English and everyone is an individual. You will probably not find a more bohemian, laid back, tolerant, friendly city anywhere on Earth. Everyone fits in!Be careful of cars and bicycles. Walking the streets requires a certain amount of alertness and we did a good amount of dodging vehicles of all kinds until we learned the rules of the road which seemed to be cars, bikes and anything with wheels tends to have the right-of-way and pedestrians, look out!As for the remainder of the hotel, the lobby was cozy and comfortable. The staff and housekeeping was impeccable and service, in general was flawless.We have found our home in Amsterdam and will return for years to come. Many thanks to the Ambassade and it's staff for a memorable stay!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manengland
<Content>Best Hotel in Amsterdam My wife and I stayed for a long weekend at the Ambassade at the begining of Sept. I had contacted them by e-mail early in the year to make the arrangements, they always responded promptly and were extreamly helpful.The location is ideal whatever your Amsterdam plans are.We stayed in a senior suite which had a large lounge with great view, excellent bathroom with 2 wash basins, large shower and nice bath. Bedroom was super with a comfy large bed. Only slight criticism is the minimal storage space for clothes.Staff very helpful - gave local advice and made restaurant bookings for us.Loved it and would definitley stay there again. Certainly the room we had was not suitable for disabled people as the route to it involved mant steps and stairs.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheskabrit
<Content>Magical Canal Views I reserved a two level room on the canal side as a special treat for our first night in Amsterdam. The bath was especially wonderful as the gigantic tub provided a much needed soak after the overnight flight. I could hear the bike bells as people rode by on the way about their day. The bed was a bit soft, but the location on the back side of the building was quiet. Windows on the slanted ceiling looked out onto a small courtyard.The main salon on the first level was done in classic style with a brocade sofa and matching chairs. I did not try the breakfast, but had a delicious meal from room service. It was especially tasty after the visit to the coffee shop across the canal to work up an appetite!The location was excellent and the staff pleasant and helpful with directions and suggestions for things to see and places to eat. The suggested Tempoe Doloe for Rijstaffel. It was fantastic.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>StealthySteven
<Content>Fantastic Hotel with Noisy Maid       Living room viewed from spiral staircase  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dontcallmeillcallyou
<Content>Terrific Experience This hotel is a real treat. I recommend the top floor overlooking the canal. The wood beamed ceilings and the spacious room. The breakfast is pricy but it's a real treat. I would suggest you try it at least one morning.It was a great total experience.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>milepig
<Content>I continue to love this hotel If you want a hotel in Amsterdam where you will be greeted by name as a returning guest this one is it. I'm there 3-4 times per year and it just keeps growing on me. All I need to do is e-mail them to say I'm coming and I'm all set. They know the rooms I prefer and I almost always get the same one. They know me by name when I walk into the lobby and just hand me the key - no formalities, no paperwork, no I need your passport, just welcome back. On my most recent trip I got one of the outside entrance rooms and actually liked it. You go in through your own door and the room was a two level sort of suite, with a living room and the bath on the first floor and a bedroom upstairs.When we arrived without our luggage (Lufthansa having lost it) they immediately took the information from us, contacted the baggage people and tracked the bag until it arrived the next day.The hotel is clean, convenient, and friendly. Everyone has always been very helpful. Do note that this is not a hotel for the handicapped since there is no way into any room (that I know of) that does not require at least a few steps.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joni*girl
<Content>Aristocratic Ambassade We just returned from our stay at the Ambassade, and loved every minute of it. I will confess that I am pretty fussy when it comes to hotel rooms; it's my favorite part of the trip and I want it to be lovely. The Ambassade did not disappoint in any way, from the property, to the location, to the staff. The property and location:The title says it all, the hotel sits like a dignified gentleman on the Herengract (Gentleman's) canal. (I think I read that somewhere before, but I don't remember where... ) The location is perfect, less than a 10 minute walk from Dam Square, and right at the fringes of the Nine Little Streets shopping district. It seems as though everything is at your fingertips, from restaurants to the tram, and even a cheese shop (high on my list). The lounges, library, and breakfast room are all very accessible and comfortable. The room:I was a bit worried about the size of the room - being that it is in an old canal house, and the standard size of a European hotel room is typically smaller than in the US, but the size of our double room was perfectly fine. You couldn't practice your ballroom dancing, but you weren't squeezing by the furniture as you walked around it either. We had a standard European king bed (which was 2 twin mattresses with a common headboard, so beware the abyss) which was very comfortable, two big fluffy pillows each, and we each had our own twin-sized duvet. The room was also furnished with a desk and chair, 2 nightstands, a TV / stand, and two large-seated, comfy armchairs with a marble-topped coffee table. Our Room 45 overlooked the canal, through large wall-to-wall windows. The housekeeping staff kept it immaculate throughout our stay, I'd swear they changed the sheets and duvet every day! The staff:By far, the greatest asset to the Ambassade is their staff. Besides the meticulous maids, the reception desk is generous, accommodating, and personal. By the end of our week-long stay, it was obvious they recognized us and one conceirge even addressed us by name! They handled all requests with professionalism and grace, and all shared an expert knowledge of the city.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>carol55
<Content>Beware the basement room Just got back from the Ambassade Hotel today. We booked this hotel based on good reviews from Trip Advisor. However, there is a huge disparity between rooms in this hotel and you need to make sure you get on a good one. We arrived (very tired from travelling) and were shown to our room (Room 60). It had its own entrance from the street and was just below street level. We were disappointed but decided not to make a fuss but instead get out and enjoy the city immediately.That night we could hardly sleep. The room was very hot and had no air conditioning. We tried to leave the window open but had to close it because - being below street level - the noise outside was very loud. In the morning we asked for another room. We were moved with no difficulty whatsoever which makes me think that many people complain about this room. The second room we got (Room 72) was lovely. It was on the first floor overlooking the canal and had air conditioning. It was great to be able to lie in bed and watch the boats go by on the canal. To make up for our dissatisfaction with the original room, we were offered complimentary breakfast. This was a very nice goodwill gesture because breakfast is expensive in the hotel.The hotel itself is in an excellent location and the standard of decor and cleanliness was very good. The staff were polite and helpful.Despite the bad first day, I would still recommend this hotel but only on the basis that other travellers are aware that they need to be careful that they do not get an unsuitable room. Also it might not suit people with limited mobility because many of the staircases are very steep, narrow and curved.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Stewart62
<Content>Exceptional My wife and I travel extensively, and we had just arrived in Amsterdam from an overnight trans atlantic flight which had us arriving even earlier than expected.While we did not expect to have our room available at 7:30 in the morning, the reception we received was warm and accommodating. They offered to hold our luggage for us, and provided extensive information on the city sites. As well, they suggested we make dinner reservations for that evening as the many restaurants in that area often fill up on a Saturday night. They made several recommendations, and offered to call at a later time once the establishment we had chosen would be open. We also expressed interest in attending a concert at Amsterdam's reknowned concert hall the following day, and they offered to make the necessary inquiry while we were out during the morning. As check out time for the hotel is noon, they could not confirm the room we requested would be available before early to mid afternoon, although they would put a special rush on it once it was available. They invited us to relax in the lounge if we were so inclined, but we opted to go out and explore the city.Needless to say, the charm of Amsterdam captivated us and we did not return until approximately 1:30 that afternoon, only to find the room was indeed ready for us and our luggage already placed in the room. As well, our dinner reservations were confirmed for the time requested (and the restaurant was indeed full that evening and numerous parties were turned away if they had not made reservations), and concert tickets had been put on hold for us for pick-up either later that day or early on the following day of the performance. The concert seating was perfect, and we could not have asked for better seats, despite the venue being all but sold out.Upon arrival to the room, there were absolutely no disappointments. Beautifully done, subtle touches, and while slightly on the smaller side as compared to many North American hotel rooms, the attention to comfort and detail was evident in every way.I rarely give full marks to any establishment, but the Ambassade and its staff more than exceded our expectations. Without any hesitation we will definitely stay there again on future visits, and would absolutely recommend this hotel to both leisure and business travellers. The one caveat is that the hotel would not be appropriate for families with young children or persons with mobility issues. The property is indeed a true remodelling of existing canal homes, and access can be difficult given the steep stairs found in some instances. This is not a crticism but simply a statement of fact, and in no way lessens the charm of the property or the very helpful and accommodating staff.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maccroom
<Content>bp glos. be warned .i the builders arrived at seven in the morning(six am british time). they do not wear carpet slippers! although our room was spacious with separate sitting room and super bathroom it had just been completed and smelt strongly of paint which could make you sick.. the bedroom window gave us a view of scaffolding and netting while the sitting room window was broken and would not open. the breakfasts were excellent but very expensive unless you want cooked breakfast which they did to order. the location is very good. had we had a better room even if it had been small we would have been happier. let us hope we can get in to the Eshterea next time  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Claire_murray
<Content>Canal views in quieter area of Amsterdam We arrrived at the Ambassde early on Friday morning. The room wasn't ready but we were able to leave our bags with them and when we returned they were in our room waiting for us (nice touch after a hectic day sight seeing).Our room was at the back of the hotel facing over the Singel canal and we had an excellent view (photo's attached!). It was also quieter than the front of the hotel - which was a bonus. Although the traffic in the area is surprisingly light.The hotel is lovely. Whilst the furniture is antique the atmosphere in the hotel is not. Its bright and modern whilst retaining the charm of its canal house location. Breakfast was excellent.The hotel has a lovely library containing books signed by writers who have stayed there - there are 2000 of them and you know looking at them that you're in good company. The location of the hotel is probably its main selling point. Its outside the busy areas around Dam Square but still less than 5 minutes walk to the shops and tram stop. Its within walking distance of all the major sites and is surrounded by small shops, bars and restaurants.We had a very enjoyable stay - highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorG
<Content>Your Own Canal House We stayed in the Ambassade for two stretches in late December 2006 and early January 2007. Over the course of both stays, the staff was incredibly accomodating and friendly. The hotel itself is what you would expect from the websites and reviews here: a series of beautiful canal homes on the Herengracht, slightly quirky and in what we considered to be the best and most convenient part of Amsterdam. The quirkiness is a result of connecting 10 separate homes. But, unless you can't navigate stairs (unfortunately, none of the rooms appeared suitable for a disabled person) or would like to have 5+ rooms next to each other, we didn't find the lay out to pose any problem. Each time we were there, we had canal view rooms consistent with our request. The first, room 73, had beautiful views up and down the canal. Beds are the seemingly standard for all but the high-end business hotels in Europe (i.e., on the small side and two singles pushed together). Plenty of room in the bathroom and amazing water pressure.The second visit, they upgraded us to a suite, room 20. The room was right off the street and slightly below street level. This meant we had our own door to the canal and it felt like you had your own apartment. The downside is the ceilings are about 6'2 and the shower was a bit of a squeeze. Being on the street also increased the noise, although we found this area of Amsterdam to be very quiet (other than the bomb-like fireworks that are set off all over the city all day on New Years Eve - we got used to them, but it was a little unnerving at first).I'd agree with the comments that breakfast probably isn't worth the price given what's available at nearby bakeries and restaurants, but it looked very good and it's certainly worth visiting the breakfast room and lounge.Again, the staff, location and uniqueness of the Ambassade were fantastic and helped make for a memorable Christmas and New Years.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joansmithe
<Content>Charming Dutch Hotel I was pleasantly surprised at the comfort of the rooms even though they are small. The beds and linens are very comfortable and there are nice amenities in the bath. The breakfast is overpriced and I would recommend that you go to a local rest. instead. The front desk is extremely helpful which makes it so much easier in a strange city.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>WillowG
<Content>Lovely hotel My husband and I recently stayed at the Ambassade for 5 days. We had a lovely, spacious canal-view room (requested when we reserved). I was amazed by how quiet the room was, despite being on street level. All staff were extremely polite and friendly. Public areas of the hotel are charming, with original prints and paintings by Dutch artists on the walls, antique furniture and decorative objects, and a cozy library lined with books written by authors who have stayed at the hotel. This is not a hotel for anyone with mobility problems; because it is made up of many old townhouses that have been connected, there are narrow, winding stairs between floors, and many rooms are quite distant from the front desk. If that is not a problem for you, this is a wonderful hotel, located in a charming and convenient part of Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>snoober
<Content>Loved it! Excellent and helpful staff, beautiful room. I really enjoyed the traditional canal house atmosphere. Great breakfast. All the amenities you'd want. Luxurious.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sfarmer1228
<Content>Perfect Location       Rainbow from our room  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zswaps
<Content>We loved staying at the Ambassade We splurged for a one bedroom suite, and the hotel did not disappoint. We stayed in May for 3 nights. There was one hiccup when we initially arrived, but the hotel was very accomodating and changed our room the next day. We were traveling with a toddler, and they gave us a room in one of the other buildings that 1) had a very steep and narrow circular staircase, and 2) did not have a separate bedroom. I had specifically asked for a separate bedroom when I made the reservation, so the hotel changed our room to the main building the next evening. Room 47 was beautifully appointed, very clean, and had a full view of the canal. The hotel is perfectly located, blocks from the main Spui street with restaurants, and easy access to trams.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jess6612
<Content>We were lucky We were lucky to get one of the renovated rooms in this hotel--the bathroom was totally updated and the furnishings were very nice (except for the blanket which was old and pilled, and the bedspread which had seen better days). We overheard a conversation at the front desk with a very dissatisfied guest who had one of the badly located and non-renovated rooms. So it is luck of the draw.We enjoyed the room service but felt sorry for the waiter who had to negotiate the crazy steps with heavy trays. Loved having BBC 1 and 2 on the TV.Breakfast was very nice but pricey. Location is excellent for walking to all sights.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mikeinhackney
<Content>Beware! This hotel can be pleasant, but only if you get one of the good rooms. We did not. Although we had reserved several months in advance, when we arrived we were shown into a basement room - the only window was facing the stairwell leading down from the street. There was therefore neither light nor privacy. The fittings and furniture were of poor quality. The staff member who showed us to the room clearly knew it was a disgrace and ran away as fast as he could. At a quarter of the price, the room might have been acceptable. But for a hotel that boasts of its elegance and amenities, it was shamfeul. We complained, and 24 hours later were moved to a superior room - but without an apology for having stuck us in a basement for a day. Nothing on the hotel's website gives an inkling that one could end up shunted into such inferior and unpleasant accomodation. The breakfast is as good as other reviewers say, but it's extremely expensive; you can get food every bit as good at a fraction of the price at a number of cafes within walking distance.I know this hotel has some superb rooms, but I would't stay there again, even if I was guaranteed one of the better rooms. I found the management's atttitude quite cynical. Mike, London  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>chu_csy
<Content>Lovely hotel Room 12 juinor suite is beautiful, except you might found it bothersome from the noise of canal cruise in the morning. You cannot close the window as there's no air-conditioing, September is wam. Best part this hotel, location is perfect, easy access to all direction. It is a lovely hotel in Amsterdam. Worth a try! Highly recommend for honeymoon, anniversary or any special occasion for a couple.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Tiffany2
<Content>Why go to Venice when you have Amsterdam The Ambassade is located on one of the most scenic and quiet canals in Amsterdam. Although our room was very spacious and located facing the canal, we found a bench on the corner where we would spend our evenings - relaxing and just soaking up the atmosphere before retiring for the evening.The hotel staff was very helpful and very courteous. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Victorovna
<Content>Charming, but absurd. I am surprised to read the TripAdvisor reviews of visits to the Ambassade in August. We were there for two nights mid-month, and while it is a very lovely spot, with beautiful common rooms and a very good breakfast, we found the lack of air conditioning to be a real problem. We were also astounded at the elevator situation. Because the five buildings have not been made to communicate with one another, one must use the treacherous tower stairs (yes, very charming but not very navigable) or use the elevator which did not bring us anywhere near our room. We had to ascend and descend another two flights of tower stairs to get there, not to mention wrong turns and switchbacks along the way. The bellboy told us that the hardest part of his job had been learning how to navigate the hotel using the elevator! My suggestion to middle aged travelers: Get a (very expensive) room on the first floor, and visit in spring, winter or fall.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Weez31
<Content>Hotel Ambassade Great hotel in a super location. Series of old canal houses converted into lovely and comfortable rooms overlooking the canal.Our room had huge glass windows that opened up opposite our comfortable sitting area where we could watch the boats sail by and take in the afternoon and early evening sun. Thehotel also had a beautiful breakfast room and adjacent sitting room. There was a lovely library downstairs and ample room in various sitting areas in and about the lobby. They also had free internet! Staff was pleasant aand most helpful, especially w/restaurant recommendations. Staying here was like being a resident of the neighborhood. A wonderful experience.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dridge60
<Content>Stellar location, fine hotel We spent 3 happy nights at the Ambassade. The hotel has a great location for exploring Amsterdam. Easy half-hour walk to the Van Gogh museum (we went on Friday evening, when it stays open late, and found it relatively uncrowded) or, in the other direction, to the main Railroad Station. Lots to see in between.We had a lovely two-room suite - one room fronted on the street / canal (Herengracht - gentleman's canal, I think), the other has a small balcony on the back. The only downside is that other rooms also front on the back - if people sit out there at 3am and chat, you will hear them. Oh, and the bathroom, while functional, is really quite small.The staff were all wonderful.In short: A fine place for exploring the city.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DJTraveller
<Content>One of the best in Amsterdam I am a frequent traveller to Amsterdam for business and pleasure. Generally, the hotels are old, or dirty, or very inconsistent. I have never stayed at a memorable hotel there, until I stayed at the Ambassade. Wonderful service, great location, and the room was charming- even if it has been a while since an update. The room service menu late night is not great- but it exists. It is much better for couples and families than for singles, but if you are looking for a high-standard hotel, this is the place. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cjg87
<Content>Boutique Hotel on the Herengracht Staff could not have been nicer. Rooms were ready and clean. Hotel is superbly located and in a lovely canal-side setting. The only problem was that the two-story suite was cramped, the stairs too narrow and curving, and the layout inconvenient - not much room for luggage upstairs, only bath downstairs, etc. Nevertheless, if you prefer boutique hotels you will love the Ambassade.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mr Steve-1
<Content>enjoyed my stay Stayed in room50, 1st floor, no view to speak of and quite small. there were his and hers sinks in the bathroom which was a nice touch. We used room service a couple of times, and found the service to be quick and not madly expensive. Free Internet was available (and used) downstairs in the business centre..there are connections in your room too. Breakfast, at 16 euros was an excellent investment. You can eat as much bread, yoghurt, fruit, cereal as you like. Egg and bacon are also available but they are delivered by the nice waiting staff. A hearty breakfast here will stave off the hunger until late afternoon! .English papers (and from usa) were available in the lobby..There is a library and a lounge area with antique pictures and a huge clock. In short- the room could have been better size-wise, but everything else was great.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Baskaat
<Content>Wonderful! We stayed for 5 nights in a wonderful room w/ a balcony overlooking the canal (room 108). The room was not huge, but it was very charming. The staff was warm, friendly and efficient, the location was perfect and the bed was very comfortable. I would totally recommend the Ambassade!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>garricksw18
<Content>superb experience Just had three days at the hotel and it was perfect. Is on a beautifal and very quiet canal, 10 mins walk from all the main areas and with terrific staff and service. Having stayed in a lot of UK hotels this year it makes such a difference when papers, internet, brollys are all available for free. Found it by accident on this site but recommend it if you want somewhere relaxed, friendly and very good value.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ambassade My girlfriend and I, in our early 20s, stayed at the Ambassde in early June. The service was excellent, the receptionists are very very friendly and speak perfect english, and the hotel was clean and modern. The hotel faces the canal on a quiet street, but is easily within walking distance of many wonderful restaurants and attractions. (there is a fantastic one just down the street though the name escapes me). There is a light-rail stop less than 5 mins walk from the hotel, so it's easily accessable. We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite when we arrived, which was a nice 2- level room- only complaint is that bathroom is on bottom floor, which didnt bother us really, but might for some older guests as the spiral stairs up to the top bedroom is rather steep. Breakfast is about avergae price as far as a nice hotel like this goes, but is well worth the price at least once- the spread is large and the food and service is great. I left a bag on the light-rail train, and when I asked the receptionists if there was any chance of retrieving it, they quickly made phone calls and offered me any help I needed. Nice library, sitting room, internet room make the Ambassade a great stay in Amsterdam. Would definately stay here again. One note, if you are in Amsterdam, dont miss the interactive Heinekin museum experience- its well worth the trip  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>artemesiapaints
<Content>Ambassade a gem The Ambassade is a gem, a beautiful hotel on the prettiest canal, with a real neighborhood feeling, yet an easy walk to most sights. Our canal-view room was on the very top floor of one of the linked canalhouses that make up the hotel. It was accessible by elevator and then a winding journey of halls and small steps. Although it was small -- the higher you go, the smaller the room -- we were all alone, with no one on either side, so it was very romantic. We loved sitting in the window and watching the boats go by. The lack of airconditioning, which we had been warned about, was a bit of a problem in the heat wave (80's) we had, but when the sun went down the air was cool and sleeping was no problem. Service was outstanding, with tickets, reservations, cabs, directions, all handled smilingly. And being greeted each morning with ,Good morning, madam, good morning sir, was delightful. Since all rooms are different, some are better than others, which is risky, but we can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dondenton
<Content>Wonderful hotel, good service We stayed there for three days, and we had a great time. The staff were very friendly and helpful, our room was nice, and the loaction was great. The room was a little loud, but that is to be expected when you are right on the street.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jjbb
<Content>Great rooms IF on canal, Noisy, pricey Once arrived and check-in into the room we were greatly disappointed. We were given a room that was internal to the complex, with a small window facing a very small wall-enclosed dull courtyard. The room was small, too warm (no A/C), stuffy and claustrophobic. Their website does not mention these rooms, while emphasizing canal-side house... They charge the same price for this room as the other canal room, and this hotel is slightly more expensive relative to hotel at the same grade.We made sure the management understands we're not satisfied and will check-out if no solution is found. At this point, I must comment that they have responded professionally and politely (although they tried to justify the room as being very quiet per our request. But that was not the case anyway). They could Not move us on the same day as the hotel was fully booked (true), but we were given a much better room the next day.The new room was at floor 3 facing the beautiful canal. Indeed it has met our expectation, while matching the description in the web site. The furniture and decoration is a reminisce of 17th century Europe, while still providing all possible comforts and amenities. The bathroom looked almost new and very modern. Beds could be a bit more comfortable but still ok. The view to the canal is really nice. There is a free internet (wired) with good bandwidth. The only drawback was the noise coming from canal traffic (boats) and street (cars and pedestrians/Bikers); While not uncommon in crowded Amsterdam, Wee slept in much quieter places in Ams, even in lower grade hotel. Double-glazed windows instead of the current simple old-looking windows would have probably help.The service at the hotel is fine. Breakfast medium and less -- many near-by cafe to choose from with better options and less priceyThe bottom line: good choice if you make sure you get canal-facing room, you don't mind the noise, and carefully compare price.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Great location. Easy walk to almost anything. Staff very helpful. Our room was comfortable and clean. The furniture seemed a little old and weird, but nice enough. We needed an extra bed for our teenage son and that worked out well. Room was plenty big for the three of us. Very steep stairs, so be aware of that. Common rooms nice.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fulfilled expectations We spent 8 nights in late May at the Ambassade in a suite that featured a large sitting area on one level and a large bedroom and bath above under the eaves. Large windows overlooked the Singel Canal. The hotel was highly rated in Trip Advisor reviews and these proved accurate.We wanted a hotel in a typical old Amsterdam building located on a quite street overlooking a canal and the Ambassade meets those requirements. Yet, it really is ideally located to many of the better restaurants, which tend to be small -- these old buildings are narrow! -- and easily walkable. Luden's, for example was across the canal. Vanessa and Casa di David were little more than a 5 - 20 minute walk. If you're walker, you can make it to the Central Station in about 20 minutes. Alternately, the trams drop you off within 5 minutes of the hotel.Check-in and check-out were painless and the staff is helpful. A caution for those visiting in summer when it might actually warm up in Amsterdam -- we had 8 days there and rain on seven of them with highs around 54 degrees -- is that it is not air -conditioned and might get uncomfortable. It was fine during our day (and all the windows open and we noticed fans were available). Also, our room featured a steep, narrow staircase to the upper floor and some could have trouble negotiating it. If that's a concern, ask about a room that might not have such a feature.At 335 euros per night, the hotel was not inexpensive, but we thought it represented a decent value in a not inexpensive city. We were surprised at the number of hotels located right on the busiest streets with tram lines and crowds. The Amabssade's location is quiet. We'd stay again.s  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrooklynTraveler4
<Content>The Perfect Hotel Although it is very pricy, it would be hard to find a better hotel in Amsterdam. Located on one of the loveliest canals in central Amsterdam, it is a beautiful location and close to everything. The hotel itself is lovely. Even though we did not get a room overlooking the canal, our room was delightful. It was very large (even by US standards), and was very attractive. The common rooms are beautiful and overlook the canal. The breakfast is expensive but was excellent. The staff was extremely helpful--answered all questions, obtained museum tickets, called a cab, recommended restaurants, etc. We celebrated a big anniversary here and would love to return.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mattell
<Content>Ambassade worth it! My husband and I stayed two nights at the Ambassade in late April. This was our first trip to Amsterdam. The service at the Ambassade was exemplary from the moment our cab arrived (actually- from the time I emailed them regarding making reservations on the busiest day of the year- Queen's Day) until we left two mornings later. Our room and amenities were fabulous (admittedly, the building we were in had just been renovated) and we were very comfortable. The location was quiet, but not too far a walking distance from many important sites. Very close to a tram stop. Although a little expensive, we would highly recommend.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>number1yankeefan
<Content>wonderful hotel I stayed at the Ambassade for 5 nights and had an absolutely great stay. The hotel itself is quite unique; different canal houses yet they are linked together. I had to make a last minute reservation because my travel agent had erred and the staff was more than accomadating. I had been planning this trip for months and had my heart set on the Ambassade. Two days before I was set to leave my travel agent informs me that she didn't book my reservation at the Ambassade but at another hotel instead. I called the Ambassade and explained my situation and Anna was so helpful. She was able to secure a room for me and I was so greatful. I can't say enough about this hotel. The room I had was beautiful as was the entire hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mommytravels
<Content>Ambassade On the canal This hotel was in such a nice location, that it was worth every dime. We would walk to everywhere. The staff was very helpful and attentive. They also provide free internet access from two computers in the lobby.Word of warning about the rooms. They aren't big and we asked for a king and we got two twins pushed together. For a couple, it wasn't great. And the beds were hard and the pillows were not comfortable. If you like to sleepThe bathroom was spacious, though. We travelled with another couple, whose room had a spiral staircase up to the bed. The bath was on the 1st floor, so they found it uncomfortable, as well.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay here again! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in March and absolutely loved this hotel! We reserved a junior suite via email months before arriving and booking this through the hotel could not have been easier. The staff was so friendly and helpful. When we arrived, the apartment had become available so we chose to stay in that instead...and what a great choice that turned out to be. It had a kitchen complete with dishes and utensils, a dining room and huge living room overlooking the Herengracht, and the best part was that the bedroom was situated so it faced an inner courtyard so it was very quiet (perfect for sleeping off our jet lag), and it's own private entrance. The staircase up to the apartment was more like a carpeted, spiral ladder but it was easy to get up and down once you got the hang of it (although I am still amazed at how the doorman got our HUGE suitcase up it ;). The hotel is located in the perfect location (a very quiet and seemingly all residential area) and is within walking distance to everything (Anne Frank House - 10 minute walk, VanGogh/Rijksmuseum - about 20 minute walk). The room service was great too! They had fantastic salads and the pot of coffee we ordered each morning came with cookies and other sweet treats. We aren't big breakfast eaters, so we did not try their breakfast. There is market close by, a *terrific* sandwich shop about a 3 minute walk away (on the corner Rosmarijnsteeg and Spuistraat although I cannot remember the name), and Cafe Luxemburg is a great place to hang out. Amsterdam is a beautiful city and we will definitely be staying at the Ambassade again on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Ambassade is ideally located, within walking distance of all the major sites and museums. A wonderful view of the canal, through very large windows, in an equally sized room. The staff were absolutly wonderful and very helpful with detailed directions to a host of places in and around Amsterdam. We had a very enjoyable time and will most definatly choose the Ambassade on our next trip.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to be          breakfast room  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jxl36
<Content>Loved this Hotel! Stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of December and loved everything about this hotel. The room was spacious and clean with great views of the canal. The staff were friendly and spoke great English. It's centrally located and all the major attractions are within walking distance. I would however recommend that you go elsewhere for breakfast - we found it to be very expensive and there are so many great cafes around that there is no need to pay over the odds. All in all a memorable stay.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaptainJames
<Content>Canal house living, almost perfect...       The hotel Ambassade  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ambassade a great place to stay Excellent hotel. Great location, very helpful staff, clean, excellent period decor, great breakfasts - would certainly stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DRRB
<Content>Thank you Ambassade Hotel The Ambassade Hotel in Amsterdam is way beyond ordinary, and I would recommend that anyone planning to visit Amsterdam consider it. Price may deter some extreme budget travelers, yet I found that its many positive features made it a bargain compared to other hotels.  Positive features ? First would have to be the staff ... the quality of service, the care and personal attention that they show, their willingness tohelp with problems/complications, their cheerfulness. I never have seen better. Equally important to me was their location, and two aspects stand out here: their location in a quiet part of town that was easily accessible by foot, car, bus , tram, or bike ( many times in my nine days there I walked to and from the train station, to and from the museums ); and their being right along Herrengracht, so you always were beside and had a view of the canal. This makes it easy to fall in love with the canal(s). Within easy walking distance there are several restaurants, bars, cafes, and coffeeshops. The Spui area with its shops, restaurants, sidewalk cafes, and stops for the bus and tram is within easy walking distance ( two blocks). The rooms at the Ambassade seem to range from wonderful to magnificent; during my time there I stayed in four different rooms on four different levels of the hotel; each room was truly beautiful, nicely decorated, often with antiques and original artwork. The rooms were all larger than I expected and larger than I saw looking at other hotels. The beds all were very comfortable; the bathrooms all uncrowded. Noise from the street was minimal. It became a true oasis for me: I would walk for hours, return to the hotel for a peaceful, relaxing pause, then be off again,enjoying my wanderings and always enjoying my return to the Ambassade.The area felt very safe to me... day and night. The common areas of the hotel are magnificent: the comfortable large library, or the lounge on the second floor next to the breakfast area; both the lounge and breakfast area have excellent views of the canal ( Because I don't eat breakfast, I cannot comment on that service, although I saw alot of happy-looking people in there ). Another plus for this hotel is that parts of it are accessible by elevator...rare in Amsterdam. If I am lucky enough to get back to Amsterdam, I surely would stay at the Ambassade . I liked it so much I would turn down offers of free rooms elsewhere. It really is that good. Even if you don't stay there, it is worth looking at. Enjoy  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happytrailstoyou
<Content>We Loved The Ambassade My 16-year-old daughter and I spent 3 days at The Ambassade Hotel in June 2005. We had never been to Amsterdam before and used TripAdvisor in our hotel selection process. We found the hotel to be perfect for us. Great charm and comfort. Lovely view of the canal and a nice breeze. It was warm, but we had a fan in the room and slept well.We booked a special summer package deal, which included unlimited use of the hotel bikes and tickets to the Rijksmuseum and a canal-front room. The package also included our full breakfasts and was a good value. The breakfasts were indeed FULL......we enjoyed the food and happily skipped lunch each day.The hotel's location was PERFECT for the sightseeing we wanted to do and my daughter LOVED the bikes. Bike riding in the city is not for the faint-hearted, but it was a wonderful way to 'go local'. We enjoyed the museum and the floating flower market. The main shopping district is nearby and walking the canals and neighborhood was great fun. We did the Heineken Experience.....took the trolley out/back. It was fun, but not fabulous. Anne Frank House was somber, but should not be missed. We went about 5PM and encountered no lines. My husband met us for an afternoon and escorted us to the Red Light District......yes, I know, I can't believe I took my teen there either. But why go to another country, if not to experience the culture? We discussed the role of prostitution in various societies/economies and the effect of legal drugs as well. I would rather that than having her watch VH-1 for the afternoon (the women are dressed the same  portrayed in similar roles anyway: another topic of discussion)!One other note: saavy travelers are wary travelers. Be aware that Amsterdam is a pick-pocket's heaven. One evening at dinner at an outdoor cafe we actually witnessed a bike-thief attempt to steal our bikes! We were assisted by some big fellows from another table and confronted the man..... he just walked away. Apparently bike theft is a common occurrence.We arrived/departed via Scheipol Airport and found it very easy to navigate. We used one of the airport/hotel buses into town, but a taxi on the return. The front desk was quite insistent on this, saying that it was common for the scheduled hotel/airport bus to be late. They had been so helpful on everything else, we took their advice on this.In summary, we would go back to the city in a flash! Our only regret is that we were not able to stay longer.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location       French Windows  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So good I'd be happy to live there I stayed at the Ambassade for a week in early June, and I cannot say enough good things about the hotel. It is very elegant, but in a quiet, tasteful way. The staff are as polite and helpful and professional as you could wish. My room was large, with floor to ceiling windows looking out on the canal in this very nice neighborhood of Amsterdam. Room service was prompt, coffee or chocolate brought to you in the front lounge or upstairs in another elegant sitting room, breakfasts wonderful. And the location is perfect--as soon as you step out of the hotel front door, you are on a leafy cobblestoned street with little shops and restaurants just a half block away.  The hotel is immaculately clean and pretty, and I would stay there happily any time I am in Amsterdam.Carol, San Francisco  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this little hotel. Clean, quaint and friendly  We really enjoyed it here. We had a room on the second floor up a winding stariway with a small balcony that overlooked the canal. It was a small room compared to American standards, but very clean. It had a bed, a couple of chairs, desk, coffee table and a small TV, with a private bath. The front desk staff were very service oriented and very helpful with how to get around the city and museums, etc. It was convenient to walk to many places and it was convenient to catch the tram. We walked for hours at a time to different neighborhoods. It was in the middle of a neighborhood with canal houses surrounding it and small shops and cafes. The neighborhood was nice and we felt safe. Don't stay here if you are looking for a large Americanized style hotel with lots of ammenities. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gretzmom
<Content>Ambassade, Better than Home       View from room.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, we will return. I can't sing the praises of this hotel or the staff high enough - it was a really pleasent experience. We arrived on Queensday, which is a real party and as long as you don't mind hustle and bustle shouldn't be missed. The hotel reception give us hints and tips as where would be the best places to go and the room they allocated was fantastic, three big windows overlooking the canal - we sampled room service, which was good, and watched the party boats in full swing. The location is excellent and after a hearty breakfast we walked everywhere. I would recommend this hotel, friendly staff and great breakfast.After a three night stay, we wouldn't hesitate to go back next time we are in Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class service We stayed for 5 nights at the Ambassade in October 2004. We would highly recommend the hotel for their friendly staff, excellent room service and superb location. Located in the centre of Amsterdam the hotel is within easy walking distance of all the main areas of interest. Our room was clean and comfortable without being exceptional. What made our stay so special was the excellent service from the staff. 24 hour room service was prompt, friendly and excellent value. The breakfast room is perhaps the most beautiful room in the hotel. This hotel is worth paying a bit extra for - you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danarty
<Content>Very freindly and helpfull staff We stayed at the Ambassade hotel for 3 nights and had a great long weeked break.The staff were great, and the location was quiet and central to all the city attractions.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service, Service, Service! We just returned from 3 weeks in Europe where we spent 5 days at the Ambassade Hotel, October, 2004. We arrived at the train station with no reservations, and began calling our list of preferred hotels only to learn that the city was very, very full. We were referred to the Ambassade, and they were able to accomodate us. The location was superb. There is an elevator at the hotel (which surprised us), however we chose to use the very steep spiral staircase right outside our room for the remainder of our stay. Our room had a clean, spacious, modern bathroom that was a pleasure to use. The room was small in square footage, (but not frighteningly so like a lot of other european hotels). It was on two levels which gave it the feel of a larger room. The room itself had charming furnishings, and when we requested that the bed be made-up as a king instead of two twins, they immediately changed the entire mattress, rather than simply remaking the bed. There is a dedication to service, and an attention to detail at the Ambassade that I have never found before, not even in 5 star hotels. They have 24 hour room service, and coffee was delivered to my door in under ten minutes on each and every day of our stay. Amazing. The staff was extraordinarly helpful and attentive without being obnoxious. Please understand, this hotel was sold out five minutes after we arrived. The front desk was constantly busy, and the staff treated each and every person politely, and responded to each request quickly while managing to remember your name and room number. No easy feat.We were faced with a train strike on the day we were due to leave Amsterdam. We spoke with the front desk and they suggested we go to the station and try to sort things out. When we returned to the hotel. The clerk had discussed our situation with the other staff, they had checked the internet, called around, and managed to find us a private bus that would get us to our destination in time. That simply would not have happened in any other hotel, anywhere. Our travel arrangements were not their responsibilty, and yet they found a superior solution that allowed us to continue our trip as if the strike were not happening. It was service above and beyond the call of duty.Appreciate The Ambassadee for what it is. 10 historic row houses on the most beautiful canal in Amsterdam with period furnishings and lots of stairs. The rooms and public spaces are clean, charming, and overflowing with character and grace. The service is outstanding.It's not a Marriott, but in my book, that's a good thing.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tsalib
<Content>OK, but not great I just returned from a trip to Amsterdam with my family. We stayed in a two bedroom suite at the Ambassade Hotel. Over all the experience was OK, but not great. The rooms were average to small, the bathroom was modern, but it had some mildew growing on the walls. The view of the canal was nice, but the noise from the street and canal made it difficult to sleep. It was warm while we were there, so we had to keep the windows open for air circulation. The stairs to the bedrooms were an interesting experience. We had to be very careful not to trip as they were very narrow. The location of the hotel is very good. It was easy to walk almost every where we wanted to go. Breakfast was good, but over priced. The staff was very helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions to attractions.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>codejd
<Content>The Gem of Amsterdam This is THE place to stay in Amsterdam! I've stayed there on six separate occasions and have never been disappointed. While it is true that they do not have A/C, you just need to know when to go to Europe in the first place. I've been fairly lucky and only had to spend one hot night at the Ambassade. Compare that to the several hot nights I've spent in Paris, and it really doesn't upset me that much. Having said that though, my recommendation would be to NOT go to Europe during July  August, but if you do, don't stay here!Other than that this place is awesome! Friendly staff, email/internet services in the lobby, large suites, great bathrooms and decent bedclothes are what to be expected when you stay here. Yes, the hotel does show signs of wear and tear as the carpet is old and worn, but the place is kept clean and comfortable.I'd give you the number of the best room in the place, but I don't want it to be booked when I return, sorry.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluebairn
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Cannot praise this hotel too highly. Superb location, staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was very comfortable and beautifully appointed. Although breakfast was not included in the price the food and service were very good. A fabulous hotel for a relaxing break, cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sopranolands
<Content>A gem of a hotel that may not be right for you The exquisitely beautiful, pristine and wonderfully situated Ambassade has a lot of quirky features that some travellers won't mind but others will. Most serious is that the hotel, which consists of several refurbished antique canal houses, is rife with steep stairs and steps, making it a questionable choice for people with mobility or eyesight problems. Other travellers might object to the small size of rooms that nonetheless fetch prices of 175-225 euros -- a price which doesn't include breakfast (that's another 15 euros) or a mini-bar in the room. All that said, the rooms are wonderfully clean and beautifully appointed with antiques (with marvelously modern bathrooms), and the canal-side views of the Herengracht provide a window-seat to Amsterdam at its most charming, peaceful and elegant. The hotel attracts a discerning international set and the intelligent quality of the service is superb. It is located in Amsterdam's best neighborhood, only steps away from its most famous attractions. It is a unique and very lovely Dutch interior for those willing to make a few concessions for the sake of history.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful every time...   showReview(1538093, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>looks better than it is.   showReview(1499795, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An unpleasant surprise in a very comfortable hotel   showReview(1278149, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal Spot for a Relaxed Weekend   showReview(1237648, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shanghai_baby
<Content>A good experience   showReview(926289, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hot as Heck   showReview(837580, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, but not thrilled   showReview(717959, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ambassade Rules   showReview(715162, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>great bargain in an expensive city   showReview(646835, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxury for a (fairly) Low Price   showReview(407060, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entorno maravilloso. Personal...   showReview(20162592, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tpico Holands...   showReview(20743985, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel dispone di un servizio...   showReview(18411195, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnet!   showReview(11667848, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AndreaMexicoD_f_
<Content>Un hotel con encanto   showReview(5205078, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

