<Author>adderi
<Content>Awfull staff, nice rooms The hotel had free parking, which was great. The room was nice and we were not disturbed by the traffic.The only problem was the staff. The lady was nice but the 2 men behind the front desk were just awfull. They had no idea of how to talk with guests and how to be pollite. We did not want to ask anything from them.Eventhough price and room was good, I would not stay here again. I do not want to support hotel owners who are just that awfull and have no idea how the hotel industry works.Close to Fisherman's Wharf, far from the center.Think twice before booking.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dubstar82
<Content>get what you pay for The hotel was decent. Dont expect anything fancy. The front desk was a mixed bag. The lady was very friendly and helpful. The gentlemen were not friendly or helpful at all. Im not the type to deal with any front desk service so it didn't bother me at all. Parking was free which is good in San Francisco. The one major problem i encounter was on the night we came back from sightseeing, there was a bunch of ants all over the floor and bed. The funny thing was that we did not bring any food to the motel. We ask for another room but management said they were all booked.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Bigblock1
<Content>Horrible experience On my wife's and i arrival we noticed the manager arguing with a woman who was also staying at the hotel, she told me to go by the sign in desk and made no apologies for the incident. I should have taken a clue about the service. The next night we noticed a strange odor coming from the adjacent room. We told the manager ,Mayher Patel, about the smoke coming into our room. There was no response, like I was talking to a zombie, a complete lack of care. I went back to the room and the odor changed and I immediately recognized the smell as crack mixed with pot. While I was going from the office to the room, our neighbor left the room leaving the substance burning. Even though our lungs were burning and the room was filled with smoke the manager refused to give us a refund, citing that it was booked on hotels.com. After contacting hotels.com they said that they have to obey the hotel's policies. The problem with this is their polices are Not Above the Law. Beware Of This Hotel!!!! Just like everything else in this day and age, nobody wants to take responsibility. After two days we noticed this place attracts unsavory characters.I had to laugh about the other negative reviews because what has been said applies.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingReviewers
<Content>Traveler Beware We booked this hotel as suggested by Hotels.com while planning a trip through northern California. We should have taken a hint when we arrived and the manager, Mayher Patel was arguing and yelling with a customer. After kicking out the customer, the staff didn't even apologize for the problem or acknowledge their behavior. Later in our room, we noticed a smoky smell coming into our room. I called the front desk a couple of times with no answer. When someone finally picked up the phone at the front desk, I asked about smoking in a non-smoking hotel she just said Okay and hung up the phone. The smoke seeping into our room was getting worse. My throat was starting to burn and and I was starting to get a headache. My husband went to the front desk and spoke to the woman. The staff refused to come and check out the smoke and said she would call our neighboring room. The staff member called the room next door and the neighboring traveler said that he would take care of it. A few minutes later this guy next door walked out of his room with backpack and a hooded jacket covering his head.The odor was so awful that we had to leave the room. The manager/staff member, Mayher Patel, said there were no other rooms available. Mayher Patel refused to give us a refund because we booked it with Hotels.com. We left because it was unfit to stay and we were concerned of the chemical smells coming into our room. We are still trying to get reimbursed for the room the night we didn't even stay there! The hotel does not want to reimburse us and neither does Hotels.com because of their policy. Beware of hotels and their booking companies. Absolutely not worth it.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>DianaSanDiego
<Content>Horrible Service Do not stay at this motel - Everything was horrible - bad service, they were very rude, they are just trying to get your money, rooms were smelly, the room was not clean. Could not sleep too much traffic Noise, you can hear the people in the room above/next you. It was disgusting!!!Do not stay there.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>felalla
<Content>bad!to forget! Don't go there!The first room smelt, the toilet was boken,like the light, it was directly on the street ,we couldn't sleep because of the rumors and most of all because the light of the neon sign on our window. The lady, maybe the chef,was very peevish and arrogant. The first time we asked for another room, first they told us it was possible, but when we came back in the evening we still had the same terrible room. The third night we had a better room, still stinking!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>bay_kayaker
<Content>Take notes before booking room We read reviews before booking this motel  decided to try it even though there were some not so good reviews. The main thing you do need to know is that you do want to book a room at the back of the motel, do to the heavy traffic noise on this street.  Also be sure that if you are going to use a different credit card to pay for your room then what you used to reserve it online, make sure that they are charging the right credit card. I handed the man my credit card and he did not even notice that it was different then the one that I reserved the room with, so they ended up charging it to the one I did not hand him. Because of this we had no money in our checking account and we were charged by our bank a fee to transfer money over from our savings account.  Even after finding out  telling them that they did this, they did not offer to pay us back the transfer fee.  I had also brought my own very expensive decaf coffee and had made an entire full pot, and while we were out the maid decided to dump out an entire full pot of coffee. When I asked at the office why she would dump a full pot of coffee out, there answer was I must not be used to staying in clean motels. Even with the problems we had, the room was a very nice room and not to much noise, except the first night when we were awakened by a room full of a party goers next door. They did go in and close the door after speaking with them and they quieted down. Funny thing was is that the motel prides themselves on being a non smoking room establishment, yet there were at least 25 people in the room next to us smoking pot  cigs. and drinking. Our blankets on our bed even had burn hole marks in them. The room was actually very nice and the maid does a great job cleaning with the exception of dumping my expensive coffee down the drain and the price was very reasonable. Easy access to everywhere in the city, but don't expect to walk to where you want to go. It is a long walk and sometimes uphill.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>nofuss08
<Content>Excellent for the price Some of the other reviews made me concerned, but I decided to go ahead and try this hotel, since the price was right. The room was very clean, with a large bathroom and a window seat. Our window was right on Lombard Street, which is a major thoroughfare, but we did not have any problems with noise since we brought our trusty white noise machine. The free breakfast was much better than I expected after reading the other reviews. Yes, the coffee was instant, but if that's important to you, there is a coffee maker in the room. The organge juice was not top quality, but certainly better than Tang. There were lots of different pastries and fresh fruit and hot chocolate. My kids loved it. You do have to bring the food back to your room to eat it, and there's only one chair there.We arrived with two adults and three kids, and they were fine with us having more people than beds (kids took turns sleeping on the floor). They also let us park our car there before check-in time. My kids also loved the very small, old-fashioned elevator.The hotel seems to be run by a family whose living quarters adjoin the office. The same woman I spoke to on the phone in the early morning and late at night making my reservation (it did take several calls to get the reservation settled) was also there most of the times we went in the office. There was an older guy whose English and computer skills were lacking, but the woman was there to assist him. Location: this is both a plus and a minus. It IS in downtown SF, but is really a hike to most attractions. It was four VERY uphill blocks to a cable car stop; we bought a day pass and rode it all day to Chinatown, Wharf, etc. Then at the end of the day we ran downhill back to the hotel. The crookedest street part of Lombard Street begins where the cable car stop is. The other days we drove our car to our destinations. Golden Gate Bridge and Exploratorium were fairly short drive and had easy and cheap/free parking. Parking at Pier 39 to go to Alcatraz was expensive. It was hard to find good places to eat dinner nearby. Toward the end of our stay, we discovered that if you go one block north and several blocks west along Chestnut Street, there are lots of neighborhoody shops and restaurants.I think your experience at this hotel partly depends on how much you are paying. Rates seem to vary widely with the season. For the $70/night I paid, I didn't expect much, and we were quite pleased. If I were paying $200, I would have been disappointed. We were happy to be able to stay IN a city in a clean room at a rate we could afford.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>REMMerseyside
<Content>A pleasant surprise       view from our room  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mytundra29
<Content>Bad Customer Service Don't ever go here. They charge my account even though I didn't even stay their. My credit card was stolen in San Francisco and someone was using it. I called the manager who is in charge of 10+ hotels and he was rude. I feel like they're out to just get your money. Yes, when you call there is an automated service speaking highly of their customer service however, I've been hung up on numerous of times. The customer service I receive so far horrible.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TazRams
<Content>Inn or Brothel? This Inn is horrible! First, it starts out with a man coming to the reception desk with no shirt on! Then we get to the room and open the door - the smell on ammonia overwhelmed us. Then we really started to notice the room. It was just a bed in the middle of one room and another room that had the toilet, sink and bathtub/shower. Very under impressed for the price I was paying. We are trying to relax for only a minute when we see something fly past the window. We look outside and see that something was thrown from the top floor and narrowly missed a vehicle. Things are not looking good at all. Then we start to hear all of the traffic. How are we ever going to sleep? So trying not to touch anything 鈥?we quickly change and leave for diner and the concert we were going too. When we got back for the night, there were no parking spots available. They have stacked parking and two handicap spots. I need the handicapped spot and was disappointed to see both of the spots was being used illegally. So we were forced to park behind someone in the stacked manner. 30 minutes later (now after midnight) we get a call in the room from the front desk. They ask if we can bring our keys to the front desk. So I stay in the room and wait as my fianc茅e goes down to the front desk. Moments later she returns and says, Get packed! We are not staying another minute! She explains how there was an obvious prostitute with her pimp waiting for her to leave her keys at the front desk with the manager (who appeared shirtless when we first arrived) because the car we parked behind had to be used.After the 3 minutes it took me to get packed, we went to the vehicle and started loading it up. From where she moved the vehicle (she did not give up her keys and just moved to the middle of the parking lot) we could see the prostitute in the back seat of the car clearly engaging in a sex act with someone in the car. All while her pimp watched from the front seat.It was very clear that this Inn uses guest vehicles as there brothel rooms. We tossed the key cards to the front desk and hit the road. It was well after midnight. We drove all the way back to Fresno.The place is disgusting and I am sickened by the thought that I actually 'stayed' there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>majkajan
<Content>Recommend highly! I and my husband spent 4 nights in the hotel. We appreciated the fact that we did not have to pay for a parking. The price was modest and we did not expect luxury but were happy to find out that the room was clean. Also, a bathroom was spacious, modern and clean.The breakfast was very minimal :instant coffee, hot chocolate and donuts. But overall, especially considering the location and the price, this hotel was a gem!Majka and Ryszard  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pem10777
<Content>Fantastic Experience. We booked a room on Valentines day and the experience was fantastic. The lady at the front desk was very helpful and rather friendly. When we arrived there where fresh pastries and brewed coffee waiting at the front desk. The room was very spacious, the cable was good. The shower had enough pressure and the temperature of the water never changed once it was set. We took a walk up Lombard street and ended up in the Italian district surrounded by great restaurants and a live night life. The parking was a little tight so if you have a big car leave it at home. Besides that minor detail we felt safe, comfortable and will return when staying in San Francisco in the near future.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Marvinblue
<Content>Loved the Francisco Bay Staying at the Francisco Bay was a wonderful experience. Bob and the rest of the staff gave me a warm welcome and made me feel at home. They staff did everthing possible to make me enjoy my visit to San Francisco. I will always remember my trip with fond memories and I look forward to staying at the Francisco Bay INN when I go back to CaliforniaMarvin B  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trekgirl1
<Content>Warm Friendly Clean and Homey We were in town for a 2 day medical appointment and the staff of the The Francisco Bay Inn were friendly and extremely helpful. They helped us in many ways including providing helpful recommendations on the best local Thai place for take out. The room was super clean and the general feeling was that of a homey relaxing weekend. The front desk staff were friendly and always had enough time for us. There were more than enough towels in the spacious bathroom as well as plenty of hot water in the morning. The coffee / pastries in the morning down in the lobby are a nice touch. The refrigerator was clean as was the coffee maker. This is more than worth the asking price per night. Both of us are locals to the general Bay Area and need to come to the City several times a year and after our last experience with The Francisco Bay Inn, we have decided to stay there. We highly recommend it to anyone who needs a great clean place to stay while visiting San Francisco. Excellent!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Uribe
<Content>Good Deal The San Francisco Bay Inn ended up being a good little deal for our family of four, including two children. We stayed in a clean, newly-remodeled room that faced an alley, as opposed to the busy and noisy street. Very close to bus stops and walking distance to Lombard Street. The best feature was the free parking. Don't expect much of the continental breakfast, fresh donuts and Tang (that's the hotel's version of juice). Overall, it was a good value.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>thatcartergirl
<Content>Horrible, Terrible, Just Plain RUDE This Inn (aka Motel) is the worst travel experience of my life. The management is super rude and inconsiderate. We had booked online at the hotel website and I called to confirm the day of our trip and they showed no reservation for us. The women manager assured me that she did not have the reservation and that she would make me a new one, under my name instead of my boyfriends name who we booked the one online under. The weather was so terrible that our flight got canceled into SF, and we had to cancel our reservation. She assured me she understood and canceled my reservation. HOWEVER, we got my Boyfriends credit card bill and she charged us for the reservation she claimed she could not find. I called numerous times and tried to get it resolved and she said that she never said that and that I would just have to deal with it She hung up on me four times! PLEAS SAFE YOURSELF THE MISERY AND STAY ELSEWHERE!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>orffgirl
<Content>Rude desk staff! The location of this hotel was the only good thing. Right off of Lombard Street, we could walk pretty much anywhere. However, that does not cancel out the RUDENESS of the front desk staff. They were totally unwilling to help with anything and gave attitude anytime we asked a question. I will never stay here again! The room was also very small and not clean. Bad hotel!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>JDCanadaCanada
<Content>Desk clerk ripped us off Room was acceptable but not for over 200.00 a night. Elevator didn't work, continental breakfast a joke and full of flies. The most infuriating thing was the desk clerk ( possible owner) lied when bookinig tickets for a tour. Told us she needed a cash deposit as was required by the tour operator. We paid her cash and later found out at the tour that she simply lied and cheated us out of the cash deposit. Would have paid her a fee gladly for booking the tour but instead she chose to lie and cheat. Do not stay here.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>PTAG69
<Content>dont stay here, unless you want a 2 star motel I do not understand how this place has a 3star rating. The rooms are tiny. The rooms smell bad, so we had to buy odor neutralizer to be able to stay there. The bedding does not look all that clean, we slept in our clothes. they advertise themselves as an inn, but be warned, this is a MOTEL. The only reason we even bothered staying at this motel which we booked in advance, was that we arived after midnight and I could not get a room at another hotel on the same night (I called and tried). On top of this, the staff is not all that friendly.They do have free wireless internet, and free parking. On the other hand, since the parking lot is limited, and if the motel is booked and you arrive late, you will need to park on the street.In short, stay here if you are looking for a 1 to a 2 star rated motel, otherwise look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>miffed
<Content>Avoid at all costs. Miserable reception from unhelpful people. Everything was too much bother. The breakfast, if you can call it that was the cheapest donuts (flies included at no extra cost!), the worst kind of coffee dust and bananas that were rancid beyond belief. The soup kitchen at Golden Gate Park was more hospitable and the food looked better quality.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>gastoon
<Content>loved it Coming from France we spent seven days there, touring around. The room was perfect. Very tidy and comfortable. We stayed on the good side of the building, meaning not direct to Lombard Street - interstate 101. Location is great by the way. One or two times we had trouble parking the car though, late at night. We cooked ourselves breakfast but had coffee and muffins down at the reception. Very nice hard working people. Good souvenir.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lostintravel
<Content>Beware!!! Avoid staying at all cost!!!! Don't let the price/location/value fool you. I was double-charged for my room and they refused to fix the problem. I had booked the room online and they tried to convince me that I must of pressed the confirmation button twice, which I didn't and even if I had done that, wouldn't the hotel realize if an order was placed multiple times that something must be wrong with that picture.To justify my position, I always call the hotel to confirm my reservation a day or two before arriving. I did the same thing in this case and they NEVER told me about any multiple bookings. I even asked if there were any extra rooms available and they adamently said no and that the hotel had been sold out.The room is as small as a walk-in closet, even for the 1 king-sized bed that I got. It is by far the smallest hotel room that I have ever seen. there is hardly any room to walk around the bed, its basically a bed placed in a tight room.The location is not what they claim it to be. They are not within walking distance to fisherman's wharf. I noticed that the hotels close to the wharf were hyatt, hilton, and even the best western tuscan inn.The hotel room smells like mold and/or old wet smell with a hint of smoke from its smoking days. The elevator barely holds 3 people and the stairs creek like they are about to snap as you walk up to your room. The room had only 1 extra plug and when I tried to use that for my laptop it shorted the TV.The front desk is rude. They are owner ocupied, I believe they live in one of the rooms. It's typical with indian/pakistani owners. They came yelling at me for not giving up my car keys, which I feel uncomfortable about consider that I had just bought my new car. Parking is a tight fit as it is, they double park cars, which make it difficult for you to get out and they have less than an inch between each vehicle. Do not stay here, better yet, do not spend your money to see San Francisco, its just not worth it!!!! The entire place sucks, people have bad attitude everywhere you turn and you better watch out from being ripped off. Add to that, homeless people at every corner. You are much better off going to either Las Vegs, Reno, or San Diego. Anywhere but SF. It's just a big city with traffic almost everywhere you go. You will be stuck 1 hour in parking structures trying to get out of your car just to sightsee. Plan on spending at least 1.5 hours sitting in traffic to get to the golden gate bridge. Your lucky if you get by in that amount of time.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>john11111
<Content>Great place and good location Great value for your money. Rooms were very clean including a large bathroom. Room have recently been remodeled. Front desk was nice, and maids kept the place clean all the time. Would stay there again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lucky.7even
<Content>Do not stay here ! Neg : Horrible breakfast , service , rooms and overall quality.Pos : free parking spaceWHY ? READ BELOW.In april we made an extensive trip by rental car from Las Vegas to San Francisco. We made no reservations up front and wanted it to play by ear. But during our stay along the route, the hotelmanager warned us that not booking in advance could be dangerous in SF. So we looked up a place to sleep for 3 nights. We came across the Francisco Bay Inn and booked it via the internet. The price was an avarage of $89 a day. Parking and breakfast was included so that was another bonus, knowing that parking prices can go up as high as $30 a day in SF. ABOUT THE SERVICE :When we arrived at 11.00 am , we couldn't check in before 03.00 pm.The woman at the reception was not hospitable.When asking for information she advised us to read the available leaflets. But when it came to making money , we were good enough ! she did sold us immediatly a tour of SF. We did had to wait before getting into our rooms. Price was $44 a person ( we were 4 ) and we had to pay $76 upfront to her. ( money in her pocket ! ). She said that we would stop at noumerous places, were we couldn't stop with our car. What a lie ! There were only a few stops and those could easily be made with our car too. The tour was no good ! Because we returned our car the next day, we needed a shuttle to SF airport a few days later. Price : $15 a person. We had to pay the woman at the reception $32 upfront ( money in her pocket ! ). So $28 had to be payed to the driver . But when we got to the airport, the driver asked $44. He was not to happy with the fact that I only was willing to pay $32 ( before tip ) for the trip. I was lucky to have asked for a receipt at the reception ! I wondered why the reception was not to keen to give me one. To the people of the Francisco Bay Inn, we were just walking ATM machines.ABOUT THE LODGING :Parking space was available, so, no problem.We had to ask where our rooms were ( no explanation upfront ) and got directed to an elevator in a corner, that seemed to be the only survivor of the great fire of 1906. We were glad that it only had to take our luggage up 1 floor ( but it took almost 2 minutes ! ).The room ( they called Superior ) was bigg enough for a family of undersized midgets. Openening our luggage and still wanting to get around was a smal problem. The room was smelly. Opening the window was impossible. It was blocked ( just like New York sky scrapers ). I guess they lost a lot of clients who jumped out the window after seeing/smelling al this horror. But the worst had still to come. Watching TV apeared to be a social event. The neighbours set the volume so high that even Al Capone would get awakened ( if he'd still stay at The Rock ). At night ( at around 10.00 pm ), EVERY NIGHT we got a private performance of the  Blue Man Group ! A lot of loud banging and running around in the rooms. It seemed us , the people were in our room, jumping around on pogosticks on the wooden floor. One night we were even (ear)witness to a latino marital fight. The nextdoor neighbours were reinacting a scene from Saw3, the Bloody One. We were afraid to get stabed by a fork, knowing that the paperthick walls could not even stop Steven Hawkins without his wheelchair.Breakfast was a disaster !!!Powdered coffee, cakes is wrapping and 2 muffie chaires to sit in at the very very small reception area. No more comment !In Conclusion :Neg : Horrible breakfast , service , rooms and overall quality.Pos : free parking spaceBut hey , we only payed $89 a night and got 24hr live entertainment. So why complain.A perfect getaway for the Munsters !  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>travelerarc
<Content>Appalling Hotel The hotel was absolutley horrible. We booked through Hotels.com at one hotel and was told this hotel was comparable at $165.00 a night. We were told it was a family suite with two bedrooms. A suite is a room with a living room and small kitchen area. What we got was two rooms, connected by a common hallway. The rooms had trash in them, urine on the toilet seats. Used toilet paper, blood stains on the curtains, and stains on the carpets. The bathrooms were delapitated and showers were dirty and had used dirty bath mats. The furniture in both rooms looked like it was picked up at a junkyard. It was the most disgusting room I ever stayed in. The room was so bad I went to another hotel. I was very dissappointed. I told the Manager what I was paying and the going rate was actually about 70-80 a night. Definitely not a place to go.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mizuri
<Content>Night in the Twilight Zone The room was adequate at best as far as cleanliness - not positive the linens were all laundered . . .The real problems started about 9pm when our neighbors turned their music on and started their LOUD talking. Finally at 1am we called the desk, talked to two people who both asked our room number. It immediately quieted down for about 5 minutes. The noise started up again and lasted till 4am. Although we were scheduled to stay another night, there was no way! When we went to leave at 8 there was an extra row of cars parked in front of ours and the manager had to go through a basket of car keys to figure out by process of elimination which one was parked in front of us. Then he couldn't start it! My husband had to push it out of the way! The rest of the day was like being in a fog from lack of sleep as we tried to enjoy the Exploratorium. My trip advice - stay anywhere but the Francisco Bay Inn!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Grandma_Di_1953
<Content>Great hotel for the price Wonderful little hotel. The front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful when it came to directions and normal everyday chit cat. They provided good service and paid attention to our do not disturb requests. When the window was open it was a little noisy, but with the window closed it wasn't bad. The hotel was in a great neighborhood, with a little deli/market located across the side street from the hotel. Be sure to let then know if you have a handicapped parking placard or plates, so they can be sure that there is one handicapped parking spot available. I would recommend staying here for anyone.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Mozart_fan
<Content>Well, you get what you pay for ... Good points about the Francisco Bay Inn:- Hotel situated on relatively safe part of town, walkable to Fisherman's Wharf, Crookedest Street, a laundromat- Elevator for those of us who aren't light travellers- Microwave and refrigerator in room- Free parking- Free breakfastBad points:- Very open corridors but we were given a Fourth Floor inset room (Room 436) with an outer door (in addition to our room door) so that made us feel just a little safer- Severely limited parking spaces (you are allowed to double parking in the parking lot if you leave your car keys with the Front Desk so they can play musical chairs with the double-parked cars in the AM)- Rather surly on-site managers/receptionists/owners (?) -- they are the same two persons with matching attitude problem- Breakfast consists of only coffee, hot chocolate, muffins, Danish, croissantsPersonal experience at the hotel that may or may not happen to you:Had to unclog bathtub drain-hole of wads of hair by myself using, of course, feet of toilet paper in order for us to take a shower that first night. That didn't do much so, the next morning, had to ask Front Desk to send for a plumber. Clogged drain problem only somewhat fixed for the rest of our stay.Advice:Forget the high-fat, all-processed sugars breakfast provided by the hotel. Buy cereal and milk from the convenience store across the street or another store just three blocks away for your breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>apothecary
<Content>Francisco Bay Inn--not even worth the cheap price We were transferred to this hotel by the Castle Inn after they booked our stay, took our payment in full months in advance, and then told us that they had no reservation and no room for us when we showed up (see my other review on them!)From my experience, I basically think that the Francisco Bay Inn is a cheap, dirty, run-down hotel that has a scam running with their partner, the Castle Inn. The Castle Inn books you for a decent price, then they get other people to stay there for more $$$, so they take your pre-paid booking and transfer you to the Francisco Bay Inn, professing that the accommodations are equivalent. They are not, not even close. This motel typically goes for about $50 less per night.Everything here was cheap and dirty, the staff are rude, and I was trapped in their run-down elevator for 2 hours and almost missed my flight home. The only reason I even used the elevator was that I wanted to put all of the suitcases on it instead of carrying them down the stairs from the second floor. Thank god my husband was not in the elevator with me because he eventually figured out that I was missing for a while...the staff there are so clueless that all of the screaming and pounding on the doors would have never clued them in. Anyway, once they knew I was trapped and that the elevator had stopped between 2 floors, they tried to fix the situation by trying to pry the doors open with a crowbar. That just caused the elevator to fall further. They finally gave up and called a repair company.Worst experience I have ever had on a trip!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>DavisHelen
<Content>Very noisy- rude staff We stayed 2 nights over President's day weekend. Our room was extremely noisy, stinky and small. It was almost impossible to sleep, even with ear plugs! The hotel staff was rude and not honest, always trying to charge extra. Breakfast food was not fresh!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>JALFlorida
<Content>Great value for the money We just returned from a 5 night / 6 day stay in San Francisco. Got a pretty good deal on Travelicity including hotel  airfare. We stayed at the Francisco Bay Inn. The hotel is centrally located and a short distance from many points of interest, including Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, Golden Gate bridge, departure points in Pier 39 for Alcatraz, city tours, etc. The rooms were clean and spacious.Hotel management Meher and Bob were friendly and alwyas tried to accomodate our need. They were also helpful providing directions and recomending sites of interest for us to visit. They were right on the money! Thanks guys!If in San Franciso, the Francisco Bay Inn is a good option and a very good value for your money!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonju
<Content>Where to stay Situated on Lombard Street, the Inn is conveniently placed for all transportation links and tourist attractions. Our room had everything needed for our stay (8 days) and was kept spotlessly clean and well cared for. The reception staff were very pleasant, efficient and well informed on places to visit. Continental breakfast was good and plentifull. Traffic noise could be a problem but San Francisco is a busy city so it has to be expected. We did not expect to find this 2 star hotel to be so good. Would visit again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wow17
<Content>Pleasant place in SF The stay was pleasant. For the price it was a nice, decent room. The front desk staff was very helpful and polite.She helped us with directions to local attractions and provided us with many dining and tour options. Continental breakfast was ok with muffins, coffee oj etc. Parking was a plus. The distance to many local attractions and public transport helped make our stay better. I would recommend this place to family and friends because of the location and the friendly staff.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>glennandlissy
<Content>Never ever again! We recently stayed at this hotel for two nights leading up to Christmas. We had stayed here before 18 months earlier and found it to be fantastic. The place was clean the young couple running it friendly, pleasant and extremely helpful. Oh how things can change! This time there was no friendly couple but a older man with no obvious regard for decency let alone the law. I won't waffle on but here's a list of this gentlemans lovely actions.1. On a visit by my wife seeking change for the soda machine he and an aquaintance enquire just how many lovely Australian girls are staying in your room. My friend (cab driver) is looking for an Australian girl, he is very rich you know, you should consider!  Nice one slimeball!2. Gets visibly upset when we have prebooked another transport company from the hotel to the airpoirt. You have to use the company I say or use said friends cab from the above story.Bzzzzt, wrong again turd head!3. On checkout, before the airport transport crap he confirms that all has been settled on the money front but immediately after demands that we sign another statement authorising payment again! I don't think so. Replies that he can charge anything he wants now. We remind him the law says otherwise. Upon returning home we check and he charged us at time of check in and was obviously going the double dip.Left with a sour taste in our mouths that put a damper on the start of our holiday. Pleased to say that over the next three weeks we stayed in many other hotels / motels and found them and the people running them incredibly pleasant. This is the first time we have ever had a problem in any place we have stayed.Actually noted a few less than ideal experiences on TripAdvisor before we booked but gave it the benefit of the doubt given our previous experience.Never ever again and I'd suggest you do the same until a change of management occurs.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>tc1964
<Content>Dismal, rude, cheap This was the worse. Our room was extremely small, the shower door had no handle, the telephone didn't work for all four days we stayed there, and the hotel staff was rude. They tried to charge us full book price - lucky I printed out my reservation confirmation. Parking is handy, but the spaces are very narrow, so if you have anyting but a compact car, it will be a challange. Also, our rooms were very noisy - I had to run the fan all night to drown out the street noise. The family suite is actually just two rooms that connect.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>TylerFullStick
<Content>Would NEVER stay again The moment I walked into the reception area of this little hotel, I was put off by the rude and unfriendly lady behind the counter. Not one salutation, not even a hello. After we were issued card keys for the room, she then proceeded to take my Visa, charge $25.00, and after asking her for an explanation, she rudely said the charge was for incidentals. Asking her what incidentals were, she briskly said don't worry about it, you will not be charged. After inserting the card key into the room, and having spent 5 minutes trying to figure out why the key didn't work, I returned to Miss Congeniality who was far too busy with her phone call to even say one word. She did find the time to toss me two new keys on the desk, and went back to her more important phone call. A simple sorry about that would have gone a long way to acknowledge her mistake. Should I go on with the list of $25 dollar incidentals? Parking in SF is always a challenge, but waiting each time for the person blocking my car before I could leave the hotel was a big fricking pain. Worse, when we did find a spot in the lot, there was never any room to get out of the car, I had to slide out the passenger seat EACH time I did manage to find a spot, only to have to wait to leave again when someone else double parked behind me. Did I mention the syringes scattered around my car in the morning? There's more I could list, but you get the picture. A lady more eloquent than I used to say, Just say No. That about sums it up.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>frequenttraveler2007
<Content>bad neighborhood The area is close to the fisherman wharf, however, that is not a very safe neighborhood. We have lived in the Inn for 3 nights, and our car window has been smashed and our GPS stolen at the Inn's parking lot. We are not the only victim, there's another car in the hotel and another 3 cars in the nearby hotel being damaged. The hotel owner is not very friendly at all, he provides us with no help after the incident, and he just wanted us to leave asap. I've fixed my window for $234 and my GPS costs me $300. I'll rather pay more next time with a better hotel at a better location.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chomporn
<Content>You have to confirm your reservation! I chose the Francisco Bay because it locates near the Fisherman warf with free parking space, and affordable price. I have made reservation through hotels.com and already paid for the whole cost with email confirming my reservation. At the time I checked in, the fron desks said we don't have your reservation and there is no room available!! They said this problem can normally happen and just sent us to the other hotel with the same owner but was much more far away (quite not responsible). They said I shouldn't have any problem with the distance since San Fran is a very small city, you can take the bus around. I think that is not their business to judge! I have read from the review that there was this kind of problem before but didn't think this should happen oftenly. I think they might intentionally give my room to the other with higher rates. So if you make a reservation through internet, you have to call them and confirm it!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>allworldtravel
<Content>Great Value We could not have been happier with this hotel. The room was small but ample room to move around. We took full advantage of the coffee-pot, microwave and fridge in the room.From the time we registered to checking out we couldn't have been happier. Very helpful people in getting directions to everywhere we wanted to go.The room was really-really clean and anything we needed we could get from housekeeping without any questions asked.Free WIFI and no problems in getting online.Nice walk to Fisherman's Wharf and Ghirardelli Square. We could get on and off San Fran's MUNI transportation at Van Ness and Lombard to anywhere we wanted to go.Parking our rental car was no problem and they assured us even if there was no open parking spot they would get our car parked on the premise FREE!!!We noticed every morning there was someone out sweeping and picking up trash in the parking lot and the surrounding sidewalks around the hotel.We were pleased with the selection of resturants esp. the French Resturant L'Amour dans le Four, 1 block west at 1602 Lombard St. GREAT FOOD and reasonably priced. We also enjoyed a nightcap and cigarette (yes inside) at the Voodoo Lounge at Van Ness  Lombard.We would highly recommend this place and book it the next time we are in San Fran!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wings42
<Content>The best part was leaving. Here is the good, the bad, and the ugly. We stayed for four nights, but moved the third night to a back room because of the noise.THE GOOD: Meticulously clean. We're walkers, and the location was perfect walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Fort Mason, Lombard hill. The location is also near bus line #30, which goes past many great SF attractions such as Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, Chinatown, Union Square, Market Street.. The two TVs worked well. The beds were comfortable. The tile work in the roomy bathrooms was beautiful.THE BAD: Both rooms had maintanance problems. In the first, a light was out. I mentioned it to the desk three times with no response. The second room had a noisy many gallon a day hot water leak in the bathtub. Parking was very tight. We saw a poor soul back into the side of a new BMW in the lot, very easy to do. Both rooms were stuffy, dark, and very small with inadequate storage space. The hotel.com price was OK, but we were in the front office when the owner quoted $164 a night for a view room to a walk-in customer. You could do a lot better in SF for that price. There are no reasonably priced cafe's nearby, or interesting shops to stroll by.THE UGLY: Our first room, on the second floor in front, had the had the worst traffic noise we've ever experienced, even compared to downtown Manhatten. The second room, in back, had traffic noise almost as bad from the busy side street. Additionally, at 6:00 A.M., a trash truck parked in the back alley below our room with loud diesel and hydrolic noise for about 1/2 hour both days. MORE UGLY: Both rooms had a very strong Pine-Sol odor that hung on overnight. If you are sensitive to chemicals, don't think of staying here.My recommendation is to stay in the Marina area if shopping isn't your main activity, but only off of noisy Lombard. Some of the hotels in Cow Hollow, toward Presidio Park on or near Chestnut St. would be quieter and offer superior eating and shopping. The #30 bus runs on Chestnut to the end.P.S. Even if you drive to a SF hotel, leave the car for most sightseeing. Parking in SF is difficult and expensive ($2.00 an hour at meters and up), but public transportation is excellent and cheap ($1.50 each way to anyplace in the city).  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Jingles81
<Content>don't go Only stay in this hotel if you can sleep through extremely loud traffic noise. Located on one of the main routes through San Francisco, at a set of traffic lights: traffic roared, engines revved and horns were honked though most of the night.Made of clap board it had very little sound insulaton which did not help.Although the location was reasonable for the bay area, thought rooms could have been cleaner.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t8935x
<Content>Hold Off Before Booking at the Francisco Bay Inn!!! Hotels in SF are expensive! In fact, it comes as no surprise to anyone that the general COST LEVEL in SF is high; but at about $150/night, this hotel is just not worth it!No closet in the room. An air conditioner that sounds like a jet engine (on low!!!). Slivers of soap that remind one of what you get in european hotels, and a generally 'sleezy' feel to the room.This property is in need of a MAJOR RENOVATION.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OJanet
<Content>Parking was a blessing If you want to put yourself within walking distance to San Francisco鈥檚 tourist traps, then stay at the Francisco Bay Inn. Like a fool, I rented a car thinking that it would be easier to drive around San Francisco. The hotel鈥檚 guaranteed free parking policy provided even more incentive to rent a car. However, the desk clerk, who was very friendly, suggested it was actually quicker and easier to tour the city on foot. In the end, the rental car was virtually useless. My room was comfortable, spacious and full of nice little amenities that I never used (microwave and fridge - in a city with some of the best restaurants in the world). If you stay on Lombard, you鈥檙e paying for the location. If you stay at the Francisco Bay Inn, you鈥檙e also paying for a well-kept, quality product.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>hetha
<Content>A pleasant surprise Maybe a little out of the central locations (10mins walk to Fisherman's Wharf, 5 minutes up the steepest street in SF to get to the crookedest part of Lombard Street)We arrived after a full day's drive from Yosemite to find that our window had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge - totally unexpected.Our family suite was on the 3rd floor and consisted of 2 huge rooms, each with their own bathroom and catering facilities.Very basic contintental breakfast - enough for us - which you take to your room - more Golden Gate views!This was a real bargain and we would use it again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>duckaroo
<Content>Great hotel While planning a trip to the City with my daughters, ages 9  12, I found this hotel on tripadvisor. After checking the reviews, I booked it, and was very pleased. The property is a bit old, but has been redecorated nicely. It was very clean, and the staff were very friendly  knowledgeable. They assured me that we could walk to  from the Wharf easily,  that after dark would not be a problem (we were there in Dec., so it got dark early). We had a great time,  the girls enjoyed our daily walk to Fisherman's Wharf, etc. We were close to the bus stops and cable cars,  felt very safe, even after dark. The staff helped me find the right bus routes to get to the Mission and the Palace of Fine Arts. After we checked out on our last day, I was able to leave the car in their parking lot, for a small fee. It was less than what street parking would have cost,  I knew the car was safe. I would definitely stay here again  have recommended it to friends.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>5manning
<Content>Positive  This property was the only negative during a 2 week west coast vacation. Negative: booked in April online directly with hotel for a 2-day stay in June + called hotel a couple of times before arrival. Arrived at 8 pm on confirmed date to discover we did not have a room. The clerk (owner's daughter?) was surprised to see us and all, but admitted she had given our room away - despite the confirmation! Turned out there was a gay pride celebration that weekend and rooms were in demand. She was apologetic and said she had to tried to reconfirm our reservation earlier that day (called our home number, but we were already enroute). We suspect since it was late evening, she didn't think we'd show and expected to get double payment (our confirmed rate plus whatever the new tenant paid). She did make other arrangements for us, however, at a low rent motel in a seedy part of town at a higher rate....it was a bit scary, but we were tired and needed a bed. Positive: she promised our 2nd night was still reserved and would be waiting. We chose to be optimistic and returned. The room was huge, very comfortable and clean. It was a great place to stay! We would have rated this hotel excellent if our room hadn't been given away the first night. In 20 years of travel, we've never experienced this so please be forewarned that you're taking some risk when making a reservation here.Note: when traveling on the west coast, always confirm the hotels are air conditioned if that's important to you. Many hotels do not have a/c because the nights tend to be cool and you can open the windows, but it's not very safe so you end up sleeping in a stuffy room. Happy Travels!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel for the price No frills but adequate for the price. Clean. Refridgerator/microwave in the room is nice. Front desk staff very friendly and helpful with suggestions for dining and tour options. The only downside of this hotel is the parking. It is minimal for the number of rooms. Cars were parked 3 deep and it was impossible to get out until the other guest moved and even then it became a 7 point turn! Cont. Breakfast was average-muffins, danish, hot chocolate, OJ etc. I would recommend this hotel for the conservative traveler who wants a decent place to stay in a safe neighborhood.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elllmt
<Content>Specify a quiet room There are VERY noisy rooms on the front facing Lombard, and there are MUCH quieter rooms at the rear on a no through road with zero traffic. If noise bothers you, specify a quiet room at the rear and in from the side road (Franklin).There are MUCH larger , updated rooms, and some very cramped scruffy rooms. (We are talking can't swing a cat.) Specify a larger updated room when booking, it costs the same.The breakfast in the tiny lobby has instant coffee and a few muffins and pastries, keeps the wolf from the door. Real coffee is provided for your coffee maker in the room, pick up your own half and half and have it in the fridge if you don't like instant creamer. Close enough for a healthy walk to the great local touristy places. Near public transport. The fridge and microwave allow for your own choice of snacks and simple meals. We stayed a week. We were put in the horrid, cramped, noisy room first night and made a fuss til we were moved to a MUCH better, way quieter room. No excuse for this since we had booked it months in advance, and because of the reviews had ASKED in writing for a quiet room, off the road.Free parking. This place is excellent value, if you don't let them fill up their scruffy, tiny, noisy, old rooms with you.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lenwilcox
<Content>Perfect! Clean, reasonable, good location, free parking A good clean hotel, with a microwave, fridge, wireless, and free parking -- and within budget! I stayed 2 weeks, and had plenty of opportunity to judge the place. My only problem was the wireless signal was not very strong, but another hotel's free wireless filled the gap when needed, so it was not a big deal. Decent restaurants are within walking distance, and a nice little market with a deli is across the street. The hotel is in a good central location - what more can I say?  Would I stay there again? I've already made a reservation for my next trip.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay At This Hotel I will never stay at this Hotel, The San Francisco Bay In at 1501 Lombard St. in San Francisco. I had a confirmed reservation already charged on my credit card statement for two nights. I had a printed confirmation from a third party provider, a very reputable one. The clerk at the front desk told me I do not have a reservation for you. She was totally unhelful, uncaring, and rude. Her attitude was it is not our fault it is the third party provider that did not fax us the confirmation. The clerk did not try to help me in any manner. She did not try to contact the owner or her superior. The third party prvider called the clerk twice to let her know that I did have a confirmed reservation, and the third party provider agreed with me that I definately did have a confirmation number. By the way, I made the reservation about a month before the arrival date and had a printed confirmation. The clerk could have offered to take my cell phone and call me immediately if there was a vacancy. Here is the most interesting part of the story. The third party provider took care of eveything and booked me at a hotel down the street and compensated me for the room. One of the clerks at the new hotel I was staying at called the hotel to see if there were any rooms available at the Franscisco Bay Inn. The clerk at the Francisco Bay Inn said yes, there are rooms available. I guess one opened up after I left...hmmmm makes you wonder doesnt it?????? I never did get to experience the San Francisco Bay Inn and I never will. I will tell everyone I know of my negative exoerience with the San Francisco Bay Inn.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RichardNC
<Content>Great Location - Excellent Service       This is the room - They have WIFI too  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, very clean rooms! Great location, was noisy from traffic, but we slept great by turning on the fan. Comfortable and clean rooms, nice large bathroom. Fridge was a plus! Friendly and helpful staff. We will definately come and stay again!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>worldvoyager
<Content>Good but noisy Having a day to kill in San Francisco (lucky me!) before catching an early morning flight, I needed a hotel, and decided to stay in town rather than near the airport. I searched on Expedia and found the Francisco Bay Inn. One of the features I was looking for was free parking, and the Francisco Bay offers it. There were cheaper options, but not when you add $10-$20 to park your car. Another advantage of the Francisco Bay is its location. This is also a disadvantage. It is on Lombard Street at Franklin, near the corner of Van Ness, within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and other attractions. However, Lombard is a major, six-lane thoroughfare, part of Highway 101 as it wends its way to the Golden Gate Bridge. This means constant traffic noise, right through the night. Earplugs are advised! There are rooms on the back, which may be a bit quieter, but we were right on the front. If the noise doesn't bother you, or, as I say, you use earplugs or drown out the noise with the air conditioning/heating (as we did), it's fine (and I qualify my recommended rating with this). If you want a quiet stay, look elsewhere. I would think this applies to all the hotels and motels along Lombard Street.We arrived about 11 in the morning. I pulled into the parking lot and went to the office. I told the very friendly desk clerk that we were staying there that evening, and could we leave our car while we went sightseeing? No problem. Indeed, our room was ready so did we want to check in now? He also arranged a shuttle to the airport for me the next morning, as my wife was taking the car to visit her family in Northern California. He gave us a map of San Francisco, circling the main tourist attractions and also highlighting the less salubrious areas of town that we might wish to avoid.The room was a decent size, and the bathroom was HUGE, with a full bath. It was bigger than it needed to be because of the design of the rooms. Everything was clean.The king size bed was very comfortable.The room was well appointed, including a microwave and fridge, as well as the usual coffeemaker. Complimentary coffee and muffins are available in reception in the morning. And of course there was cable televiision. The rooms also have wireless broadband internet.The Francisco Bay also offer family suites and free tour pick up. Public transport is right at the door.When we stayed they were busy renovating! Just after 5pm there began a great banging and thumping in the room above us. After a few minutes, I went up to see what was happening. Two workmen were dismantling the room! I went down to the office, and in fact met the chap who had checked us in on the stairs. I asked how long the noise would continue, and a look of horror crossed his face. They were supposed to finish before 5, he said, and went straight up to tell them to stop. It seems they thought they would make a start on another room before knocking off!A final tip: There are lots of great places to eat in San Francisco, but if you stay here, or at any of the nearby hotels, and fancy a great hamburger, go to Polkers on Polk street, which runs parallel to Van Ness, one block up. Turn right out of the hotel and walk up the hill to Polk Street, and right on Polk. Polkers is on your left, past the Alhambra (which you can't miss). It is a small neighbourhood place (my sister-in-law used to live on Franklin which is how we found it) which does burgers and salads and various sandwiches the way they were meant to be. Great for lunch.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disaster Do not stay at this hotel! We had two rooms on the 4th floor. our family had just arrived from a long trip from Japan and were very tired so we were very disappointed when we got to the Inn. The paint was peeling, light fixtures were old and rusty, and there was plywood in the hallways. In addition, there was no hot water in the morning and the hallways completely flooded from a rainstorm . The manager was not helpful at all. She only gave us $20 back for the inconvenience and was very hesitant to do even that. We will never stay in this hotel again and will not recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>redbones53
<Content>Okay stay, but nothing special When people ask us where did you stay in San Francisco, I say some little dive on Lombard Street, and that's exactly what it was. Rooms were small and a little dingy. Fridge didn't work, but when I reported to reception said that it had something to do with having the fridge and microwave plugged in at the same time (??) -- didn't use either. One guest came to the reception area when I was there with wet hair because the hair dryer didn't work. Breakfast was skimpy with some instant beverages, a little fruit, and some sweet rolls and croissants, but it worked. Location was good and with the cost of parking in SF this worked for us. If you're looking for luxury, this is not the place to stay. If you're on a budget, however, this may work for you. This is not a place that you will lose your heart in!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for those on a budget! PROS of Francisco Bay: Cheap (only $62/night average cost for 2 nights); Decent location within walking distance (1 mile) to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 38 where you can get a bus tour of San Fran, watch Sea Lions, and take ferry to Alcatraz; Staff is helpful and friendlyCONS of Francisco Bay: Small rooms especially with 2 double beds which felt a little cramped, this may be okay by European standards; We saw a few small ants in the room; The breakfast consisted of an assortment of danishes, muffins, and donuts... We would have preferred some more healthy alternatives including cereal, bagels, etc.; Our room was a bit noisy as the hotel is located on a busy street.The bottom line is that for the money it is a best buy for the budget conscious visitor. The friendly staff suggested taking a tour of the city by Tower Tours. The tour bus picked us up at the hotel and was a pretty good overview of the area. It is costly, at $38/person for a 3.5 hour tour, but it is a good overview and makes a good first day activity.Make sure to visit Golden Gate Bridge and Park, China Town, Alcatraz, and the Sea Lions at Pier 38.San Francisco was a real treat for us and we plan to go back again soon. Unless we hit the lottery before our next trip we will be staying at the Francisco Bay Inn.Thank you, have a safe trip, and God Bless You and Your Family!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Heslomonik
<Content>good location and parking This motel was our first stop off in California. The hotel was easy to find, but the car park could only really be accessed from Franklin Street. The car park was full, but we were able to double park our car and leave our keys in reception. The receptionist was very friendly, although somewhat anxious to get us to buy a tour of San Francisco. The room itself hadn't been decorated recently, but it was clean. It had a microwave and large fridge, a coffee maker and a huge television. The bathroom was really large and the shower head was the best one we came across all holiday. We were on the first floor but weren't kept awake by the traffic (it is on a very busy road though so this may be a problem on the lower floors). We managed to use the free internet connection but only by taking the lap top to the stairway near reception as the access obviously didn't extend to our corner room. The breakfast was nothing special - just a few pastries and drinks in the small reception. We only went on the first day. The best thing about the hotel was the location. It was within walking distance of everything. Every morning we walked to the Wharf (about 10 minutes) and had a stroll along the promende. It was only a short walk to the crookedst street, and it was very close to the Union Street shops too. For the price, we were very pleased with the Francisco Bay Inn.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Deal and Location! My daughter and I just stayed at this hotel the end of October. We went to SF to tour some colleges she was interested in attending. Francisco Bay Inn was very clean, the location was excellent(very close to Fisherman's Wharf and downtown SF). We rented a car because some of the colleges were outside of SF. In researching hotels we found most charged there guests for parking, as much as $30 a day. This was more than the car rental would have cost. The staff were so accommodating and always willing to answer questions regarding the area and how to get places. If all the parking spaces were taken, you could block someone in and leave your key with the front desk. The next morning you would find your vehicle tucked away in a parking space.If you are looking for luxury and a posh hotel this is not the place. If you are looking for a clean, convenient, comfortable roof over your head this is a great place. Our only complaint is that our room was adjacent to the stairs so the minute guests starting going up and down in the morning it would wake you up. My suggestion: get a room away from the stairs. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit to SF.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kevin_Ann
<Content>Who writes this stuff? Some of the reviews of the Francisco Bay seem too good to be true - like the New Zealand contributor, we wonder a little who wrote them. So, anyway, this is what we thought: Four storey motel building with limited parking. The rooms are clean but slightly on the small size. The bathrooms are a good size and brightly lit. The units are set back from busy Lombard Street and the only thing that hinders a good night's sleep is the plastic undersheet on the bed which crumples up badly and becomes uncomfortable. The so-called 'breakfast' consisted of a few Danish pastries - this is America for goodness sakes! The people in reception did a lot of smiling but were not that helpful - the 'FREE wireless internet access' means exactly that, i.e. you have to have a laptop to use it, and a request to use their internet access to check in for our flights was refused. We were allowed to keep the room for an extra hour past the check out time but had to pay $10 to keep our car in the car park. We only stayed there because we couldn't get in at the Buena Vista down the road, which is cheaper and friendlier.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful time My husband and I just got back from san Francisco. We rented a car so we could do the wine country etc. We stayed at the Francisco Inn Sept- 28th - 2oct 2005.The room was very clean, we had a king size bed which was very comfortable. The free parking was key, the wharf was a 20 min walk. There was a great little store for coffee, beer, wine, snacks w/ a deli right acrossed the street. You can see the Golden gate Bridge from the Inn. Loved the location. For the price it was a great find. I am a travel agent and I would stay here again. It is a very simple motel with clean accomadations in a easy location. If you are looking for a full service hotel this is not for you.If you are looking for a clean, safe place that you are not planning to spend allot of time at the hotel this is perfect!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carlynn
<Content>The little things that count! My husband and I arrived late, hungry and tired. We were actually welcomed (by Jay) and assured that we could park, get to our room with a minimum of trouble and find good food - all of which we did. The room was spotless and the Inn is perfectly located for both exploring the neighborhood and easily getting to and from sightseeing outings. The little lobby breakfast is enough to get you going, and the room has a frig, microwave and coffeemaker for more than that. The Luau a block away is a little bar with good grill food and a nice, intimate feel for ending a long day. The windows open for fresh air and a quaint little elevator is available for luggage and tired feet. Our stay was more than comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pappy101
<Content>OK, But not great I stayed at this hotel due to the location, it was kind of close to everything. I say kind of close because what they claim is that you can walk to Fishermans Wharf. While they may not be lying, the truth is that if you really want to be in the Fishermans Wharf in the middle of all the action, then you will have to pay any where from $160 and up. You will not want to make this walk, it is downhill from the hotel, but all uphill and quite a distance coming back. After walking all around the wharf, the last thing you want to do is walk about a mile and a half back all up steep hills.The hotel was clean, but under construction/remodling, if you are looking for a good value at around $100 a night and have a car, I could reccomend this hotel. There were several things I did not care for. Our room we checked into was rather small which I can accept, but the air conditioner did not work. After several calls and supposed fixes over two days we ended up moving to another room. The screens were not in the windows which is not good without air.If you have a car I could reccomend this hotel, but remember you get what you pay for. It's just ok and the parking all around this area is very limited.We were all over the city so if you need any more info just e-mail me and I'd be glad to answer if I can.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FromOz
<Content>Go somewhere else! We had spent 6 weeks travelling around America. This hotel was by far the worst and did not live up to the reviews. (So much so, that we suspected the owner's relatives had posted the positive reviews). The location wasn't as close to fisherman's wharf as was stated. True, it was in Lombard street but it was a 20 min walk to the wharf, and walking back uphill? Forget it! It is only for the extremely fit.We bussed it there and back and that was ok but for my mind a little inconvenient. We had a room on the top floor, unfortunately their 2 person elevator stopped at the floor below so we had to lug 5 bags up and down flights of stairs- no fun. The room itself was horrendous. Decor was the fifties with chipped pieces out of the furniture, no room to store our luggage (except for an open alcove that wouldn't take our cases, a filthy bathroom that still had previous tenant's soaps and mess on top of the shower rail. Bathroom sinks were filthy. We were also attracted by the free contintental breakfast. What breakfast? The lobby office was 10 feet by 10 feet with a small table with coffee and packets of danishes. You couldn't eat in there and in fact had to stand in line (Half outside the door) to grab a quick danish. Our overall impression Yuk! Spend the bucks and go closer to the wharf.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmbustillo
<Content>pleasant stay Our family of four just returned from San Francisco and we stayed at the Francisco Bay Inn. Pros: clean room, fridge and micro, roomy bathroom, walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, two blocks from public transportation, friendly staff, free parking, reasonable rates. Cons: noisy street, small room for a family, no closet, limited continental breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>skippydg1
<Content>Francisco Bay Inn - a good value If all you need is a clean room in a great location, this is the place for you. The room comes with a small fridge and a microwave and there are little markets nearby. The bus stop is about 2 blocks away and can take you to most of the tourist sights. Fisherman's Wharf is about a 20 minute walk away. The rooms here are on the small side but if you're not spending much time there, does it really matter? There is a small Italian restaurant nearby called the Cafe Lombard and the food is very good. Also, my daughter and I felt safe in this area. I would stay here again. I booked directly with the hotel and paid $114 per night USD in July 2005. Parking is free, a BIG plus.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>midnightbay
<Content>Friendly but nothing special This hotel has many good points, most notably its location. Unfortunately, it also has some aspects that didn't live-up to expectation. The parking was free, which in any downtown hotel is a good thing. Sadly, many of the cars are double-parked, which means leaving the key with reception. When we were ready to check-out, we had to wait for ten minutes for the receptionist to find the missing keys to a van that was blocking our exit. The 'free' breakfast wasn't much more than a small table containing coffee, tea bags, hot water and a few pastries (the table sitting in the hotel's lobby which had two chairs). The room was a little scruffy too. The decor was old, the fabrics were very faded and our entrance to the hotel seemed to be held together by the construction that was taking place. If you're looking for a cheap hotel in Downtown SF, this place is ok, just don't expect much.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and comfortable. Enjoyed a visit to San Fran in June and the Francisco Bay Inn was ideal during two night stay with comfortable room and ideal location. Room was recently renovated and included small fridge, roomy bathroom, good shower, coffee maker, and good bed. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Free parking for car was huge bonus. The hotel is centrally located within ten minute walk of the Marina District and Fisherman's Wharf. Trips to Chinatown, Crookedest Street, and Little Italy are easy with day pass on trolley or extended walk. Plenty of nearby restaurants and cafe's. Small grocery and liquor store right across the side street for stocking the small fridge. Overall renovation still ongoing but not an issue if you are seeing the sights during the day. Price is right.Two thumbs up, worth a stay.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tchefuncta
<Content>Great!! Value for Your money As a comparison, a chain hotel one block away would have cost $60 more PLUS another $20 for parking. Giardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf are within walking distance. So are the interesting shops and restaurants on Union St. Learn to ride the clean, safe and cheap ($1.25) 30 bus to get to downtown and Chinatown. It comes within a block of the hotel. The room was on the small side and Lombard St. isn't quiet, but it was big enough and very clean. The free continental breakfast was spare but adequate. Construction netting over the hotel sign makes it very difficult to spot. No noise from construction though.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value in SF My girlfriend and I stayed in San Francisco for two days. Neither of us were there before and had booked reservations at the Sheraton on Fishermans Wharf. We thought we got a bargain for $99/night there, but after reading the reviews on both the Sheraton and Francisco Bay, we changed them to The Francisco Bay Inn, and we're glad we did.One word of warning, you have to be on the lookout for it because the signs are mostly covered by scafffolding and construction fabric.Those complaining about the continental breakfast need to realize that they are getting a good clean room with microfridge, huge bathroom, and FREE PARKING minutes from the Wharf for less than half of what they would pay for the same accomodations otherwhere. Take the savings and eat breakfast at a restaurant.And if the value isn't enough to sell you on this hotel, the desk staff will. When you enter, the desk clerk greets you with a smile that really makes you feel they are glad to have you there. On top of that, their knowledge of the city will have you on your way sightseeing in no time.We walked to the Wharf in about 15 minutes, and the hotel is near good restaurants on Union Street (we had a good dinner at Pasta Pomodoro there).Our room faced Lombard Street, a busy noisy street. However, we didn't find that to be a problem. I did notice that when we enered the room the window was open. Maybe the others didn't realize that.We plan to visit San Francisco again next year for a week, and will definitely stay at the Francisco Bay Inn.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KRH
<Content>Francisco Bay Inn - Great Find First time staying in SFO and we had no idea where to stay. We knew we wanted to be in the city and near the Embarcadero. We also knew that parking was going to be an issue at hotels. I read a review of this hotel here and decided to give it a shot. The hotel staff were very friendly to out of towners and helpful in finding our way where we wanted to go. The room was nicely appointed. The colors were bright and cheery. Free parking (a big deal in the city). The only drawback is the noise from the traffic at the intersection. Other than that, no problems! We would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay! Stay in this inn last July. We found it a very comfortable and convenient location for our vacation. Clean and the parking was very convenient and always available for us. Easily walk to Fisherman's Wharf and convenient to the other transportation systems. Unless you are planning to stay in your room all day, I highly recommend this inn.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nesdog
<Content>Nothing Special We (me, wife and 10 year old daughter) have just returned from a few days in SF staying at the Francisco Bay Inn. We selected this property based in large part on reviews here. Our criteria was being close to Fisherman's Wharf, cont. breakfast, double queen room and free parking!The hotel is currently being worked on. It looks awful all covered in plastic and boards. The work itself did not affect us at all but it has taken away 30+ parking places in a small lot. Parking is very difficult at this time. If you don't find a spot, you need to leave your keys with the desk (open 24 hrs) and double park. We were on the 4th floor. They told us right away that the elevator only goes to the third. We carried all of our stuff up the stairs. The room was okay but a bit cramped with two queen beds. Luckily it faced the back of the building because Lombard St is very busy and noisy. Lots of busses and traffic to hear. The bathroom was large and well lit. We had a fridge and microwave which was helpful. The continental b'fast was pretty much nothing! A few sweets in a 2 foot area of the Office. Probably similiar to other places but we've had so much better lately at other hotels. We were able to walk to the Wharf with our 10 year old but it is about a 15 minute hike. There are good eateries on Union St. three to four blocks away. We enjoyed Perry's, very family friendly. The Exploretorium (sp?) is less than 10 minutes away by car with FREE parking. Don't miss this attraction!! City busses also run in that direction. All in all, an average stay. I would skip it while the work is on. My guess is that we would try a different place next time.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel but traffic noise deafening Stayed at the Francisco Bay Inn from March 22-25th, 2005. Pleasant enough hotel, front desk staff very friendly and helpful upon check in. Construction work currently going on throughout the entire hotel which was somewhat of a nuisance, especially for parking. Good hotel for the price, rooms clean, but not very spacious. Biggest complaint was the rush hour traffic noise in the mornings, so loud it woke us up each day and it was very difficult to get back to sleep. Had to resort to turning the air conditioner on full blast to drown out the traffic noise. We booked this hotel because of the oustanding reviews but we found it just average. Continental breakfast was nothing more than some small danishes in a basket and coffee which were all usually gone by 8:00 am (early bird gets the worm). Overall the noise was the biggest downfall, being right on busy Lombard Street with rooms 100ft. from the roadway doesn't allow for to many peaceful mornings.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Get More Than What You Pay for I booked a room on-line at the Francisco Bay Inn, sight unseen for 3 reasons. One, THE PARKING IS FREE, two, the cost, and three, the proximity to what my husband  I wanted to do during our birthday and anniversary weekend. I must say, as it got closer to time to drive from LA to San Francisco, I was nervous about staying at a place I'd never seen before. $222 for 3 nights  FREE Parking? Well, when we arrived, yes there was construction going on at the motel, but we parked our car and never moved it until we left. Our room was on the back side of the motel and the room was quiet, exceptionally clean, and the bathroom was HUGE. The desk person was extremely helpful in telling us what busses to catch to get where we wanted to go. Fisherman's Wharf is only a 15 minute bus ride away and Union Square is only a 25 bus ride away. We taxied to Haight Ashbury, and it only cost $12 (including the tip).Although it was my 1st trip to San Francisco, my husband  I decided that whwn we take another drive up to San Francisco, we'll definitely stay at the Francisco Bay Inn again,  again,  again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unsatisfied  Hospitality sucked!! However the area and rooms were very clean for cheap price. I would not choose to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Peter2000
<Content>Great location, Friendly Staff and FREE PARKING!! My Girlfriend and I stayed here for Valentines Day weekend. I couldn't be more satisfied. The staff was very friendly and helpful, given the quality of the rooms, I would have paid double what I paid ($75 a nite). But the best thing about this hotel is, they offer FREE PARKING!!!. Which is EXTREMELY rare to find in any downtown SF hotel. And not to forget, GREAT LOCATION. I'll definitley stay here on my next visit to SF.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean but crowded Stayed there for 2 nights and it was enjoyable but was hardly in the room because we were seeing the sights. The parking lot was very crowded because of the construction. It was great if you didn't plan to use the car, which we didn't. The room and bathroom was very clean. You can't beat the price...mainly because you didn't have to pay for parking. I would recommend it for the location (but put your walking shoes on for walking the big hill to the crockard street) and for the price. We weren't there during the day so the construction didn't bother us. The free breakfast was just donuts and fruit.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>halifaxaway
<Content>An excellent place to stay Everything about this place was excellent. For the very low price you pay you get a large room, great facilities, free breakfast, the most helpful staff i've ever encountered. I cannot recommend this place enough, it may not look anything from the outside but it certainly makes up for it when you step inside.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>northessexman
<Content>Brilliant - Stay here in SF! We noted the many excellent reviews for this Motel, and wern't disappointed. It's excellent value for money, and the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff was the best that we encountered in our 3 week trip around California.We stayed 14 thru 17 December in one of the Family suites (a King room and 2 Queen room connected by a short corridor). On checking in we found (with some trepidation) that some Renovations were underway, but the contractors created little noise and always cleaned up well each day - the upgraded rooms look good, so even better value in the future! Doesn't look like they intend to replace the antique (and very slow) elevators though - the motel is an old style motel design with lots of character though - we stayed in some modern buildings during our vacation that couldn't match this overall package.Due to the renovations a number of the Parking spaces were closed, which made the parking a little more challenging. Some reports on this site do mention the limited parking (and I guess the Free Parking advertising does attract many Car drivers), however the staff have a good system to stack the cars up and move cars if you are blocked in. There are at least 4 other Motels in the immediate area with ample parking spaces if this worries you - but don't know if they charge. (Another handy tip is that parking is free on adjacent side roads between 6pm and 8 am daily.)The Continental Breakfast was good  varied, and the all days coffee/drinks service in the lobby was really welcome after a long day on the tourist trail. Though not directly located on Fishermans Wharf or downtown SF, good Bus links are only a block away ( the MUNI day passes are excellent value), and Fisherman's Wharf is a pleasant 30 minute walk via Fort Mason (4 blocks away, and a wonderful stroll along through leafy park land adjacent to the coast).Be warned that the hotel is located on the busy Lombard Road, and that most rooms do face the road, so some traffic noise in inevitable 24 hrs (but what do you expect for this cost and location??)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nick_ng
<Content>recommended for value, convenient location  My wife, 2 kids  I stayed 3 nights (from Dec. 11 - 13) in the Inn's family suite on the top floor corner. It had been recently renovated so the bathroom is brand new. The room has all the facilities mentioned in previous reviews which really helped with 2 kids wanting to eat  watch TV after long days of sightseeing. The room size is enough to move about. The 2 queen-sized beds are comfortable  with the windows closed, traffic noise didn't interrupt our sleep.Hotel staff are friendly  helpful, especially Sangita. The continental breakfast is enough to get us started. Bus no. 30 is just a block away which conveniently took us to all the major places we wanted to go to. You can walk ( sometimes we did) to Fisherman's Wharf  the other places mentioned in other reviews but the MUNI day-passes on buses  cable-cars saved us time  energy,  parking fees. Since parking is free, we didn't use our car during our entire stay at the Inn.For people looking for a clean, decent  friendly place which doesn't cost an arm  leg, I recommend this hotel. For people who have travelled internationally  stayed in bigger  newer hotels, this place is different so your expectations should be adjusted accordingly. You need to walk a bit to catch the bus to get to the tourist places since this is not downtown but it doesn't take long. I like it  would return when I am in the area.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tahquitzinn
<Content>A great stay, we will return My wife and I willingly forego the amenities of a 5 diamond hotel to get one that is clean, comfortable, and staffed by friendly and efficient personnel. Such is the case with Francisco Bay Inn. The clean and comfortable room, with refrigerator, microwave, 27 TV with expanded cable selections, iron/ironing board, and large bath was improved only by the excellent staff and friendly owners. The convenient location, one block off Van Ness (a major artery for MUNI busses) meant we could travel anywhere in the city without the hassle of trying to find parking downtown, or fight the traffic. The Inn offers free parking, and if we had driven there, the parking lot is where our car would have stayed! The location is safe, and free of annoying panhandlers that plague the Union Square/downtown areas. About 12 blocks from Pier 39, we walked a few times, when not opting for the MUNI bus.The rates were so low, we feared the place might not be up to par, but were happy beyond our expectations with this pleasant inn. We will be staying there again in March '05, and look forward to staying with these friendly and efficient folks again!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel for the Price! The hotel is located in a decent area. Its about 10 minutes from Union Square. The decor is slightly out-dated; and the elevator was designed in the 1920's. But the room again is decent for the price you pay nitely. And the number one bonus is the PARKING is FREE!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lipsticktraces
<Content>Good value We stay in SF at least five times a year and found this to be a good value and location. Rooms are small but feature a microwave and refrigerator and there's a small store across the street. Bath was nice and big and clean. Some noise from the busy street but if we'd asked for a back room that wouldn't have been an issue (and it didn't keep us up -- just noticed it during rush hours). Desk staff were professional and polite. Free parking was a blessing -- and we took advantage of the great transit connections within a block or two. Good steak house across the street called Bobo's, also.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WinnipegFamily
<Content>Good location and price We stayed at the Francisco Bay Inn from Nov.5 - 8, 2004. My husband and I found the location excellent and within walking distance to Lombard Street, Fisherman's Wharf and the Trolley Car turnaround point. Bus access was also easy to the other sights like Golden Gate Bridge and downtown to Chinatown or Union Square. The hotel itself was reasonably priced. Our room had a king bed and very small bathroom but it was clean and the people who owned the hotel were very friendly and helpful. The room also had a fridge and microwave which we found very handy. It is noisy with traffic if you have a room that's on the route 101 side. So if you are a light sleeper, it may not be your best choice. The continental breakfast was a small tray of muffins etc with orange juice and coffee and you had to go down to the office to get it. I don't know if they refilled the tray during the morning so your best bet is to get there early if you want any selection. Free parking was available but it's best to either walk or take public transportation. This hotel is by no means glamorous but if you want a good location and are going to be sight seeing all day and only need the hotel for sleeping, it's perfectly fine. A travellers tip: There are lots of free hotel discount books found everywhere in the city. You can find hotels for far less than pre-booking. (This is a good choice if you are going during a non-busy season for tourists).  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wahoo
<Content>Most Reviews about the Francisco Bay Inn were right My sister and I spent from Oct. 30 to Nov. 3 in San Francisco. We read the reviews of hotels on Tripadvisor and narrowed our choices down based on location, safety, and price. We ruled out staying in the Union Square area because we had read reports of homeless people on the streets and weren't sure we would be comfortable as two women out alone at night. The reviews for the Holiday Inn Express at the Wharf and the Comfort Inn on Lombard were good. We were tempted to go with either because they were known chains. But the Holiday Inns were one of the hotels which had locked out their workers and were being picketed. There were so many good review for the Francisco Bay Inn, however, that we decided to take a chance on it because it was almost half the price and had refrigerators and microwaves. They have a 72 hour cancellation policy but we figured if it was too bad, we wouldn't be out too much if we left after the first night.  We took Bart from the airport and then a bus to the stop closest to the hotel. It turned out to be about a block and 1/2 away--downhill. The room wasn't ready when we got there (before check in time) but an effort was made to have it cleaned next. The hotel is at an intersection of two busy streets. We were put on the second floor at the back which faces a small concrete area backed by a building. There was some traffic noise, but I didn't need to use my ear plugs--particularly when the air-conditioning was running. My sister and I shared a comfortable queen bed. The room was clean and the bathroom was hugh. A cute Indian couple, Jay and Hemi, manage the hotel and were extremely helpful, gracious, and knowledgeable. Every morning we checked our travel routes obtained from the internet with Hemi and the changes she suggested were always better.The continental breakfast wasn't much, but sufficient for our needs. It included coffee and containers of Tang and hot chocolate to be mixed with water. There was also a tray of pasteries that Hemi would restock if the types we wanted had already been taken. This is served on a narrow table where two people might fit, on the side of the small lobby. Other guests brought trays from their rooms to carry back, but since there were tops for the cups, we didn't bother to bring ours. One morning juice was made up and two days there were a few apples in a bowl. Had I had my son along, I would have gone to the little market across the street and gotten milk, cereal, and frozen breakfasts which we could have fixed in our room. We didn't want to waste the time eating a big breakfast so were quite happy with what was there. We usually ate a pastry and took a plastic wrapped one for a snack later in the morning. We had purchased City passes which gave admittance to various places and unlimited use of the muni transportation. We never had to walk more than 3 blocks to any of the route stops so we thought the hotel location was great. We were within a good walk to the Wharf area, but preferred to catch a bus. We felt that the area was safe, even late at night. There was one man who every night was in front of a car at the side of the hotel with a sign. He never approached us or asked for anything, and we did not feel threatened. We felt that we received good value for the price and the staff was excellent. Nasty personnel can ruin an experience even if the accomodations are great. Hemi and Jay are definitely a plus. She always had a smile and showed prompt concern for any of our needs. We enjoyed our stay and were happy with our decision to stay at the Francisco Bay Inn. We would recommend it to anyone who doesn't require upscale accomodations.Further info--We did all the tourist stuff--walking the Golden Gate Bridge which is 1.7 miles each way. We did it early so we got to see fog and take some great pictures looking towards the city skyline. This time of the year, the fog isn't as prevelent and burned off early. We had anticipated it being much cooler, but we ended up getting some sunburn and never used our heavier jackets at night, only lined windbreakers, even at Alcatraz. We would suggest going there in addition to taking a Bay Cruise. We also enjoyed the Exploratorium and seeing Beach Blanket Babylon. Getting tickets before going is probably best even in slower times. We had our choice of seating areas but decided to go to a show at 4 on Sunday which has cheaper tickets because no alcohol is served. We bought the $25 back balcony seats. Only the front balcony and side balcony seats are reserved. People line up about 1 1/2 hours before show time to get the best seating for the other sections. We figured that if we were involved in some other activity and weren't able to get there in time to get better seats, we wouldn't be out very much. As it was, we were in the front row of the balcony and were happy with our unobstructed view. We were disappointed with the California Academy of Science and Steiner Aquarium. It had some nice exhibits, but nothing special.If you go there over Halloween, a very fun thing to do is to go to the Castro (gay) area for their Halloween celebration. It was a blast! The celebration has been taken over by the city and the area is blocked off so that you must enter and leave by certains areas. No liquor was allowed or any dangerous items. This was pretty well enforced. There were some very elaborate and clever costumes. Not everyone dressed up, but those that did were happy to pose for pictures. There were some children and families there but mostly adults which was good since a couple of people chose to only wear accessories and not clothes. Three platforms were set up with dj's or bands and a parade came down the emergency access lane later on. We questioned whether we should take a cab home (stations were set up) since it was so late but were told it would be fine to take the bus since so many people were around. The bus was crowded and everyone was friendly.All the muni transportation drivers were helpful and friendly too. In fact, I don't think we met anyone unpleasant during our whole stay in San Francisco. It is made up of a number of different ethnic neighborhoods and is like many small towns next to each other. We can understand why people talk about leaving their hearts there. We had a great trip.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buttons3
<Content>Best Deal in Fisherman's Wharf Francsico Bay Inn was one of the better deals in the Fisherman's Wharf Area. The staff was extremely helpful both on the phone when making the reservation and in person. The room was nice and the bathroom huge. Parking was free, which is a real cost savings. The neighborhood is safe, within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf  the ferry to Alcatraz. A short car ride to Golden Gate. The elevator was somewhat scary, but you have stairs as an option! Would definitly stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly a San Franciso Treat We couldn't have been happier with our visit and stay at this hotel. Although it may not be ultra glam and just a tad outdated in decor, it makes up for it with location and value. It would suit a self sufficient tourists needs perfectly fine. The hotel is in an excellent location and is within walking distance to many attractions in San Francisco - including Fishermans Wharf, Lombard Street, and The Cable Car Museum. My husband and I found the staff exceptionally informative and attentive. They arrange for bus service, have great recommendations for eateries and hot spots, and they even hold onto your pillow if you leave it behind!I intend to stay at the Francisco Bay Inn the next time I visit the area. Don't expect the Taj Mahal - but certainly expect value for your travel dollar.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdt
<Content>Great Value - Great Location We were driving from Los Angeles along highway 1 as part of our holiday. For this sort of holiday it is was perfect because it: (1) is well located both in terms of entry and exit from San Francisco (2) include a free car park in the price of the accomodation  (3) is excellent value for money (4) had good clean facilities (5) is well located in terms of attractions, the cable car and public transitStaff were helpful and provide good orientation.It is located on the highway so it does have some traffic noise. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nedhop
<Content>Beware of scam According to one clerk, a couple in a room near mine had complained of tobacco smoke and she had had to refund them one (1) night's lodging. A little later another clerk said he had refunded them two (2) nights' room-rent. That they couldn't get their stories straight was evidence of a scam. In either event, they insisted that I -- a non-smoker -- would be required to pay $250 for a clean up. This is a scam that would be outrageous even in New Delhi. (I refused to pay and will contest it if I find a charge on my AmEx bill.)Otherwise the motel is just all right. My room was clean and good-sized, though I've had larger bathrooms in Tokyo. Rooms facing Lombard Street -- about half of all rooms -- are noisy to the point of disturbing sleep. Though the inn advertises covered parking, fewer than two-thirds of the spaces are -- and even those are only partly under the building.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel we had never been to san francisco before and for our first trip, we were pleasantly surprised when we stayed here in sept. our room was pretty small but very clean, the staff was extremely helpful and the location was excellent. we definately want to go back and we would for sure stay at this great, affordable hotel!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value Clean, inexpensive, free parking, good location. Noise level was not a problem. Staff very nice and helpful. Would stay there again. Not a 5 star hotel, but not a 5 star price eiither.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place This hotel is wonderful. The rooms were clean, comfortable and spacious. The bathroom was especially large. It is centrally located to bus lines to get around the city and they have free parking if you have a car. Our room was on the top floor in the back so we didn't have any noise at night. The A/C fan also would block out any street noise you night hear. The front desk staff was overly helpful. If you have never been to San Fran. before they will tell you about everything. I would definately stay again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefanovas
<Content>excellent hotel, we would certainly stay here again We spend 9 nights at the 鈥淔rancisco Bay Inn鈥? Our room was on the back of the hotel, room 215. We had no trouble with noise from the street. Our room was normal size, the bathroom was very big. Everything was really very very clean. Jay and Amy at the reception were always very friendly and helpful. They are really doing a great job over there. Free parking is a huge plus. You can easily walk to the Wharf. You get a coffee pot, microwave, fridge, and iron in the room. It was an excellent hotel, and we would certainly stay here again on our next trip to SF.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for a fussy budget traveler This hotel is a real diamond in the rough! Yes, it is a bit out-dated. Yes, there is traffic noise with the window open (duh - it's a CITY!). But for those who want all the amenities at a discount price, you can't beat this place. I was impressed with all the extras I would not have expected for the price - a coffee pot, microwave, fridge, and iron in the room! The bathroom was extremely clean, and I thought the size of our room was more than adequate. Free parking is a huge plus in this town where even the so-called luxury places often charge guests to park. Don't come here expecting a spread of pastries and gourmet coffee in the lobby. It's not the Four Seasons, nor does it claim to be. What it has is a great location, friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms and it won't break you financially. I can be tough to please, but this place definitely did not disappoint! I recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average and disappointing Francisco Bay Inn was a disappointment. Staff were helpful and friendly and there was lots of parking space. Rooms were disappointing but clean. Breakfast seemed to be a free for all. Location was good, 5mins from Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and 10mins from Union St. were there were lots of nice bars and restaurants. Wouldn鈥檛 go back.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laurie50
<Content>Location, location, location....... Yes, this non-chain hotel is a little loud but you really can't beat the location or the parking. We too were warned about the lack of parking spaces and the ominous threat of tickets so with a rental car, we were a little dubious. The Francisco Bay Inn is exactly what the reviews say. Smaller, independently run, spotlessly clean and close to many SF attractions. We noticed the traffic noise too but were able to block it all out by simply closing the window. There was a small fridge and microwave, a charming retro elevator, creative parking and extremely polite staff. The breakfast was an afterthought so you should know that going in. We stayed 3 nights (booked online) in mid-September and would definitely go back again. Compared to the other chain hotel rates starting at around $160 (sometimes not incl. parking), this place was a steal at $99 for the weeknights and only slightly higher on the weekend.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall pretty good but be careful Overall, a place worthwhile but not suitable for everyone.Pros:1) Free parking - apparently most hotels in the city of SF charges for parking, I got quotes of up to $45/day. Some of the spaces are a little tight but then again so are most spaces (if you can actually find one) in SF.2) Friendly staff - Jay at the reception was very friendly. Even informed us of areas of SF to avoid. Always helpful.3) Clean bed - You would think this is a given, but not really. This place was clean.4) Convenient location - Close to Wharf, Marina, North Beach.....Cons:1) Noise - the Inn is off of Rt. 101, a major road. We got one of the closest rooms to 101 (no other rooms were available) and it was NOISY. We had to leave after a few nights because we couldn't get a good night sleep eventhough we booked for more. The Inn is laid out like an L with the long side parallel to 101 and have rooms on both sides, ask for a room furthest from 101.2) Room size - Our room was VERY small. No chairs, tables, or closet. Essentially 2 feet of space around a king bed. Very inconvenient. We did see other rooms (being cleaned) that were of a more normal size.Bottomline: If you can get a relatively quiet, normal sized room and don't mind a little noise, this would be a good place to stay in SF.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaineBengalTigers
<Content>Stayed 8/31/04-9/3/04 , most reviews are Right on On our Honeymoon....picked this place for the reviews and location, price and free parking, and we got exactly what we expected. A fairly small room with a large bath, free parking and a less than basic free coffee (instant) and pastries in the morning. We were happy, the location is walkable to many sites, cable cars, Fisherman's, Ghiradelli Square....etc. It can be a little noisy on Lombard street, but you can't beat the proximity and price of this place. Don't expect the Ritz Carlton and you will be ok, but it is not a rat trap either.When in San Fran: do the twin peaks ride, but not the 49 mile scenic drive, to easy to get off track, not well marked in some places....up in Wine Country, go to Sterling Vineyards, maybe not for the wine, but the Gondola ride up is worth the trip.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MLN-Madison
<Content>simple, clean; watch price and cancellation policy A little bit out of the way, but free parking was great. Probably not the place to stay if you want to walk everywhere quickly, but fine for driving access to SF. Management was friendly and helpful. Room on top floor had reasonable noise level (but all of SF seems to be too noisy). Bedroom and bathroom were of moderate size; both were simple but clean. More of an old fashioned motel than a Holiday Inn type. Watch pricing and cancellation policy. I booked after seeing a low advertised price on AAA, but when booking was completed, I was warned (online) that the price would be about 16% higher if I kept the reservation. I was given the option to cancel, but think the price advertised originally should be the final one.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible terrible terrible Unbelievable. Caution caution. Is all I say be careful when booking with them. They do not display cancelation policies on their site but can claim charges anyway.If you wanted to change hotels, you will still get charged. I do not agree with the other reviews here. Location was terrible, took 15 minutes to walk, very very busy noisy area, there are a lot of other hotels/ motels in the area. Try them first.If there was 0 out of 5 that is what I would have chosen.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Free Parking, Good Location, Excellent Value A medium size Motor Inn in the heart of the city. I don't think you can find a better value especially if you have a car to park. The location is great, took me only 15mins to walk to the wharf through decent neigborhoods. I booked here because of free parking (up to a $27/day value) but I ended up not having a car. No mattter. The inn is handy to public transportation and/or pleasant walks. My room had 2 Queen size beds, a dresser, a desk, window A/C, a small fridge and microwave and a huge white tiled bathroom. Everything was neat and clean. There was no enclosed closet, but a valet rack held all my hangup items. The staff was friendly and helpful. This is an older but very well kept property so don't expect the rooms to be decorated like a 5 star resort, but more like a high end Motor Inn from years past. To summerize with one word, Comfortable. I love this place, and plan to stay here whenever I visit San Francisco and have a car.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel but alot of traffic noise The staff and rooms here are great. We spent Sunday, Monday nights and a Friday night. The rooms are not huge but definetly big enough for us. They are clean. Our only complaint was the noise level at night. The hotel is located right on the highway leading to and from the Golden Gate Bridge. The traffic noise in the front of the hotel was very loud on Sunday and Friday nights. Also if you call the hotel you can get a better rate (for us $25/night) then if you go through one of the web sites. Overall it was a nice experience and a very clean hotel with great staff.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value A great value and location. Rooms are small, but clean and very comfortable. Staff was extremely helpful in helping us navigate the SF.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dondod
<Content>A great deal! We stayed two nights at the Francisco recently and everything turned out very well. The location is supurb -- walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard St. hill and the colorful Russian Hill neighborhood. Parking was tight but available, which was such a prize in this city with so few available spaces. And the staff was very nice, efficient and helpful. We had a late flight in so arrived after midnight, but because I called ahead and warned them of this situation they had our room ready and waiting. The rooms were spacious and clean, and looked recently renovated. I'd recommend this hotel anytime, especially for the price.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value and location We stayed at the Francisco Inn July 15th 2004 for several days while visiting the city and Napa Valley. It offered free parking and off street parking is at a premium in SF. It was clean and well-priced. The staff was friendly and very helpful with directions. Good budget place to stay for those with cars.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, warm and inviting What a great find! I had to give it a try based on tripadvisor's reviews and the reasonable price. So I whisked away my lovin' man for a romantic getaway and we had a blast. First off, we made an unexpected detour over the Bay Bridge into Oakland and got clear directions from Jay by cell phone. Once we arrived at the hotel Jay was very helpful, showing us all the do's and don'ts of the city on a map. Our room was spacious, clean and comfortable. We did have a problem the next morning, when a rude family decided to hold a loud conversation in front of our window at 7:30 a.m. (tip: DO NOT STAY IN ROOM 101, which is right next to the office), but as soon as we called, the problem was rectified. Minor issue; we would definitely stay again. To anyone who has a problem with the breakfast and lobby at this budget hotel, I would suggest spending a little (or more likely, a lot) more and staying next time at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrentD
<Content>A clean 2/3 star hotel but a 5 star live on premise married management team My wife and I decided one day last week to take a 5 day get away to SF. Low plane fare R/t from CVG to SFO $228. Even took my parents on a whim as they have never been to SF before. Got on this site not looking to stay at the Ritz but something that Trip advisor rates high. I have put my trust in this site in the past for various Europe trips and have yet to be disappointed. This hotel is by no means a 4-5 star, but it is a great value for the money. The rooms are very clean, the tub,bath were spotless. Beds have brass head boards and were very comfortable. The managers are a married couple Jay and Hemmy, (I don't think I spelled her name right, so pardon me). They live on premise, and took care of every request we had. You are 15 minutes to outer end of the wharf. Very safe surroundings. Famous Lombard crooked area three blocks from hotel. Parking was free, but we had other transportation most of the time. Isuggest a Limo thru Bauer limo ask for William Bennett driver, for 90.00 pick up from sfo in stretch., There are refrigs and micros in each room, blow dryer, iron coffee maker etc. Look.....you will not find a nicer front desk or clean hotel for this price. It is not a 4/5 star, but for a resonable place to stay ,clean and friendly, this is a great choice. As far as the previous reader being critical on the free breakfast....get over it...the attempt by this managing couple to make your stay pleasant is magnanimous, the light breakfast is another plus if you wish to partake. There are plenty of coffee shops within a 2 block radius . Would recommend this to anyone looking to have a safe clean room with home feel management. If looking for more, I suggest a hotel closer to wharf, but the price will triple.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Somewhat disappointing This hotel was in a pretty good location without the usually-associated price, however it does have some low points. The street is extremely noisy all night long and the walls are very thin. The room small, the bathroom adequate (but with several hairs in the tub - not ours!) Continental breakfast it is not: Tang, instant coffee and cellophane-wrapped Danishes only. The soda machine was always sold out. Yes, the parking is free and there is a view of the Bridge from the top floor. It's not awful, but if you're looking for a bit more comfort after a long day of walking the city, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab! The Francisco Bay Inn was a pleasant surprise. Good value, clean room with a massive bathroom but the best thing about it was the service. The couple who ran the hotel were so helpful and gave us lots of useful advice. It was possible to walk to Fisherman's Wharf and the area felt very safe even when walking back late at night. By catching a bus on nearby Chestnut you can go practically anywhere in the City. Impressive!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hopeiam
<Content>Francisco Bay Motel My daughter and I stayed here for one night; it was supposed to be two, but we were both so disappointed in the room that we left SF earlier than we'd planned. I booked this room because Trip Advisor rated it as one of the best in San Francisco. Well, the rooms were about the size of a shoebox, and the hotel is not close to the cable cars. My daughter and I walked a few blocks north then East to go to Pier 39; the reviews said the neighborhood was good, but there are no coffee shops or markets nearby; homeless people stand with their pieces of cardboard around the hotel, and there is a warning in the parking lot not to leave ANYTHING in your vehicle; lest it be stolen, I assume. The hotel has no lobby; there is a window you check in at, and it's about as impersonal as you can imagine. The location right on Lombard street is noisy; the hotel is a tiny parking lot away from four lanes of traffic on a very busy corner. We expected a lot more and were basically disappointed. This was my daughter's first trip to San Francisco, so I wanted it to be at least an average room, but this is, in my opinion, not even average. There was room for the bed, then a TV and a desk, and that was about it. This hotel does not deserve its #6 rating as one of the best hotels in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My wife  I stayed here in April of this year for our anniversary. The reviews are right on. It's not a 5 star luxury hotel but the rates are reasonable, the rooms are spacious and clean plus FREE PARKING which can save you 20-50 dollars a night. The staff is friendly and the location is convient. Would stay here again if in SF.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Stayed during the middle of May 04 for 2 nights. Great location, very close to Fishermans Wharf, the crooked street section of Lombard, and the cable cars. Room was clean with a huge bed and a large bathroom - having a fridge was a big bonus. Nothing to complain about at all really, the parking could be a problem if you arrive at the wrong time (we saw quite a bit of double parking over the weekend), but then not many hotels in San Francisco offer free parking. All in all very good for the money and wouldn't hesitate to go again.   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place to Stay in San Fran Stayed at the Francisco Bay Inn for 5 nights in April/May 04. What a great find. Rooms were spacious with huge bathroom. TV, microwave, fridge (handy for keeping the beers cool!!), iron  ironing board - what more could you ask for. 15 mins walk to Fishermans Wharf....Jay on reception was very helpful.Would highly recommend this hotel and will definately stay here again when we return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChuckyAU
<Content>Why stay anywhere else Stayed here during April 04 and it was great. Staff were always willing to do whatever it took to make your stay comfortable. You are close to public transport to anywhere. 1 block up the hill to Van Ness and catch route 47 to Fishermans wharf and go anywhere from there. Be sure to get a Muni Transit pass, it is worth every cent. When I go back there will be no need to find a place to stay. I will always stay here.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good price, great location, well managed Found hotel through Trip Advisor and reviews were right on. Not fancy, but good value, great location, free parking, close to many bus lines, longish walk to Fisherman's Wharf, comfortable, clean rooms and helpful staff. Highly recommended. Hint: free continental breakfast may seem to be pretty sparse when you get there; just ask and they will refill trays from stash behind counter.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location - Thanks Tripadvisor My father and I took our annual boys trip to to San Francisco this year to hike in the Marin headlands and do some fishing in the SF Bay. Couldn't have picked a better place to stay! Jay and Hemali, the managers who live on-site, were very welcoming. We walked to the Wharf where our boating expedition left each morning (took us 5 minutes). The hotel is on Lombard street whch is very close to the Golden Gate Bridge and the famous windy street. Broke atkins because they had some pretty good, fresh bakery items in the morning for us as part of their cont. breakfast! Well, when on vacation..... Great time at the Francisco bay inn - recommend it. If you meet Jay or Hemali, tell them Jeremiah sent you! : ) -   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great accommocations for the $$ Stayed here based on the rave reviews that we saw in TripAdvisor....everyone was right on! Great location. Spacious king room with huge bath. Very clean and all the amenties we needed. Very friendly staff. Convenient to everything. We could walk or take a bus, and best of all FREE parking. Did not need to use our car for three days! Laundromat near by, grocery across the street, and many restaurants nearby. Would definitely recommend this location to our friends and fellow travelers.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay!! Staying at the Francisco Bay Inn was really great as the location is really close to the warf and to transportation. The rooms were very clean and great big bathrooms which is just great. There is parking that is free so that really got our attention. The workers are great too! I would have to say if your looking for a clean, free parking, GREAT location well this is the place for you.....  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't beat the price and the neighborhood. FREE Parking! Stayed here a couple of nights. I read all the reviews which led me to this place. No major complaints here for the price of $65. However, I must admit, I have never seen smaller rooms. If you need access to the internet you have to get as close to the main office or right above it, or else no signal. Another thing is that it is on Lombard street (101 N. ) and in the morning, the noise level is kind of high. However, like I said earlier the price of $65 is hard to beat . The neighborhood is nice and safe and in the middle of plenty of attractions. It is walking distance to the Wharf and several blocks from the main bus lines. The staff is great and best of all FREE parking. I recommend their sister Motel, Nob Hill on Pacific. T  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reviews are right on!   showReview(1765370, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABQgurrl
<Content>Best place to stay in San Francisco... no kidding!   showReview(1737355, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovers Hideaway   showReview(1670100, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BarbaraVail
<Content>Good Value   showReview(1659782, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic and reasonable place!   showReview(1650353, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good value   showReview(1507839, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close but no cigar!   showReview(1496194, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FREE Parking in SF! -Mary   showReview(1491734, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>inexpensive and convenient   showReview(1399432, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small but perfectly formed!   showReview(1238702, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona posizione, pulizia e comfort   showReview(19644535, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hessenlarso
<Content>Eher schlecht   showReview(17378230, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 bon petit d茅j mais bruyant et pas tr猫s sympa   showReview(16606724, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliato   showReview(16606725, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien, mais bruyant   showReview(15567214, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(15567213, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je ne recommande en aucun cas...   showReview(16724826, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LanaParis
<Content>Peu agr茅able   showReview(14266557, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	4	5	1	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situe pour visiter san francisco   showReview(13199167, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>alain-Vegas
<Content>UN ACCUEIL d茅plorable, malgr茅 une propret茅 remarquable   showReview(11120315, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	3	5	1	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Na ja ...   showReview(11310860, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>misterzebra
<Content>propre mais bof   showReview(7012393, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel tres prope, mais peu accueillant   showReview(11374139, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

