<Author>sanjinv
<Content>Great value, quiet place The stay was great, I can only cite user adt52's comment: The Hotel Icaria is a fantastic place. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the breakfast which was included in our cost was second to none. The room was nice and clean, very comfortable - though some might be a little annoyed by the technology (hint: the key-cards). Location is quiet, near to the beach and Port Olimpic, bus stops for lines 14  41 that take you to the centre (Monument Colom, Placa Catalunya...) and 92 (to the Park Guell)are in front of the hotel, and a shopping mall is some 100 m away. Taxis are all around and relatively cheap, metro works really great.  From the airport (besides a taxi of course) you can take the Aerobus to the Placa Catalunya (4 EUR per person) and from there bus 41 across the street (or 14 that stops in famous La Rambla some 100 m further), but the Renfe train line from the airport to Estacio de Franca would be the best solution as you can use a single ticket for the ride (unfortunately, at the time of our visit this line was not accesible). Check the Bus turistic lines as they seem a good option (not personally tested), one of the lines stops near hotel - othervise take advantage of the cheap T-10 bus/metro/Renfe/tram ticket. And of course, prepare yourself by searching the 'Net for all the info you can absorb before you embark! :-)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>adt52
<Content>Worth a Visit Just returned from a visit to Barcelona. Not sure that the last week in October was a good time to visit Spain and get good weather, however we were not disappointed 4 beautifully warm and cloudless days out of 7 wasn't bad.The Hotel Icaria is a fantastic place. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the breakfast which was included in our cost was second to none. Full English or Continental and as much as you wanted.Our room was a triple and was well appointed although the air conditioning seemed to have a mind of it's own. Having wireless internet in the room was also an advantage. The hotel was spotlessly clean and although there were conferences taking place in the hotel while we were there, the relaxing atmosphere within the public areas of the hotel for non conference guests was not disturbed.It was a shame that I wasn't able to speak to the hotel Manager to offer my compliments before we left to return home.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Indiragold
<Content>Quiet locaton, close to the beach...       Hmmm, lovely lounge area though...  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>awizzbang
<Content>Nice hotel, quiet location Stayed here for 3 nights in OCtober, hotel was modern and clean.Room was a good size with all amenities although the safe did not work, however was able to keep documents in reception safeBreakfast OK but nothing special, staff helpful, small pool but not busy at this time of the year.Quiet location but near to beach and Port Olympic where there are a good range of restaurants.If you buy a tourist bus ticket itis worth knowing that there is a bus stop on the blue route only 200 m away from the hotel, so transport into and from the centre is easy and cheap  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mello10
<Content>Loved Barcelona just returned from a 4 day stay at the 4 star ICARIA hotel in barcelona and a really great time we had. the hotel was on a quiet and safer part of barcelona yet 5min walk and you where on the beach. also near port olympia with its bars and restaurants these i would not recommend but if you enjoy tapas and piella you will love it the hotel was spotless rooms cleaned every day the staff where nice and helpfull breakfast good out side the hotel doors their is a bus stop number 41 every 10 min and this takes you into the heart of the old gothic quater and las rambles the shops are amazing also port vell marina where you will find a irish pub with great food at very good prices any one going to barcelona i would recommend ths hotel for having the quietness and also the confience of the shops. If you have shoped to you drop then get a taxi their is plenty of them for the price of 4euro 50 enjoy  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LondonLisa_C
<Content>not great...... We picked the hotel as we wanted to be near the beach but not too far away from the centre of things as we were staying for 5 nights.The location was fine, the beach and port (with all it's bars and restaurants) just a 5 minute walk away, but other than that the hotel was really isolated - but at least it was quiet at night.Check in was short and sweet, but they forget to tell everyone that you need to use your hotel key card in the lift or you won't be going anywhere..... luckily some other guests helped us out.The room was ok, but the bathroom door didn't shut, it took a few hours and phone calls to resolve but as the hotel was full and we couldn't change rooms, they did send someone to fix it pretty quickly. We had to go down and spend a couple of hours by the crowded pool area while we waited (it's VERY small, even smaller than the pictures on the websites so don't expect to get a sun lounger). Otherwise the room was ok  fittings new, just don't look too closely and so you don't notice the bathroom ceiling had a damp patch and the bedside cabinet tops weren't properly clean.... they do provide tea and coffee, but no milk and the plastic tea spoons disappeared after day 1.... be prepared to bring your own!! On the 3rd day there was a problem with a burst pipe so we had no water for a day - we called to complain and reception explained no one had water (hadn't had it all day, not that they bothered to tell anyone) and then brought us one 1litre bottle of mineral water to wash with (between the two of us). When the water came back on it was slightly yellow, so we decided not to use it.Breakfast was very mediocre (hot food limited and cold) - ok I think pretty atrocious for a 4 star hotel (coffee tasted like watery instant, and only herbal tea as an alternative) -  the rest was disappointing, suggest you head to the local shops or the port for a much better option (and cheaper!) So, to the main complaint, after day 1 we decided to cancel breakfast which we had pre-booked for one of us - and were told by an incredibly rude man at reception (he kept answering the phone without a single apology while talking to us), who told us we couldn't, it was included in the price (no it wasn't) and only when we got annoyed would he check our reservation and realise that we had ordered the breakfast separately and yes it could be cancelled. Reception in general were rude and unhelpful, not interested in helping or providing good service. We asked about the theatre tickets (as per the leaflet in reception) and they told us to go to the theatre ourselves and buy tickets..... the one notable exception was the very nice lady who helped us check out very quickly and ordered a taxi as our flight had changed, she was quick and efficient.The hotel is just about ok, although I think VERY expensive for what you get, I think you are better off paying a bit more for the hotels nearer the port/town - they are also that bit nearer to things as it's about 30 min walk to the old town from the hotel icaria -or picking something more reasonably priced nearer town - the public transport system is fantastic  cheap (don't go on the tourist bus, get on the metro/use taxis - it actually worked out much cheaper and far more flexible)Barcelona however is fantastic, worth the trip, but probably you should pick another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>uktravelller
<Content>Good Location The staff on reception were helpful and polite, room was modern and clean, our room had a view of the pool and terrace, and a view of the city. Bar area was nice and relaxing on the terrace plenty of seats. Breakfast had a varied choice, but not so lucky the second morning, no cooked food, one of the coffee machines did'nt work and the othe one had run out of hot water. You also have to time going to breakfast at the right time, the hotel was full when we stayed, which meant that at one point there were no tables available, maybe we were just unlucky that day.Location of the hotel is good, its a 10 min walk to the nearest metro, and about the same time to the beach/marina area.In all had a good stay, would go back to the hotel and recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>GMACz
<Content>Positive overall We stayed at the Icaria for a week in mid August, a family of five. On the positive, check in was fine  we found the staff generally friendly  helpful. Rooms were roomy  modern, a feature of the whole hotel  everything was generally clean. Breakfast was fine although cooked items tended to be cold. Other food provided was mostly good. The terrace area  pool were excellent  service quite good. There's a nice hot tub next to the smallish pool  constant steam room  sauna in the back areas. Location was good if you want to be near the beach  there's a decent choice of restaurants all within 10 mins walk. Taxis are cheap  only 6/7 Euros into town. Internet access was very good.On the downside, no porter, you have to lug your own stuff around which was a pain. Coffe/tea making facilities were advertised but no tea/coffee provided  requests met with blank expressions. Luggage is stored in an area next to reception - not particularly safe  I noticed this was the same with all guests luggage. Major hassle was the keycard system, room cards were needed for the lift  along with almost every guest I spoke to it worked only half the time sending us all over the place. Health  safety check is required on the fire escape/stair doors, floors 1  2 were sticking  would be dangerous in an emergency.All the family enjoyed the stay  we'd probably use the Icaria again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>msmith2601
<Content>Good all rounder hotel Myself and another 8 friends stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on a hen weekend. I booked 3 triple rooms for us all and was pleasantly suprised by the amount of room we had in each room.The rooms worked out to be 拢116 per person for the 3 nights which compared to some of the other 4* hotels in Barcelona was a very good price.The hotel is very modern and has a fresh feel to it. Our rooms were cleaned every day and new towels provided too. The pool terraced area is great to have a drink and chill after a day in the sun or sightseeing.Location we found to be excellent. Only a short work to the beach (5mins), 10 mins walk to the Port Olympic and a short taxi ride to the Ramblas.Would definitley recommend this hotel to couples, families and groups.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joanna_c_c
<Content>Very nice       pool (at night!)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>CarolinaJuez
<Content>Good hotel Very good hotel. Near a nice beach. The turistic bus, stops 2 blocks from the hotel and the subway is 5 blocks away.Nice and clean rooms. Quite neighborhood.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>1_to_travel_on
<Content>Not quite what I was expecting It was fine for a one night stay before our cruise, but I can't bring myself to say it was above average. A quick rundown:Check in went smoothly and we were able to get our room around 1:00.The front desk staff somewhat answered our questions, but weren't overly helpful.It was a brisk 15-20 minute walk to the Metro, but the bus stop is fairly close. There were 4 of us, so we got the metro multi pass and shared it for our one day which worked out great.Breakfast was fine, but not $25 worth.Could not sleep because the room was so warm. The a/c was making a noise, but nothing cool was coming out. Unfortunately, it was raining, so we were not able to open the window for fresh air either.We asked the hotel to hold our luggage after we checked out. They have a locked room, but because they were busy, we were told to set it aside in the lobby and they would get to it when they had a chance. When we returned several hours later, I was disappointed to see it still sitting in the lobby were we left it. We saw notes that this was an up and coming neighborhood, not sure about that, it was quiet though and a good location for our port departure the next day. On that note, definitly watch out for the cab drivers. We were told by the hotel that the ride would be 20-25 euro, the cab meter said 18 when we arrived at the terminal, then he did some magic and suddenly it was 30 euro. We questioned him and he said it was because of our luggage. Not in the mood to argue, we paid it, but I wish we had been more firm. Heck, we were already where we wanted to be so what could he really do if we had refused to pay that amount.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Minetta
<Content>Just about ok Stayed at the Icaria during the F1 of Barcelona.I would say that the hotel was just about ok.I checked in on Friday afternoon, stayed at the pool for about 2 hours (you have to pay extra for pool towels) not on for a 4 star hotel, especially when you see all other guests with room towels. Anyway the cost of the room was 鈧?90 a night (corporate rate) in the three nights we stayed the sheets were never changed, no soap was put into the rooms, had to call housekeeping. Worse the rooms were done utill 17.00pm in the faternoon so if you do want to go back to the room for a while impossible.Having said this breakfast was ok even if we did have to pay 鈧?6 extra ahead.... Not close to the city ctr need Taxi, but very close to Barcelonetta, which, for who knows the area is good for going out in the evening.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luise53
<Content>Grear Location, rude staff I booked to go to Barcelona for my hen weekend with 12 of my friends. We arrived at the hotel at mid day after being up since 3 am. We were told our rooms were not ready and to come back in 3-4 hours!! Couldn't help but notice they booked the Spanish guests in without a problem. We came back 3.5 hours later to be informed that they didn't have the triple room we had paid for through Last minute.com. The hotel staff spoke good English but their customer service skills were poor to say the least. After argueing with them for almost an hour, I phoned Last minute.com myself as the hotel staff said it isn't their problem and told me I had to sort it out myself! After finding out that Last minute.com had decided to cancel our triple room without informing us, the staff then gave us another double room. One of my friends had to stay on their own, which isn't the end of the world, but it's the principle of the matter. I've never been to 3-4* hotel and been treated like this.The waiter round the pool area would not take orders from the seating dinner area outside as he said it was too much for him to keep walking up and down!! Sorry, thought that was his job!! The rooms were a nice size and we were over looking the pool which was sometimes noisy. There was building work going on next door which woke us up every morning with loud drilling. The rooms are not noise proof and you could hear everything going on down the corridor.Other than that, the hotel is a superb location and would recommend to stay in the Olympic Port area as there is so much to offer food, drink and bar wise. We got the num 14 bus which took you into the Las Rambles. It ony took 10 mins. The nightlife was brilliant and anyone wanting to do some traditional Salsa dancing go to Mohito's, it's fantastic and brilliant for a girls night out..Make sure you know exactly where you want to go as not all the Taxi drivers speak good English. Overall Barcelona is a fantastic city and I can't wait to go back. I would stay in the Olympic Port again, but not Icaria hotel.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Travelling_Light65
<Content>Quiet rooms at the back! This is a very modern hotel with clean minimalistic rooms. Good firm beds, laminate floors, clean dark green marble bathrooms and the best power shower I have experienced! On arrival we were offered a suite at the front of the building but after one night found it too noisy from the traffic on Avinguda d'Icaria and so asked for a quieter room. We were given a room, albeit smaller at the back of the hotel overlooking the swimming pool. 6th flloor and great view of Montjuic in the distance and a building site in the foreground but the room was lovely and quiet and so a small sacrifice to pay. If you are going to stay in April then note there is no air conditioning until May. We found it slightly stuffy as a result.I read on the Venere web site that this hotel is two minutes from the metro. Beware, it is not! The nearest stop is Ciutadella Vila Olimpica and it takes a good 15 minutes to walk to. However there is a bus stop outside the hotel and No 14 goes up La Rambla while No 41 goes a more direct route to Placa de Catalunya. Get the 10 trip card, valid on the bus and the Metro - good value as it will save you money on individual tickets and so much more convenient.Hope this helps with your hotel selection in Barcelona. Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkA74
<Content>Second visit! We stayed at the Hotel Icaria in June of 2007. It was the second time I had stayed there (the first was a business trip in 2006), but the first time that I had taken my partner there.The staff are very friendly  even though I tried my (admittedly ropey) Spanish upon arrival, they immediately replied in excellent English!The rooms were excellently presented and my partner was very impressed with the overall quality of the hotel. Hotel Icaria is five minutes walk from a crossover point for the Barcelona Bus Turistic (the red / blue / yellow open topped hop-on / hop-off sight seeing buses), basically you walk out of the reception and go left (towards the car wash at the end of the road) and then turn right (the stop is across the road). You can buy a two day ticket on board the bus for 24 euros and we used this service to get around the whole of Barcelona during our stay. It's excellent value!As for the hotel's other amenities, the bar  restaurent are very good (although not that cheap) and the pool is fine (although being so close to the Olympic Marina  beach we didn't actually use the pool.)I would recommend this hotel unreservedly, it is great value for money, it's close to the beach and marina, has good public transport links and the rooms are excellent.Our flight wasn't until after 22:00, but we were able to leave our cases in a secure room behind reception whilst we went off having a final days exploring before heading back to pick up the cases and get a taxi to the airport with no problems at all.One tip I would give, don't take a taxi from the airport, get the blue bus from outside arrivals which goes to Placa de Catalunya, then pick up the Barcelona Bus Turistic on the Blue Line  then it drops you off minutes walk from the front door of the hotel!I'm looking forward to going back again!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dd123Uk
<Content>It's simply all you could ask for I promised Marc Camps (The Manager) of the hotel I would write a review on Trip Advisor, and here I am.Im generally easily pleased anyway, but can say almost with complete certainty that you will not regret booking at this hotel. Yes it's in a quiet not in the heart of it location  a 30 min walk to The Ramblas (Dont know what the big deal is about this strip personally, sure it's worth a look but it's just the tourist Oxford street  of Barcelona!) There is so much to see  things to do  sample that you might wish to venture further away from this area  enjoy some Tapas for 7 Euro in a bar full of locals, there are many! Travel is easy with the T10 ticket that has been mentioned gets you back to the airport too-Its really worthwhile for about 拢5Anyway, for a balanced view the hotel has a slight business feel to it, not that I mind that.But for those that want a local run hotel may want to bear this in mind. I had a suite by the way, but I am sure the standard rooms are just a smaller version anyway.Book it- you cannot fail to appreciate this hotel does exactly what a modern hotel should.Darren  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gillygeegee
<Content>Good value - pool, on bus tour routes, on outskirts This is a good, clean, quite, hotel with a pool and good sized rooms (our room had a massive bathroom which was about the same size as the room space). Flat screen TV in room with reasonable channel selection. Internet access in the lobby. It is about 2kms from Sagrada Familia (which we could see lit up at night from our upper floor room, overlooking the pool) and La Rambla so about a 20 to 30 minute walk depending on your pace. It is less than 5 minutes from the beach which, when we visited in April was quiet. The hotel is located in a residential area so there are not a lot of facilities for the tourist nearby in terms of restaurants, although there appeared to be lots of cafes and sandwich shops around for day time use. There is also a small shopping centre nearby (a block away) where there is a supermarket to buy supplies. The hotel is also situated very close to the cross section between two of three hop and hop off open top open top bus top tours (with one of the companies) which is useful if you like that kind of thing. We did eat in the hotel restaurant which was fine and good, if standard grub. The buffet breakfast was good, varied and plentiful. Overall, although the location means you do have a reasonable walk to many things it is peaceful and of good quality.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lesliep
<Content>Very Nice Room       our room  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LINDIE3
<Content>Our Stay At The Icaria- My husband and I stayed at the Icaria for 4 nights at the beginning of November and had a wonderful time there. It is quite a distance from La Rambla and many of the restaurants but everywhere is easily accessible once you find your bearings. We have no complaints about the hotel but I would suggest trying to include breakfast in the price when booking as it is very expensive if you don,t want a big breakfast. Overall Barcelona is a wonderful place and I would definitely go again as there isn't enough time to see every thing. The taxi from airport cost us 28 euros going and 25 going back, so I think everyone must get charged different prices. I would probably use public transport if we go again now that we have been.couple from Newcastle  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michnield
<Content>Elegant, clean and spacious My husband and I visited Barcelona and booked the Icaria through Hotel Connexions. I was worried that it would be a bit 'out of the way' but as we like to use public transport, we found the hotel after a 15 minute train journey to Passeig de Gracia with a change to the yellow metro line taking us the 4 stops to Ciutadella Vila Olimpica. It was still a 10 minute walk from there but once we found the hotel, we felt comfortable with our choice! Although we were quite early, we were offered a twin room which was ready or the keys to view it to help us decide, or we could wait for the double room we had booked. The receptionist rightly said that the twins were slightly larger and we were glad that we decided to take the twin room. We never had to queue for the reception as there was always plenty of staff on duty, especially booking out time! Food is available all day with some options available all night as well. Breakfast was included in our room rate which we were glad about because quite a few people seemed surprised at breakfast that breakfast wasn't included in their rate and it was an extra 15 Euros each. You can eat 'bar snack' type meals which are reasonable or opt for the restaurant meals. Breakfast was ok for a Spanish hotel with plenty of fresh fruit and pastries, not much choice of cereal and no chance of a decent cup of tea!!! We enjoyed our stay, found the staff very helpful and able to speak good English, comfy beds, good bathrooms....we would love to go there again!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elestoban
<Content>still good have previously reviewed this hotel - this time i took a group of 16 guys  they were all very pleased.met a group of 8 women who also seemed very pleased with the amenities.large twin rooms work well for sharing.nice spacious bathrooms - be careful with shower - has mind of its own!there is no question that the outside seating areas work really well for groups.service is friendly  quick although sorting out who ordered what / when can be a bit chaotic therefore best to pay or sighn as u go.breakfast is still good but a bit of a bun fight - it goes until 11.00 but they start clearing away at 11.00 on the dot.one big recomend was the restaurant El Asador de aranda at Tibidabo - about 12 euros by taxi - great for group in private room or just dinner for 2 nb meat eaters only !  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>14traveling
<Content>Close to the beach! This was a great place to stay! Everyone was friendly, it was very modern, the room was very large even by American standards, the beds were comfy, and they do have a great breakfast but it is expensive. The front desk staff was very kind. My husband had a work emergency and his cell had died, the front desk let him make a call overseas for free. The pool area was great and it was only 2 blocks from the beach! I was a little scared to stay there because of some of the reviews but we cancelled our other hotel reservations to stay there because we liked it so much. The bus is right out front and it takes you right to the metro. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>busygirly
<Content>Great stay at Icaria - would come again! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Icaria for 5 nights in the middle of September and were really pleased with our choice. We chose it for the excellent location to the beach and the port, the pool, modern rooms and good reviews and wern't dissapointed. The hotel was very modern and clean with a pool and jacuzzi (although not warm), small gym (ample but not for muscle enthusiasts) and a lovely outdoor seating area with big, comfy sofas.There was building work taking place next door but it was very quiet and minimal and finished early in the day. You can get a taxi from the hotel which should cost about 23 euros, but our driver decided to add about 7 euros on so costing us 30!! After deciding to walk in and from town the first day (big mistake-it was too hot) we quickly discovered the excellent public transport, and got the bus and train returning to the airport on our departure.I definitely recommend you use the metro and bus. They are very regular, relible and clean. You pay exactly the same for both. 1.25 euros for a single journey anywhere and the number 14 goes from right outside the hotel to Las Ramblas and beyond. If you use a metro get a T10 ticket for 6.40 euros (about 拢4), which allows you 10 journeys anywhere around Barcelona (and if your a couple and only want 5 trips each, you can share the ticket. This can also be used for train back to airport.The room at the hotel was large with a big modern bathroom and a hot powerful shower and hairdryer, comfy double, air conditioning, fridge/mini bar, flat screen tv and free safe. plus a free ice machine on every floor. We stayed on a room onthe 5th floor and got one of the few massive roof terraces/balconies to ourselves!!!For our 5 day stay breakfast was only an extra 拢12 on top (we booked with greatlatedeals.com) and was well worth it!! We had about 4 courses every morning!! Massive variety of food and always loads. Breakfast runs from 7-11.Location, great for the beach (although we didn't really go cos it got a bit cool towards the end of the week) and the olympic port, five mins walk where there's a sandy beach. We found eating at the Olympic Port quite nice, but be prepared to be hounded by the staff to come in as you walk passed them. A bit annoying. The hotel room had a very comprehensive tourist guide book so you can find all the restaurants you like. The hotel also has free internet in the lobby. Room has kettle and cups but no tea or coffe. might want to take your own of grab some from the breakfast cart. no cork screw either and mini bar expensive, so buy your own wine.There is a supermarket 3 mins walk away, two blocks right and one left from hotel.There is a tourist bus which passes near to the hotel but we did not use it. Brilliant sight seeing up and around Las Rambles. Nice Cathedrals, but for most you need to have your shoulders covered (as I was turned away from one). worth going to.WATCH YOUR BAGS!!!!! a friend living there got her bag snatched from her twice in the 1st few weeks and we encountered a couple of boys planning to snatch my bag one night, but as long as you are aware and keep it closely wrapped around you you should be ok.If your going with a football nut, you can take a tour of the Nou Camp for about 拢8 I think. My boyfriend loved it!!!!Such a pretty city. bring your comfy shoes and be prepared to have a wonder abuot. and take a map with you or you'll be wondering a lot. Tonnes of shops everywhere, ranging from the usual tackey to Gucci and Armarni (up the Passaig de Gracia). Oh and there is a Zara on every street corner!!!! brilliant!!Definitely good 4* hotel, with everything you could need!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carlw1968
<Content>Just as expected On arrival parked the hire car in the underground garage, just press the buzzer and reception will let you in. There is a lift to all floors and reception is located on the PB, don't know what it stands for. Room was ok and everything worked as it should, asked for extra pillows, delivered within 30 minutes. Not a lot of room by the pool and sun loungers are few but free to use, hotel will provide towels at 3 euro's each for use by the pool, do not take towels from the rooms. Breakfast was the only disappointment as the staff seemed unable to keep up with either food, plates, cups or coffee, there always seemed to be something missing even though we tried early (9 am) and later (10:40 am) times to see if it made any change.....it didn't. TV in the room is limited to 1 news channel in English (CNN) but most programs are in Spanish or the local Catalan dialect. We didn't stay to watch tv anyway! Hotel is located in the Olimpic Port area and is on 2 tourist bus routes so easy to get in to town as the Blue route stops in the central Square at the top end of La rambla where all the action is. Overall? ok but don't bother with the breakfast at 14 euros a go it is better to check out the cafe's locally or miss it and have a early lunch. hope this helps in your choice, we would go again?, yes because it is in a good location and is clean, staff a bit so so but this seems to be the norm for most hotels here, Enjoy  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	-1	4	3	4	

<Author>Kathi_Expander
<Content>Great service and accommodations First of all the location is fabulous. It is a 5 minute walk to the beach with many great restaurants, 10 minutes to the city business section and about a 30 minute walk to the end of La Rambla. The Bus Touristic has a stop right around the corner from the hotel.When making our reservations with Travelocity I had a triple room. For some reason I thought it was 2 rooms with a bathroom. I was wrong. Instead, I was given a one room with a king size bed and a small twin and the bath. I went to the front desk and they pulled my order. I told them what I thought I had ordered and they said, You have 2 adults and a child. I explained that the child was 17. They immediately checked and upgraded me, at no cost, to a business suite that had a room with a king bed and an office equipped with computer, desk, recliner chair, and coffee table, with plenty of room for a single bed. It was perfect. The bathroom was awesome.We were staying there for 3 days and traveling elsewhere for 2 weeks and returning at the end of our trip. The front desk reserved that same room for us on our return trip at no additional cost.The all-you-can-eat breakfast was great with all varieties of breakfasts from around the world. It was definitely enough to hold us over until Tapas time, with a gelato and espresso lunch in between.The staff was wonderful and accommodating. I give it 5 stars and will tell everyone to go there.By the way, the taxi from the airport was only 18 Euros, plus 1 Euro for each piece of luggage. I am not sure what the other person is talking about when they paid 38 Euros. Also, there is a train from the BCN airport to Estacio de Francia, and the cab from that station to the hotel is only 6 Euros plus 1 Euro for each piece of luggage.This hotel and it's staff is a real winner.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mlomagno
<Content>decent hotel for the price Booked this hotel for one night when we stopped over in Barcelona. We've been to several hotels in this city and overall this was a pleasant hotel. Hotel is a few short blocks from the beach. Public Transport is also several blocks away but not too far. Hotel room was clean and roomy. One problem. Bathroom sink glass vanity which was attached to wall was falling off. Looks like they are not big on repairing. Noticed several things in room that needed touching up. This seems to be a recurring problem with these hotels. They put them up in lightening speed and tend to have contractors who cut corners or workmanship is not up to par. Regardless, hotel is recommended if you do not care about being in the center of the city, wish to spend less but not compromise on quality. By the way, I decided to book here based on the many reviews on here. They were pretty accurate. Thanks to them!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>patsyc216
<Content>A good hotel near the beach I base all my hotel choices on the reviews and ratings on tripadvisor and usually only book hotels that are ranked within the top 20. I don't know why I decided to go against this norm and booked the Icaria but I have no regrets whatsoever!Location: We took the train from the airport and changed to the L4 on the metro at Passeig de Gracia. You can use T10 tickets for the train as well as the metro. The walk from the metro station to the hotel is at least 10 minutes. But since one of us almost had his wallet pickpocketed, that was the last time we took the metro during this trip. Going back to the airport at the end of our trip we took a taxi and it only cost EUR23. The hotel is set in a quiet area with a bus stop right in front of it and the tourist bus is only around the corner. You can get to La Rambla on the 14 bus in about 10-15 minutes but a taxi ride will only cost EUR6 anyway. A 5 minutes walk will take you to the beach and a further 2 minutes you're at the marina. There's a good supermarket in the shopping center only 2 minutes away where there are also lots of restaurants. Hotel / reception: It has a nice lobby, well furnished with tropical fish tanks. As soon as you enter the hotel you can already see the terrace and the pool in the back. Apparently some non-guests also wander in to use the pool... People at reception are helpful. They sit quietly behind the desk but as soon as you walk up to them they will smile and do what they can for you. Check in was quick but one of our rooms wasn't ready until about 2 hours after we checked in.Room: Sufficient space, well furnished and clean. The bed was very comfortable. I've been having back pains for a few weeks before the trip and during the 3 nights there I always woke up the next morning pain free! (Once I got home to UK the pain returned... :P) The safe and fridge both came in very useful. We had a pool view room on the 4th floor and we could see the AGBAR tower clearly. No noise from the construction site next door while we were there. Maybe they have August off...Breakfast: A good selection of hot and cold items. Breakfast is served from 7 - 11 so it never got too crowded.Recommendation: There a seafood stall restaurant called La Paradeta near to the Zoo/Park on C/Commercial 7. You can get there on the 14 bus and it's also a stop on the tourist bus. You pick the seafood you want from the stall, get it weighed, tell them how you want it cooked and they cook it for you. Really fresh and tasty and very reasonably priced. For the amount we ate it would have cost us at least double back in UK. It is down an alley way next to the old market, so mainly locals eat here. They open at 8, we finished our meal at 10:30 and there was still a long queue at that time, so get there early! Best meal we had in Barcelona.We did all the sights and ate too much food so I don't think we'll be going back to Barcelona anytime soon. But when we do go back I would probably choose Icaria again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Driver5
<Content>Pre Cruise Stay Picked for location and swimming pool - close to beach and not far from transport into city.Good clean rooms - could take daughter's wheelchair in lift . We didn't have a fully accessible bathroom but she manged fine with the good shower.We had a very enjoyable walk from the hotel through the green lane to the city centre, park and zoo.Lots to do in the city that we didn't really bother with the beach - except to give the kids a McDonalds and a quick toe dip.Toursit Bus very accessible and accommodating stop not far from hotel. Have to confess that ended up enjoying the sandwiches washed down with Sangria in the courtyard. Go more towards Port Olympic or into the city for more exotic choices of which there are plenty.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Sharonspud
<Content>Icaria Hotel,Barcelona a great find. Having seen the reviews for this hotel on tripadvisor and the excellent location to the beach and the port, plus the great price we got for two twin rooms with breakfast, myself and three girl friends booked 2 nights here a Sat/Sun at the beginning of Aug.The hotel was very modern and clean with a pool and jacuzzi and a lovely outdoor seating area with big, comfy sofas, ideal for sitting with a drink and book to chill out and de-stress. OK, like other reviews there is building work taking place next door but being a weekend there wasn't any work going on so nice and quiet, i wouldn't let negative reviews put you off using this hotel as the good points far outway the bad.The rooms we had were large with a big modern bathroom and a hot powerful shower and hairdryer, comfy twin beds, air conditioning, fridge/mini bar, flat screen tv and free safe. There is also a free ice machine on every floor.The rate we had included breakfast which provided more than enough variety of food to start the day, cereal, fruit, cakes, even a full english which we all enjoyed and the great coffee, a perfect start to a days sightseeing in Barcelona.Location, great for the beach and the olympic port, five mins walk where there's a sandy beach, a great beach bar and a good selection of restaurants with excellent sea food which are more reasonibly priced than the main centre. The sightseeing bus is a good way to see Barcelona which you can board close to the hotel, a hop on hop off bus so you can see all the sights without having to walk between each one also taxis are easy to find so don't be afraid if the hotel seems to be out of the centre of Barcelona, as we found it was nice to get away from the crowds to our area of Barcelona which we found very safe even late at night.In the short time we had we found this hotel and location to be excellent and would definetly use it again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travelchatter
<Content>Great beach location, hotel lacking       Parc Guell Bench  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>theluds
<Content>A Barcelona beauty Just back from a 6 day family break at the Icaria and loved the hotel. We wanted a base in Barcelona that was outside the noise and bustle of the city centre and also offered easy access to the beach. The Icaria's location fitted the bill perfectly, being on the edge of town in the modern Port olmpic area just a few minutes walk from both the beach and marina. Most of the revews posted for the hotel were very positive and the pictures that were available showed good quality accommodation and facilities so we felt we were on to a winner. We weren't disappointed.I would offer the following comments for anyone thinking of going:-a). Location - we loved the fact that if offered the best of both worlds in our opinion, being close to the (great) beaches and also the town centre. There are metro and bus stops close by (bus stop just outside the hotel but metro a bit of a walk) but also numerous taxis passing the hotel. Taxis were good value with prices varying between 5 - 8 euros for the trip into town depending where you want to go. The neighbourhood also seemed very safe and clean and we had no problems walking back late at night from the metro station. Within a few minutes walk there is a small shopping centre and sundry other shops and restaurants. There are also numerous bars and restaurants down on thebeach and around the marina. We felt that the beach bars were fair value but were disappointed with the one meal we had in a restaurant down at the marina.b). Facilities and accommodation - we found all of the staff, but particularly the reception staff, to be very friendly and able to speak very good english. The bedrooms were great, spotlessly clean, a good size and with high quality fittings and fixtures. Must mention the lovely marble bathrooms! There are also free safes in each room which proved useful. TV wise there are nice flat screen tvs but limited english channels, but hey you're on holiday so you shouldn't be watching it anyway! Outside there is a relatively small pool and plenty of seating including comfortable soft seating areas. For those who want it there is also a small fitness suite. c). Food and drink - we thought the breakfast was great with a good choice to suit most peoples needs. Could get a bit busy at times but I suspect that we were generally in there at peak periods. There's a fair range of options for lunch, dinnner, snacks etc too and we felt the quality was very good. Prices seemed pretty fair, particularly when compared to the marina, but one thing I would say is that on both ocassions when we had dinner there we had starters and main courses coming out at different times for different people. This may be a Spanish thing as we also had this problem at restaurants in town, or maybe we're just unlucky! Another slight negative was the price of drinks. Personally we felt these were a bit high for beer and soft drinks. We were paying 4 euros for a glass that held about a third of a pint, which was much more than either the beach bars or other restaurants we went to in town. Yes I know it's a 4 star hotel, but....d). Other matters - you can't miss it, there are buildings going up around the pool area. We weren't disturbed by the noise particularly as we had rooms on the other side but you have to wonder what impact they will ultimately have on the pool area. Obviously not the hotels fault but let's hope they don't build them too high and cut off the sun. So, that's it. Yes there are a few down sides but overall we loved the hotel, it's location and the friendly staff. Bearing in mind the price we paid we feel it fully deserves 5/5.  A final quick word about Barcelona itself. It's brilliant. We hope to go back there and finish off the things we never managed to do this time. If we do we shall no doubt return to the Icaria.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>elestoban
<Content>Close to Port Olympic If you want to be close to Port Olympic,the beach  have a modern hotel with a swimming pool  nice marble bathrooms then this may well be the place for you.The hotel is only 4/500 yards from the beach  port olympic a further few hundred yards.Other than that the location is a bit of track for other districts.The rooms are modern,clean  spacious  the bathrooms excellent.Breakfast which is usually included in the rate is excellent although often a little chaotic.  Please wait to b seated  can mean please wait for us to cross your name of our list - then you are on your own !!Reception tended to be understaffed but friendly  efficient.IIf going to explore Barcelona rather than lie on a beach then I would suggest staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>BusyIreland
<Content>Avoid Avoid Avoid. Apauling service I stayed at the hotel Icaria with my two girlfriends. It was the occasion of one of our 30th Birthdays so we put good effort into researching the hotel in advance of booking sadly we were extremely disappointed. We had a booked and paid for a triple room. On arrival we were given the key to our room. We went to our room and were presented with one double bed. We informed reception and they said all their triple rooms were booked out and provided us with a camp bed (not quite the 4 star standard we expected). The same evening we ordered room service from the 24h menu. After one hour and no food we rang reception which rang out for over 45mins as there was no one working on reception. After a further 45 mins an attendant arrived on our door with one sandwich only. He informed us (despite being on the 24h menu) that they did not have 2 of the other items we had ordered. We received no phone call to ask if we wish to order any alternative items. This attendant informed us he was work on reception, in the kitchen, taking orders and serving food to the rooms. This is unacceptable for a four star hotel. On two different days we asked if a manager could contact us but no one ever did. Most definitely we will not be going back to Hotel Icaria.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Juppsteruk
<Content>Great apart from the Building Work We chose this hotel for a company conference in June 2007. The property was mystery shopped by my events team in March 2007 and we decided that this would be the venue for our 90 guests. I would add there was no building work when the booking was confirmed or any warning that this was going to start.Upon our arrival we were met with the sign of a very large crane and scaffoding directly in eye sight as you entered the swimming pool area. At 7.20am the next morning the building work started and the sound of a metal grinder made sleeping impossible.After very harsh words with the reception manager we were introduced to the hotel manager; an excellent man if ever there was one. He relocated all of our soon to be arrived guests at the front of the hotel, thus away from the noise. He visted the building site and warned the site officer that work wasn't able to start until 8am. He then made our stay as comfortable as he could with free cava in each of the 90 guests rooms, free breakfast the next day and a complementary stay for my events team to come back and sample the hotel, post building work.In summary, we experienced the Icaria probably at its worst. The building work is set to get less obvious and noisy. The conference was saved by the customer service of the manager and his team. When the building work is over (around October 2007 I believe) you will be hard pushed to find a nicer, friendlier hotel, nearer to the beach in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vershine
<Content>A Hidden Jewel Our family of 3 travels quite often and are members of several major hotel chains. However, there are no major ones other than Hilton near the waterfront in Barcelona. We opted to try this hotel, Icaria BCN...4 star, 2 blocks from the beach, away from tourists and a 16 multi-plex that plays films in the original language. It is in the Olympic Village area which is very residential but taking #14 bus goes to Port Vell, Las Ramblas and Plaza de Catalunya. and it is only 1.25 euros. The hotel is walking distance to Olympic port with numerous restaurants. If you like to walk, the promenade will all along the waterfront. Now the hotel...It is very modern and chic without feeling pretentious. The regular room was large for European standards, sound proof, comfortable bedding and bed and good quality amenities. The suite includes a computer, so no need to drag a laptop. There are 3 computers gratis for your use in the lobby also. The dining was good. Breakfast was a buffet and dinner had interesting choices that are prepared fresh, so be prepared to wait. But it is worth it. Pricing is very good. We had also ordered room service in which pricing is better than any hotel I have seen in the past. Some items are available 24 hours. The hotel has two outstanding members at the front desk. They are pleasant, knowledgeable and very efficient. I know it is a difficult task when dealing with the public but they do so with ease and a smile, which is important. They make an excellent impression. We decided that this hotel is outstanding in price, comfort and location. We will definitely stay there in the near future.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loves-a-quiet-time
<Content>Pros and cons Pros: Good sized rooms, Great location for Icaria beach and marina with it's numerous eating places but a littel away from the City centre, however tourist bus stop only 50 yards away and the metro 300 yards away, substantial breakfast from 7-11 am. Helpful staff. Swimming pool, Reasonable bar prices for a hotel.I paid 拢360 for two rooms for 3 nights, breakfast included for two adults.Cons: Building work next to hotel which is ongoing and will eventually cut out light and is a little of an eyesore at present. The new work is nothing to do with the hotel and not their fault. Originally given two rooms on separate floors for myself and my wife and my children. Private function on Saturday evening which substantially put pressure on barstaff. I heard one couple being told a barsnack would take 2 hours. The air conditioning didn't work well in one of the rooms.At checking in, my wife said for safety reasons we needed the rooms to be next to each other and to be fair to the staff this was sorted without any argument. In fact I foung the reception staff very helpful throughout. The building work will have an impact. Work stops at the weekend so I think this would be the best time to go. It is noisy early in the morning in rooms with the pool view. The road side rooms are very quiet but I think a little more expensive.To me the pros outweighed the cons, and I would go back to this hotel. My family had a great time in Barcelona. If I went back with my wife I would book a road-side room and and go at the weekend. I might skip breakfast. It costs 拢14 euro and there is too much. I am not a big breakfast person.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>membernewcastle
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed our stay We have just returned from a 3 night stay and unlike the previous reviewer we thoroughly enjoyed our stay, and hope to return to the hotel next year.There is no disputing that there is building work being carried on just next to the hotel but this did not really have much of an effect on us as we were up early and the workman had finished when we returned. I do agree however that sitting in the pool area will be much better when the work is completed. The hotel itself is very nice, the bedrooms are modern and have a mini fridge, safe and flat screen TV. There is also free Internet access in the room. There are only 2 English channels so your TV viewing is quite limited.We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis and there were a very good variety of foods available. My only slight complaint was that the bacon was just warm, but again this was only a slight niggle and didn't deter us from enjoying the actual breakfast.There is an ice machine on each floor, something we found very useful.The hotel is situated is a fantastic location close to the beach where bars and restaurants are situated.Getting to and from the airport was very easy, on arrival at Barcelona airport we took the airport shuttle bus at a cost of 3.90 Euros each to Placa Catalunya, this leaves right outside the terminal building and runs approx every 12 mins We then bought a T10 ticket at the entrance to the Metro Station, which gave us 5 journeys each, this cost us 7.90 Euros. The station was only 3 stops from the hotel. You could also use the No 41 bus also from Placa Catalunya. To get back to the airport we used the No 41 bus (which stops practically right outside the hotel) which took us to Placa Catalunya where we picked up the airport shuttle bus.During our visit we used the hop on hop off bus, this was 23 Euros for a 2 day ticket, again the bus stop was just around the corner from the hotel, the bus ran from approx 9am to 8pm and was a great means of seeing all the sights Barcelona had to offer. If you are a football fan the Barcelona Nou Camp is well worth a visit.Overall we had a great time in Barcelona and can really recommend this hotel, our main complaint was that we only stayed 3 nights, we could have stayed longer. We will certainly go back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>windy3
<Content>The hotel is slipping.......... Have just returned form a 3 night break at the Icaria and have to say that we were very disappointed.There were 8 people in our party and this was our second visit to the Icaria in as many years.We chose to go back to this hotel after having a great time last year, but things have changed.The hotel currently has a building site next door, which is obviously not the fault of the hotel, however if we had been informed of this we would have chosen to stay elsewhere. The builders started at 8am on weekdays and the noise was horrendous, especially around the pool area. Our room looked out over the building site too, which was not the nicest or quietest of views!!The service at the bar was our main issue. If there were more than 10 people drinking at any time, the bar could not cope. On the Saturday of our stay there was a wedding party, and there was one man behind the bar who was particularly stressed. There was no draught beer and no white wine !!There were also about 50 dirty glasses on the bar and when we asked for a bloody mary he said he could not do cocktails !!If that had been our only bad experience at the bar I could have accepted that, but there were numerous. One of our party also had a sewage problem in their room on Saturday and when she spoke to reception was told that there was no one to fix it. This had also leaked into the corridor outside and when you walked onto the first floor the smell was awful. She was told that her room could not be changed as the hotel was full and therefore had to put up with this until we left on Monday evening.Overall, we still like the location and style of the Icaria, but the service on this occassion has badly let them down. I would not reccomend this hotel at this time.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>BlueFranky
<Content>A good base for exploring Barca !! Just back from a 4 day stay in Hotel Icaria with my wife and 1 yr old daughter. Booked this hotel through researching online comments such as those on this page and I wasn't disappointed. First lets look at the bigger picture - Barcelona is a very big city which seems to be very geared towards tourism. The 'hub' of the city around the Ramblas is very busy (and much more expensive than elsewhere) and for anyone visiting they are going to explore the city using the tourist bus. Visitors want safe, clean and well located accommodation. Lets look at the positives:1. Icaria is on the edge of town, placed in the excellent (and seemimgly very safe) Port Olimpic area. Beautiful beaches and hundreds of bars and restaurants are a 5 minute walk from the hotel.2. There are 2 ATM's literally 200m down the street from the hotel.3. There is a small shopping mall opposite these machines.4. The tourist bus stops 200m down the other end of the street (10min ride from Las Ramblas). This means that travel to any tourist destination within the city basically leaves from your doorstep and drops you off there as well. Its away from the bedlam of the city centre yet within reach of it very easily.5. The hotel is clean, well maintained and staff dealt with any requests in a quick, professional manner.6. The restaurant food was very nice.7. Safe in room very secure and used friendly.Now for the negatives:1.The hotel seemed to have the feel of a 'business type' establishment, but there were other families staying there as well and we did not feel out of place. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and Icaria is as good as any. 2. The staff, while not overly friendly, are good at their job, which is the most important thing. 3. The pool seemed OK (it was too cold to use it) and the gym is basic (x2 treadmills, x2 cycles and a few free weights).4. The lighting system in the room is wacky - 9 bedside switches and each one does something different each time its pressed5. Mini-bar products massively overpriced (use the supermarket in shopping mall instead !!)6. Only x2 English speaking TV channels (CNN World and Nat. Goeg.)7. Shop around for best price - I rang the hotel directly twice - the first time they quoted me 200E per night then 1 hr later told me they had no availability. I then booked online and got a much better rate than this.So there you have it. In my opinion Icaria is as good an hotel as you will get in Barcelona for the above reasons. This being the first time we had taken our child abroad we were very happy with this Hotel and would recommend it to any friends or family planning a trip there.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Noe_erfaren_turist
<Content>Very so so, not worth the price The hotel was OK. Nice room, great bathroom (except the loose paneling in the roof, which made a terrible racket every time the door was opened.)The Good:The room, the bathroom, the breakfastThe not so good:Not very central, but buses stopped just outside the door, and taxis came zipping when you extended an arm. No metro, though, and only two bus lines, with approx 20-30 minutes to get to plaza catalunyaVery! expensive breakfast . Breakfast were included because of early booking but the breakfast-staff still tried to get us to sign off for it. When we asked why, they maintained it was not included. Sorted out quickly when we spoke to staff in the reception, but still a bit of an annoyance. The sorting out were probably helped by the fact that we had very good documentation that it were to be included..Staff attitude and response to legitimate complaints.The bad: Broken A/C (set in winter position apparently), which were not fixed the whole stay (5 nights). Instead, it was set on approx 28 degrees, making the room hot!. With no A/C, the window had to be open, and the traffic noise then became an issue.Safe locked when we arrived, and it took way longer to get someone to unlock it than it should have (2 hours and three reminders and finally going down to the reception to get the staff myself)Swimming pool placed so you had to pass through the lobby to and from, no privacy to speak of, and a laughably equipped gym. I never used it even though I would have with a bit more privacy. Never saw anyone else use it either.The ugly: No apologies from the staff for the A/C, no effort to fix it. All in all: Not worth the (quite high) price.For peace and quiet you are better off getting a place in the Rambla, this would also be vastly more central.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	4	3	2	4	

<Author>Bee40
<Content>Modern and spotlessly clean       Sights  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Klo2
<Content>Highly recommended       Hotel night  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Mrconcerned
<Content>Building Work and Poor Staff Potentially Very nice hotel but: We experienced problems here during October 2006. I will keep my comments purely factual and let readers make up their own minds.They are currently building next to the hotel 鈥?they start on weekdays at 7am the noise is very apparent especially whilst at the poolside. I anticipate that the building will take 2 years to complete.On the Saturday we returned after sightseeing to sit by the pool only to discover that the hotel had rented it out for a wedding party. We complained and were advised to use the beach. The Deputy Manager then agreed to send a bottle of champagne to our room as compensation which we accepted 鈥搘e later discovered that they had left us a 2 Euro bottle of Brut.Having been told that we could access the pool at any time after 4pm (after the wedding party ) we arrived back at the hotel and changed only to be told to leave the pool and outside area as this was still required for the wedding party. We tried to talk to the Manager but only the deputy manager was ever available.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	5	2	1	2	

<Author>red kop
<Content>one of the very best!!! Have just returned from barcelona,and after reading most of the reviews on tripadvisor i knew i was booking in to a great hotel!!!well people you were not wrong,from the moment we arrived nothing was too much trouble to the staff on reception,bedroom with plasma screen + marbled bathroom fantastic,outside by the pool + jacuzzi,a class area to chill,check it out!!the hotel is only 5 mins walk from the olympic marina,but did'nt hear a thing at nite!!!plenty of bars + restaurants in the marina area,would reccomend one called the barnabier,great food + drink...Also walked along the promenade to the chair lift which gives you great views over the city..be very careful when you visit the ramblas area,as pickpocketing is a very real problem!!!enjoy Barca + the Icaria you won't be dissapointed!!!Oh and by the way i was there to watch my team Liverpool f.c. win in the nou camp once again!!!!priceless!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lenny1976
<Content>Nice,Clean and modern hotel Took a chance on this hotel based on previous reviews and i wasn't dissappointed. Its a nice, modern hotel that is super clean and with rooms that are quite comfortable and modern. The location is spot on with the Beach and the port olympic marina just a 2-3 minute walk from the hotel. The nearest metro stop is 5-10 mins away which is great for heading into the more vibrant Ramblas area. The olympic area is ideal for dining as there are numerous Restuarants there as well as many bars for the after dinner drink!!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Weekend
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed for 3 nights with 4 teenagers. Chose it as it had pool, gym and internet, all of which kept them happy when we had half an hour to spare! Most of the time however, was spent sightseeing and although the hotel was slightly out of the centre, it was only a ten minute busride away and not too long a walk - with the weather at 23 degrees most days, that was fine. The tour bus stopped close to the hotel too. It was walking distance to the restaurants and nightlife at the port which made a great night out . We found the hotel relaxing, and while the staff kept a low profile, they were there when you needed them. The full breakfast was excellent, high quality and with lots of choice, superb for ever hungry male teenagers. Overall, very good value and highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>kaybxl
<Content>A treat for the eye I simply loved my stay at Icaria. The hotel is situated near the beach, but it didn't bother me having to take the underground/bus to get to the vibrant city centre. I like my hotels peaceful and quiet. The hotel also has a swimming pool. Excellent way to spend your little siesta. The rooms are very clean. Wooden floors, modern design, beautiful bathroom... On the downside: the airco in our room had its quirks and the bed was way to hard...  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>maggs01
<Content>Nice Hotel in good location 6 ladies on girls weekend in September. Hotel Icaria turned out to be better than expected - spotless rooms, good pool area and gym. Really nice terrace area with comfy sofas where we would meet and have drinks before we headed to the Olympic port area which was maybe a 5-10 min leisurely walk. Location is spot on.. close eneough to city ( las ramblas, maremagnum etc, 5 min taxi) but in quite location away from all the bars and restuarants. Only negative ... expensive and poor menu at hotel restuarant .. but with port area on your door step you really do not need it.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>irelandtraveller26
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed in the Icaria Hotel, Barcelona in September 2006. I was a bit apprehensive going, after reading a few bad reviews on Tripadvisor website but I can safely say I found the hotel to be very clean and staff on reception were very helpful and friendly. Rooms are very modern, with plasma and mini fridge in our room, and the pool area is nice. Nice gym too. Hotel is only apx 20 min drive (鈧?0 in a taxi) from Barcelona airport and it's only a two minute walk to the beach and Port Olympic. Taxi to the city centre only costs between 鈧? and 鈧? and taxi to the Nou Camp is around 鈧?0. I was glad I didn't stay in the main La Ramblas area as Port Olympic is much nicer. Plenty of Irish Bar's around La Ramblas area and there's also one in the Port Olympic. Plenty of nice restaurants there too.I would defintely stay in the Icaria Hotel again and would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Annora
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, shame about the breakfast service..       the view as you walk into the suite  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	2	5	

<Author>loves_traveling15
<Content>Good Hotel, Wonderful City, Fabulous Holiday! Upon arrival of the hotel it looked fabulous, very clean and well looked after despite the scruffy surroundings outside.Our rooms were spotless and ready on time when we arrived there at 2:30 pm! However the rooms could of been a little bigger but the bathroom made up for it.The restaurant and bar were lovely however the menu wasnt the most exciting and didnt have alot of choice and also did not have a childrens menu or food suitable for small children, luckily the breakfast buffet did, you could eat as much as you want but food did run out fast!The pool complex is very small! This was a let down as it appeared a decent size in the pictures, the gym is good quality but again very small. I did enjoy the sauna and steama room but they did not work for 2 days during our stay.The location of the hotel is perfect!!! just 5 minutes walk from the gorgeous beach and, thanks to the bus stop just around the corner, just 5 minutes drive from the city centre where there is lots to do and see. There is also a mini-mall just down the road where you will find a large choice of restaurants, clothes shops and a large supermarket.Overall, I had a very enjoyable holiday and would highly recommend this hotel to couples and families with teenagers.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Missing_barca
<Content>Barcelona is the best city It was my first trip to barcelona. Nice, busy city. The hotel is located very well because it's quiet at night. Not to far from the metro and a bus stop just before the hotel, close to the beach. For the hotel : very good airconditioning, nice pool and comfy seats outside, modern rooms, clean bathrooms. The breakfast was good, a lot to choose from, only there wasn't enough staff. You've to waited a long time till you got what you ordered.I was there from 7 august and I enjoyed my stay.Anyone who was there also during this time, feel free to contact me at guccilise@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>dawntreader57
<Content>Nice new building - deserves better management! Hotel Icaria is a wonderful building, very clean and new, but for us, it was sadly let down by the offhand manner in which we were treated. We would certainly remove a few stars from this hotel.We booked one twin room and one single for our party of three 2 months before travelling. On arrival we were told they could only offer us two double rooms, and that they were on different floors. We were then further informed that one room was not yet ready to move into. (This was 5pm in the afternoon). We had to dump all our cases in the first room until the other was cleaned and ready, about 2 hours later. On the second day, my son's own towel (i.e., not one of the hotel's) went missing from his room. It turned out it was taken to be laundered, but we had not asked for this to be done. It was returned a few hours later wetter than when it was taken.On the third evening the power in my son's room failed, along with a block of about 5 other rooms. It was finally fixed in the early hours and my son as woken by a staff member who entered his room uninvited using a master key card to check that the power was back on!We found the staff at reception relatively efficient but also cool and detached. The Bar and dining room staff were rather friendlier. Breakfast was OK, but the coffee machines kept running out.Don't be deceived by the official photos of the pool - its quite small.We might go back to Barcelona, but not to the Icaria Hotel. We would settle for a less-plush hotel and friendler staff any time!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>san_aira
<Content>Nice hotel, great location, poor service       The bathroom  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	1	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Icaria Hotel... My husband and I stayed at Icaria Hotel for 4 nights during our two week honeymoon in August 2005. We had traveled to Paris and then we were going on a cruise, which left from Barcelona. Our travel agent recommended this hotel to us and we loved it! We liked this hotel because it felt a little like home (USA) yet with a European style. Out of all the hotels we stayed in when we were in Europe, this was by far my favorite!! The sandy beach is just a two minute walk across the street and we had some of the best seafood at the restaurants on the beach! It can be a little pricey (depending on what you order) but its well worth it!! And if your not from Europe - dont be offended if the waiters take a while to bring you your coffee, food or bill - its just how they operate there. The Europeans are very relaxed and take their time when they go out to restaurants/cafes. As far as the beach - it was crowded, but probably because it was the weekend and most Europeans are vacationing during the first two weeks in Aug. The water was a pretty blue and warm - perfect weather while we were there! There is also a nice pool at the hotel; however we preferred the beach. As far as the rooms, they were great! We were very excited about the hotel becuase it was reasonably priced (we booked online). Additionally, we were upgraded to a suite - which was like a small (studio size) apartment. The room was equipped with air-condition, a flat screen tv, a personal computer (with free internet access), a nice big (and comfy) bed, small kitchen sink and refigerator, and a spacious bathroom with a standup shower and multiple showerheads. As far as the food, we ate breakfast at the hotel every morning. I cant remember for sure, but I think it was included with the room. Anyways, the food was good - they had a good variety to please everyone. The downside is that this hotel is not in the heart of the city. However, a cab is pretty cheap and we even walked a few times - the weather was great so we didnt mind. It's seriously maybe a 15-20 min. walk to all the shops/bars/cafes. We were actually exhausted from the sun all day, that we didnt go out and enjoy the nightlife. That's probably the only regret we had about our time in Barcelona. Also, I have to say that the staff was ok; however, they will not go above and beyond to meet your needs - unless you specifically request something. I do remember asking the front desk staff for restaurant recommendations and that was very helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel! It was very close to the beach, had clean and comfortable rooms, and reasonably priced! I would definetely stay here again!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, OK Staff We stayed there for 7 nights. The hotel itself was lovely, good sized rooms and bathrooms with great decor, the airconditioning DID work for us, rooms cleaned daily and the pool was fab. Didn't eat at the hotel at all so couldn't comment on the food although need to say the room service menu didn't look very expensive. The location of the hotel is excellent, 2 minutes from Boegetal beach and about 30 minute walk to la rambla. There is also the number 41 bus right outside the hotel which takes you to placa de catalonyia. The staff were ok, quick check-in but not exactly the most approachable bunch but at the same time did nothing really to offend. Like others said, there is a bakers just around the corner and the other way a large shopping centre which has various restaurants and a big supermarket on the basement floor. There are also plenty of banks close by and taxis frequently pass so there is no trouble in flagging one down.Overall I would definitely recommend this place, its near enough to the centre of town for easy access but also far enough out that you can appreciate the beauty of the fantastic beaches.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ginosesto
<Content>SNOOTY SNOOTY SNOOTY We had an amazing rate that the hotel nearly refused to honor. It was a Friday night and they did not like that I was paying so cheap. Staff was incredibly snooty and rude. Room was GREAT. Internet access is free with a 10 dollar deposit for the cable. Breakfast was okay, nothing to write home about. Staff all over had an attitude. Felt completely unwelcomed from check-in to check-out.Overall it's okay if you don't mind rude people.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmoDublin
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Icaria Hotel for 5 nights (16th-21st of April). I thought it was a great little hotel. Its very clean and modern and the staff were friendly and helpful. Its got a lovely outdoor pool and deck area where they serve food and drink. The only drawback is that its a 30 min walk to the main Las Ramblas area, however we enjoy walking and it is a lovely walk by the beach, so it didn't bother us. A taxi home at night from las ramblas only costs approx 鈧?. Also the no 41 bus runs every 5 mins from right outside the door of the hotel and brings you to Placa de Catalyunain approx 5 mins, also the metro is only a 5 min walk away. On the upside the location is great as it is 5 min walk to the beach and to the Olympic Port where there are lots of great restaurants and 10min walk to the Barcelonetta beaches. Overall I really enjoyed my stay at the Icaria Hotel and will definitely stay there again when I return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chaywest
<Content>Not bad We arrived late evening and our allocated room had a ginormous cockroach scuttling around we had to wait while someone came up to investigate, we were immediatley given a suite which was very well appointed and the bathroom was great, the shower could have washed you down the plug hole... The room was very cold the air con seemed not to want to be adjusted, however by this time it is 10.15pm we are tired and hungry so we went into the hotel restaurant the waiter told us that most things on the menu were finished so we ordered what we could. He went off into the kitchen and lots of screaming and shouting was going on, hmm we thought... we knew it was about our order 5 minutes later the waiter came back and told us that we couldn't have what we ordered but he will personally russle something up for us for free and we can also have the wine for free (it was a cold plate of salad and cheese with bread). The hotel is in a good location the rooms are quiet and the pool area is very nice all in all it isnt that bad although the staff need a little training in hospitality and for the price you pay i think it is very good value.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Vicky_H66
<Content>Fantastic! Three of us stayed for a week at the Hotel Icaria in July 2005.We got cheap Jet 2 flights from Leeds/Bradford Airport....no transfer required as the taxi only cost about 30euros (between 3 of us) so it was good value.It was great. I found the hotel on the internet for very good value for 3 of us sharing the room. It was great value. After searching for some time, there are very few, reasonably priced hotels, with a pool in Barcelona centre.The hotel is in a quiet area (i looks like a business area) with a little shopping centre and supermarket nearby and a couple of restaurants. I liked the location as its only a short walk from the beach, and about a mile or two walk from the centre of town and other sites to see. It is also a short walk from the popular night spot, The Olympic Port (good but expensive). I do not however recommend risking walking home after a night out, as we got mugged....our own silly fault really.The hotel staff were very polite and the rooms were lovely and cleaned every day. Not a very nice view from our room, but to be fare, who sits in their hotel room in barcelona and looks out of the window! Overall, a brilliant holiday, and cant wait to go back  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but poor service My wife and I decided to stay in this 4* hotel over Christmas, from Dec 22 - 27th.Upon arrival the hotel seemed to be fantastic, however the staff on the reception desk were not the most helpful.The main thing that spoiled our time in the Hotel Icaria was the resturant. Upong booking the room, I had left a question in the comments form asking to be informed of any special arrangements needed for a Christmas day meal, I was aware alot of place might be busy or closed.A month later we had not heard anything back, so to be safe, I rang the hotel from England, I was told that it would not be a problem and that we could sort the meal out upon arrival.On Christmas eve, after asking what time the meal would be the following day, I was told that the resturant was not open tomorrow.This was the evening before Christmas day and we had just found out the resturant would be closed, Luckily there were other hotel guests in the same position as us, so between us we managed to find somewhere to eat on Christmas day, No thanks to the hotel staff.On Boxing day, having had a tiring two previous days, we decided to eat in the resturant, when we went down to eat, we were told that 90% of the menu was not available, only a sandwich or burger!Our room was very nice, if a little cold, however this seems to be a common complaint about the Hotel Icaria.Like a previous reviewer of the hotel, our dvd player was also missing the DVD drive.We won't be staying in the Hotel Icaria again, and that is a shame because apart from the resturant it really was quite nice, and the staff aren't really that bad.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>scruffty
<Content>Disappointed! I had high expectations for this hotel as it is 4*, has flat screen TV's, free internet, green marble bathrooms etc. However, unfortunately it wasn't the case. First impressions are good, its all relatively new, clean etc. The first thing I noticed was that my bathroom door wouldn't close because water had obviously been on the floor in the bathroom and made the skirting swell. Secondly, my sink blocked and they could not fix it for about 14 hours, which was unacceptable. I had to clean my teeth over the bath! So much for having a DVD player. Mine was missing the volume knob and even the DVD drive! I therefore couldn't pipe music into the bathroom, which I thought would have been cool :-) The room did get a bit cold, and the climate control system was temperamental and tricky, I struggled with it, and I am a techie! The room was cleaned daily, and the towels were nice and fresh. The TV system only had one English channel, which was the National Geographic channel. The wireless internet didn't stretch up to the rooms, so I had to use the wired service. Take your own CAT5 UTP Network Cable if you intend to use it - I had to pay a 10 Euro deposit to borrow one for the week. The meals were pretty shabby and I wouldn't recommend eating at the restaurant. The breakfast was pretty good, with lots of choice, but it did run out quickly. The bar staff were very friendly to me (a lone traveler) but didn't have much time for the Americans on hotel tours.The best bit was the fish tanks in the bar! The pool is outside, so I didn't get a chance to use it as it was too cold! I found a few bars around the corner, but just jump on the bus and head into town. Taxi's are so cheap that they are worth using to get out and about. It was a 25 minute walk to the Congress Center and about a 15 minute walk to the Casino, which was a bit scary walking to at night. I'm afraid I wouldn't stay here again, the reception staff were not welcoming and I'd prefer to stay somewhere a bit more central.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Hotel, Average Experience My family and I spent 4 days in Barcelona. The hotel is located near the port and the beach. We walked home from the beach one day but would not have done so at night. A block north of the hotel is a prison. The hotel was clean and new. We asked for 2 rooms and were given a suite with an adjoining hall. It was perfect. One of the rooms had a faulty a/c and we requested assisstance twice and no one came to even look at it. Fortunately, the evenings were cool enough to keep the window open, so long as the traffic outside wasn't too loud. The staff was just adequate. They never offered to help with luggage, information or taxis. They worked from behind the desk and stayed there. The bar/lounge was alright. The breakfast was average. The best thing about the hotel was the cleanliness. I wouldn't stay here again because it was too much to pay for an average place.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>WelshLady60
<Content>Really worth the visit We stayed at the Icaria for three nights for a short break, this is one of the best hotels we have stayed in, very modern, kept to a high standard. The staff were very helpful and friendly, the breakfasts accomodated every taste. This hotel is very close to the harbour, worth a walk around the all the restaurants - very friendly. A short walk to the metro, or bus stops. The transport system is excellent. Would recommend this hotel and would definately visit again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool place to stay The Hotel Icaria is located in a residential part of Barcelona beside Villa Olympica which, is about 5 minutes by taxi from the center of Barcelona. The Icaria is a business hotel catering to the local market  there is really nothing around the hotel in terms of restaurants or nightlife but. having said that, our room was excellent - clean, quite, luxurious, well air conditioned, computer provided with broadband access, CD player, flat screen TV, a free his n' hers wash kit and and speakers in the bathroom with volume control etc. We booked a junior suite which was very reasonably priced and we would stay the again - all together a very cool place to stay. The only complaint was the overpriced breakfast which cost us 鈧?0.00 per person (after tax) - give it a miss and find a coffee shop in the centre.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MistyLaw
<Content>Can't fault the Icaria Overall we loved the Icaria from its ultra-modern rooms to its location and the price for a double room. Although it's advertised at around 120 British pounds for a room we got a deal through a popular website for 67 British pounds per room. While we really didn't have too much contact with the staff we found them to be helpful and polite.The non smoking floors are four and five and command decent views of the city and pool from the back of the hotel. Also, rooms at the back are a little quieter as they are away from the main road.Our rooms were spotlessly clean, had a modern theme with brown walls, floor to ceiling mirrors, unusual art work, a glass desk and falt-screen TVs as well as computer access and a DVD player. The bed was comfy with an abundance of pillows and the bathroom was finished with dark-green marble and a glass-bowl sink. Free internet access in the lobby was a bonus.The hotel itself is not directly in the city centre, it is in the Olympic Village and is quite a walk away - about 30 minutes - from Las Ramblas. However, we found it ideal as it was only a short metro hop away from all the main sites. Also, the Olympic port area has an abundance of great cafes and eating places, a superb beach and a lovely promenade which overlooks the marina. It was a nice area, across from a shopping arcade and cinema and one block from the beach.On the down side, and these are just a few little niggles, breakfast at 14 Euros was expensive and the minibar was outrageouse at 4 Euros for a small Coke. However, there is a little bakery just round the corner where you can pick up a croissant for breakfast and soft drinks for a fraction of the price. Overall we were delighted with the hotel, our rooms, the service and the area. The hotel is only a stones throw from the renowned Hotel Arts where a room will set you back four or five times as much as the Icaria.We would definitely stay at the Icaria again and feel it is well worthy of four stars if not five.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shame about the staff! I stayed at the Icaria with my friends from 9-12 September. The rooms were fantastic, beds really comfy and the bathrooms were immaculate with lovely fluffy towels.The hotel is a really high standard and the food at breakfast excellent.Why I ask are the staff so MISERABLE?? The service is slow and they seem like they just don't want to be there! This hotel could get a top 5* rating as the location is excellent but they just need to bring in new staff. For this reason I probably wouldnt stay at the Icaria again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Me and my husband stayed at the Icaria for 3 nights for our Honeymoon and it was brilliant. It was clean the staff were nice and the room was fantastic. I give 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>The_Dream_Team
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Icaria We spent 8 nights in the Icaria. It is well located in a quiet area close to the beaches and restaurants along the sea front. The centre of Barcelona was a quick ride away on the bus or Metro. Alternatively you could take a longish, but very pleasant, walk along the sea front or saunter through the park and narrow streets of the old town.The hotel is modern and well resourced for both business and leisure travellers. There is a pool and there are also good fitness facilities. In the lobby three computers provide free internet access. A shady patio area provides a relaxing place to sit during the day.All the rooms are well equipped, with good showers and efficient air conditioning. Rooms at the back have excellent views of Barcelona city and are shady for much of the day. Some of the rooms at the front are larger with separate showers or kitchen units. You may have to pay more for these rooms. However, they face the sun so can get hotter and also can suffer a little from traffic noise. There are non-smoking rooms available on the 4th and 5th floor.Kettles are not available in all rooms but staff were willing to provide them when asked. Don't assume that cups, milk, tea and coffee automatically come with the kettle. However, staff seem happy to provide them once they were requested.Staff were very helpful and friendly. They all spoke good English and responded well to our efforts to speak a few words in Catalan. The reception staff will happily book restaurants, provide travel advice and help in whatever way they can. Response to requests can be a little slow at times but whatever it is you want does arrive eventually!Breakfast was excellent with a good choice of fruit, fruit drinks, yoghurt, pastries, cheese, meat and a full range of cooked dishes. Snacks and evening meals were the weakest point of the hotel. They are a little pricey and did not provide the range of food available in local restaurants and tapas bars. The piano music in the evening did add a pleasant atmosphere to the restaurant and bar area.There are plenty of eating places a short walk away near the sea. We would recommend Agua in particular (close to the big metal fish). A little further away we found Set Portes (Barcaloneta) and Senyor Parellada (Carrer de Argentaria) to be particularly good.We will return to Barcelona and would be very happy to stay at the Icaria again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!! had a great stay!! first night there were some water problems and we were transformed to another 4*hotel (they called and payed the taxi), which was not bad,but it didn't even come close to hotel icaria!It's a great neighbourhood, loved the swimmingpool and the beach, and a busstop right outside which brings you to placa catalunya in 20 minutes. Breakfast was superb. Very friendly staff. Loved it!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally amazed I am 25 and from Canada visiting Spain for pleasure and I found this hotel based on the reviews from this site and I couldn't have been happier.The price was so cheap 64 Euro a night and I was there from June 24 - 26 2005. The hotel though was not cheap at all. It has a fairly decent size pool. Decent sized workout facility. The rooms were elegantly styled, large television with media capabilities (hook up your camera or video camera) free internet in the main lobby and free internet in your room (with your own PC). Very clean and pretty friendly cleaning staff (very to little to no English though)The hotel staff was very friendly. The prices at the restaurant were a little expensive (10 Euro for a Burger).The location couldn't be better. Right near the beach (two blocks away) and right near the bar strip. Almost everything was walkable within 10-15 mins.When I go back I will certainly go there again. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(3512758, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for the price!   showReview(3475068, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>robracing
<Content>Classy, modern Hotel   showReview(3438604, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Michael at Bragbury End.
<Content>Good hotel an staff.       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Base to explore Barcelona   showReview(3311581, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KKAustin
<Content>Nice Modern Hotel, just needs to work the kinks out.   showReview(3273977, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Icaria Hotel   showReview(3271579, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Diane05
<Content>Not bad, but could do better!   showReview(3232939, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>charno56
<Content>A great new hotel   showReview(3026050, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maya341
<Content>Bonne adresse 脿 Barcelone   showReview(21786708, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>adelante76
<Content>conveniente e ben servito dai mezzi   showReview(18331477, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien!   showReview(17434775, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JPX
<Content>Tr猫s bonne situation   showReview(15744918, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes Hotel im ehemaligen...   showReview(13695447, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Strandnah gelegen   showReview(13201205, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carolyn1983
<Content>Me encanto el hotel   showReview(11514799, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>R.A.S car hotel tr猫s sympa et...   showReview(11397376, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11310097, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Peu mieux faire   showReview(11664289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SS67
<Content>Buona base di partenza   showReview(10085822, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	2	-1	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas vraiment un 4 etoiles   showReview(11310098, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buono ma...   showReview(11664288, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mimi221
<Content>hotel design   showReview(8660815, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cojuna
<Content>Agr茅able s茅jour       chambre  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>empfehlenswert   showReview(11493872, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lt. Fr眉hzeitiger...   showReview(11397377, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je n'irais jamais ailleurs   showReview(11398008, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel veramente pulito,comodo...   showReview(11397375, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Reichhaltiges Fr眉hst眉cksbuffet...   showReview(11397378, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sesqu
<Content>Bien mais...   showReview(5699159, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel business   showReview(11330610, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se nel prezzo era presente la...   showReview(11397379, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dormire con la finestra...   showReview(11397380, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BELLISSIMO ALBERGO DA...   showReview(11397381, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅-prix...   showReview(11397382, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trovo in un...   showReview(11397383, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

