<Author>tigertravel2008
<Content>Fantastic stay Having previously stayed in a more central hotel in amsterdam, we seeked something similar. however hotels were booked and we had to settle for the mercure amstel. It is was more than 1km to the centre, it is 1km from the centre of Amstel. However as a party of 8, we flagged down 2 taxis and the price was 20euros. this meant 5euros each per trip - the cost of a beer in amsterdam. which didn't matter to us. We checked in efficiently and the staff were helpful and able to answer all of my questions. The rooms were clean, and spacious with views over the amstel river and amsterdam arena in the distance. After a night in the town, we arrived back at 12.45 am, and the bar was still open. we had a drink and a friendly chat with the barman. I retreated to my room, and had a fantastic nights sleep. the pillow was perfect and i was not disturbed at all. It was fantastic to know that check out was 12.30 latest and breakfast was served until 11. The breakfast was superb and was included in the price i got from superbreak. a pure bargain.i would deffinatly reccomend the mercure amstel, as long as your happy to take a tram or pay for a taxi.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Luciana_Barbosa
<Content>Excellent hotel for the price This is a great hotel. Me and my boyfriend went to a backpack trip through Europe and being at a four stars hotel was very fine. The location is not really a problem...the metro station is only 10-minute walking far. I bet we could never find such a good hotel for the same prices in downtown. The staff is very friendly, the breakfast is good, as much as the room service. The restaurant is a little bit expensive, but offers quality food and drink.The room is totaly comfortable and clean, the shower and bathtub are superb. Don麓t let go for reviews which undeserve this hotel, because the metro service in Amsterdam is completely precise and nobody should die due to a 10-minute walking to the station. And when we were there, it was 3潞C!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>GB73
<Content>Good Hotel Pro: The hotel is nice and clean. The staff was helpful. The breakfast was good, being an American I like a hot breakfast. The breakfast buffet had scrambled eggs, bacon, wonderful croissants, fresh squeezed orange juice, fresh fruit, and few other items. The breakfast buffet also had the typically European breakfast, cold meats and cheese, fish, bread, tea, coffee, and what you expect from an European breakfast. The metro stop about 10 min walk from the hotel(with a stroller). Go out the front door turn left. You can buy the tickets at the front desk.Con: No where to eat around the hotel. It is located in an industrial area. Have breakfast at the hotel, but make sure you eat before returning to the hotel. The hotel restaurant is expense. I did find a small snack cafe across the bridge(turn right outside of the hotel and over the bridge) that was good, but other than that the only restaurant(which was recommended by the hotel staff) required reservations.Overall: Good value, we got a special weekend rate that included the breakfast. It is on the outskirts of Amsterdam, but a short metro ride into the city. I would recommend doing a hop on and hop off canal bus in Amsterdam. Pick up Rick Steves travel guide for Amsterdam, it was very helpful. If you plan on seeing the Anne Frank house, do it an hour or 2 before it closes. The line during the day is really long, but we went about 90 minutes before it closed very few poeple in line, less than a 10 min wait.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	2	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NatalieGreece
<Content>Far from city center We stayed at the hotel for 4 days. The room was very good and clean and the staff very friendly and helpful in every way, the breakfast boufet was not very big but it was clean and tasty. The only problem with this hotel is that its far from city center. The nearest station is walking 15 minutes and tacking the tram for 20 minutes to get to the city center (Dam square or Central Station). Otherwise everything was great from  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lithlith
<Content>Mercure Hotel Amsterdam Aan de Amstel This was our first hotel on the Globus Tour (Scenic Delights). We arrived early in the morning and our room was not ready, but the hotel stored our luggage in a locked room behind the desk. The hotel is quite a distance outside of the city. There is a tram that you can take into the city that has a stop about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. (You can buy tram tickets at the hotel desk or on the tram.) It is about a 10-15 minute ride on the tram to the main square in Amsterdam.Coming from the USA, the size of the room was a shocker. It was about half the size of an average hotel room in the USA. We had a buffet dinner at the hotel, compliments of our tour. It was ok. We were expecting something more Dutch or local. The food was very generic, you could have eaten it in any country.We also had the breakfast buffet, compliments of our tour. It was a good variety.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LucyCarvalho
<Content>Good room  My boyfriend  I stayed at this hotel over the bank holiday weekend following the great reviews this property has received. We live in London and love walking so therefore did not think its location away from the centre to be of concern. The room was quiet, clean with good quality toilettries, the breakfast was very good (a lot to choose from). However t the hotel staff, both at breakfast room and reception were almost indiferent to their guests and were not able to cope with basic demands such as the provision of hot water for making tea. Another disappointment was the Fitness Centre - a small room with 3 fitness machines badly serviced and a broken table football. Next time we will stay somewhere else,  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>ADL
<Content>Corporate, expensive but friendly I stayed on the 11th floor - the air conditioning worked but did not cool down the room enough so was a bit dissapointed. This is a good business hotel - restaurant and bar are expensive. Hotel is a way from town so a taxi costs 12 to 15 Euros into town. Staff were friendly though and there were no problems or suprises.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	3	

<Author>JoWilson
<Content>Tulip in Amsterdam I stayed in this hotel with 12 university students. We were put on a floor on our own (which meant that they couldn't disturb anyone!) The accommodation was very good and beat the usual backpacking accommodation I have used before in Amsterdam.Breakfast was fine and fresh.The drinks were expensive but the food was good quality.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>Not a destination hotel, but convenient for business purposes Had a standard room, a nice view of the Amstel and the Amsterdam ArenA. It's a brief walk to the tram line, about a 15-20 minute walk to the RAI. Room was nothing special. I was hoping for a large bed, but just two twin-size beds shoved together. Shower was good, very strong water pressure, although I did overhear some people complaining that their rooms had no water pressure.Breakfast was lacking, just scrambled eggs and breads basically - not much variety.Staff was all very friendly.Can be difficult to get a taxi here.Overall, I would stay here again if I needed to but certainly wouldn't go out of my way for it. It is nothing special. Definitely not a tourist hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Cosmopolite
<Content>A mixed experience, but ok The Mercure Aan de Amstel is - as the name suggests - located on the banks of the Amstel river, in the business district of Overamstel. You can get there from the A10 highway (Ring Amsterdam) without problems, follow the signs marked S110. Once there it is better to leave your car at the hotel, since driving in Amsterdam is a baffling ordeal, what with all the bicycles, tourists, and little canals.To get into town either choose Tram 25 (stop: Pres. Kennedylaan; direction: PTA) or Metro 51 (stop: Overamstel; direction: Centraal Station). The Metro is faster but departures are less frequent. Both stations can be reached on foot easily (5 mins. for Central European walkers). For the metro turn left when leaving the hotel, for the tram turn right and cross the bridge over the Amstel. Both services do not run late at night (i.e. after midnight) but you can take the night bus 355 to get back late (get off at Victorieplein and walk south for about 1.5 km). Another option would be the 356, which stops at Amstelstation (also about 2.0 km from the hotel). The reception is staffed during the late hours but you will have to ring the night bell and give your room number and name to get in.The area is safe to walk through at night but some cars have been forced open near the hotel. So if you have a valuable car or one that looks as if there might be valuables stashed away inside I suppose you'll be happier parking in the Mercure's parking lot (see below).What I liked about the hotel:- rooms were clean (not spotlessly, but still)- the air conditioning worked fine- staff was helpful- although the hotel is not in the city center, it was no problem getting there and back again (see above)- for safety reasons, you can only operate the lifts with your room keycard (although the correct procedure for getting the lift to work needs about two minutes to figure out)- hotel is not a party location so you will definitely be able to sleep well after YOU return from the party you visitedWhat I didn't like about the hotel:- parking is NOT free. A sad tendency among European hotels, even the major ones (such as Mercure). Nobody has ever been able to explain to me when and why the idea of free parking space for guests went up for grabs. And frankly I don't see a real justification for this, except for the fast bucks the hotels are able to make. Anyway, the Mercure will charge you EUR 13,- (thirteen!) per day if you park your car in their parking lot. There are some public parking opportunities that are free but make sure that you park your car where it's really allowed (on red brick it's usually ok, on asphalt it usually isn't) or you may be towed. For safety reasons (see above), those who own a rather expensive and/or new car may choose to bite the bullet and pay those EUR 13 per day.- Although we did NOT choose the breakfast option (EUR 18.50 is a bit steep to my mind), two breakfasts were added to my bill automatically each day (you can check your current balance on the tv set in your room). Apparently this is done because some guests forget to give their correct room no. when having breakfast. At checkout you will be asked whether or not you actually had the meals and if you answer no, they will be deducted from the bill. Still, I do not like this practice as it makes me feel like a potentially fraudulent patron. And suppose the staff were to forget to ask the unwary traveller whether or not he or she had breakfast...  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>adnelg
<Content>Great hotel, great breakfast ... a little far out. We just finished up a four-night stay here. It was overall a fantastic experience.We arrived fresh off our transatlantic flight at 06:00, and the hotel was kind enough to let us check in 8 hours early and snooze off our jet lag. In addition, they were more than welcoming, encouraging us to come back for directions and more information if there was anything that we forgot in our sleepy state.The room was very clean with a comfortable bed and a clean, large bathroom. We did upgrade to the club room, so I'm not sure whether this impacted the size of our room, but I have to say that it was very large by European standards.The included breakfast was a great way to start the day: eggs, meat, toast, cereal, fruits, yogurt ... I ate more than my fair share.The only down side is that you are a bit out of the city. The tram does run close to the hotel, and you can't miss your stop at the end of the line (helpful after the coffehouse), but it's about a 5 minute walk from the tram to the hotel over a bridge. It was a little frustrating having to abide by the tram schedule while on vacation, but I think overall worthwhile to get to stay in such a great place.I should mention that in any other downtown, a hotel this distance from city centre would still be well within the limits of downtown, it's just that Amsterdam's downtown core and therefore, what would be downtown still in London or Paris feels a little further out here.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb location to quickly get to know the city! Although my wife and I stayed only three nights we strongly felt we could not have chosen a more appropriate hotel. If, like us, you wish to explore the city for yourself, then walk out the hotel's front door, turn right, follow the main road (on foot) across a busy bridge and in ten minutes you'll be at the no. 25 tram terminus. A frequent (10 minute) service takes you to Central Station in 15-20 minutes! A two day travel pass (purchase at hotel reception for 10 Euros!) gives unlimited travel on all buses, trams and Metros for 48 hours from time of first use. The public transport system in Amsterdam is excellent --- you can easily reach any destination you seek. If the weather is poor, see the city by tram! The no 25 passes the canal tours. Everybody in Amsterdam speaks English! The hotel rooms are excellent, comfortable and the hotel staff could not be better; any request is promptly dealt with. The bathroom is tops, everything you hope for is provided. Restaurant is equally excellent (perhaps a little expensive?); breakfast is enormous help-yourself, lots of fruit, drinks and well cooked eggs, bacon etc. Everything is immaculately clean, catering staff keep the tables spotless, with immediacy. On days of departure, automatic 'phone service awakens those departing. TVs in the rooms easily pick up BBC TV stations for those who like to watch English TV before bed!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shadow2x
<Content>Above average, good hotel               More photos  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HP14
<Content>Too too far out The Mercure Aan de Amstel is a hotel that you stay in because you have to be in the area, not because you choose to go there.Its huge plus is the excellent staff, in particular on reception, but in general throughout the hotel staff are very good: I was very impressed. Overall the hotel was very clean and well kept, the room I had was rather small but adequate for one person. Room service breakfast was good 鈥?only drawback was the price - 鈧?7.50, and this is the only breakfast the hotel offers (but I鈥檇 got a good room rate so overall it was still reasonable).The big downside is however the location 鈥?even if you are staying here as you have business in the area (and I鈥檓 not sure why else you would, there must be other hotels of similar quality closer to the centre of Amsterdam) it鈥檚 a long way out. The hotel bar/restaurant is not an ideal place to unwind and, given the option, rather than travel into town in the evening, if there were a next time, I think I鈥檇 rather stay in the centre and travel out in the morning rather than travel in to town in the evening.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wt88
<Content>Nice hotel but too far from city center               More photos  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice rooms are the only kind words I can muster To preface, we got what we deserved after arriving in Amsterdam late on a Saturday night. I normally stay at the Sofitel near Centraal Station but along with every other conveniently located hotel it was booked. They sent me to another Accor property, the Mercure. First, this hotel should not be considered to be in Amsterdam. It is completely out of the way and requires a solid 15 minute cab ride to get anywhere worth spending time in town. The night bells were both broken and along with 6 other guests it took us 20 minutes just to get into the lobby at about 2 am, Sunday morning. The desk clerk then had the gall to argue in 2 languages with us-everyone was irate. Although a canal city there were mice running all around outside the front door area where 2 overflowing garbage pails sat. Yuck. The rooms are nicely decorated and good sized but the king bed is actually 2 singles pushed together on rollers...so be careful...  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TravelSchmavel
<Content>Nice Hotel, but inconvenient location       View of the Amstel River from the room  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>scruffty
<Content>Not a bad hotel but too far out of town I stayed here in July 2005 whilst attending the Microsft TechEd Conference at the RAI Conference Centre. We were led to believe that it was close to the RAI - it isn't! There is no easy way to get public transport there, and it took us 20 minutes to walk it. It was also a 5 - 10 minute walk to the nearest tram, number 25. The tram took about 20 minutes to reach the Dam and the last tram was about 00:15. It was, however a pleasant walk over a canal, with lots of wildlife such as ducks, birds etc and some picturesque house boats, views etc.Onto the hotel, it feels very modern downstairs in the lobby, reception and restaurant. The food was pretty good, but was a tad pricey (typical hotel prices) and the portions were of inconsitant size - one night loads of food, the next night, not as big, but this wasn't a problem...maybe they were being generous one night?! Breakfast was nice with lots of variety, but again, was pricey.The room was of a fair size, but the bathroom needed modernisation, although it sufficed. The bed was comfortable, as were the pillows. The hotel is of a confusing layout with two towers, only accessible from their own lifts. I'm not a bif fan of lifts, and could only walk to the first floor - you have to get a lift for the others. Don't worry though, there are adequate fire escapes, it's just that they go straight outside!The staff were friendly enough. Overall, it was alright, but too far out of town. If you can get a good deal here (with Breakfast included) and don't mind getting the tram to the centre, then go for it - you won't be that disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>enzozoc
<Content>Great Hotel, good location, great value for money We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of december 2003.The hotel is really beautiful,the staff is friendly, breakfast is wide and of good quality.The breakfast room is absulotely beautiful and classy.The room was not so wide but had space enough.Hotel location: certainly is out of city centre, but is very easy and fast to go to city center because of the number 51 tram, 5 minutes walk to the hotel, and there is also a metro stop very close to the hotel (approx. 5 min walk).It takes 10-15 minutes to Dam Square.We had a great time.Don't listen to the only bad rewiev!RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Trip in Feb 2005       A quick snap from the door of the bathroom  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Facilities - Thoroughly enjoyed our stay Having read the previous review the evening before travelling, I was filled with concern. The review could not be more wrong in our experience. The standard of hotel is very good. As experienced Hilton regulars, we found this hotel to be of an even higher standard. The food, both in the Bistro and at breakfast, was the best we have had in a business class hotel. There was a pleasant ambiance in the bar area and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The room was perfect with plenty of space and every facility you require. Cleanliness standards were excellent. The regular Metro service is at the bottom of the street (approx 1/2 mile) and very efficient. We were in a rush to get there the first day and paid 22 Euros in a taxi from the centre, but the Metro is only 2.40. We had a very pleasant weekend there and were glad to leave the centre of town to escape to our very comfortable hotel at night. I would imagine the hotel is busy with business travellers during the week, the conference facilities were excellent, but it was paced just right at the weekend. I do not understand how anyone could complain about this hotel. If you have already booked, I would like to ease your worry and assure you that you will enjoy a pleasant stay. I will return.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for tourists! Hotel is far away from the old city, you need a taxi ans that is hard to find and very expensive from this hotel. The view from my room was on a dirty industial area. Not really what you expect from a visit to Amsterdam. Staff is extreme unfriendly when you have any comments about the not working airco or the empty minibar. After 09.30 it is impossible to get some food and in the isolated area of the hotel there are no restaurants or shops. Try to book a hotel n the city centre when you visit Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇€佹櫘閫氥伄搴冦仌銇?..   showReview(19928435, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹鍒╃敤銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19927109, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

