<Author>bali1000
<Content>Unbelieveable service On a recent holiday from Australia my parents stayed at this hotel. During this time my father suddnely passed away leaving my mother along way from home and grieving. The hotel staff were absolutetly amazing. In particular Claudia (Front Desk manageress) They cared for my mother until we could arrive some 36 hours later. The compassion and understanding shown by the staff at the hotel will never be forgotten by our family. Every staff member knew our situation and they were very sympathetic each time we spoke. It is this attention to service which is very rare these days and sets an example for others to follow. Well done Sonesta and I will definitetly go back under very diferent circumstances and enjoy my stay. Thanks Shane Blair.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crowleymagic
<Content>Much better than expected I had read about the problems people had with the noise from the nightclub and requested that we be placed on the other side of the hotel. They did as requested and we had a fabulous stay. We rented a 2BR suite for the family and it was beautiful. Spacious and very reasonably priced. We ate at the restaurant for dinner and breakfast and it was very good. Sitting outside the first night was beautiful. The view over Biscayne Bay was gorgeous and the staff were excellent. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>krmik
<Content>Very Nice Hotel  We stayed at the Sonesta Hotel because it was part of a travel package I booked for a last minute vacation. I was pleasantly surprised at what a nice hotel this was and the high level of customer service. The hotel and room décor is modern and what you would expect of a higher end hotel in Miami. We had a standard hotel room with a city view on the 10th floor. The room was spacious enough for 2 people, updated, clean, comfortable and well maintained. We had no problems with noise or being disturbed otherwise by the clubs located nearby. In fact, it was quiet enough to hear the ocean at night and in the early morning. There is a pool on the 8th floor with a nice view of the water and town. The only drawback was that the pool was on the small side and not much pool side seating. But with so many great beaches nearby, we didn’t spend that much time at the pool.The customer service was exceptional. Everyone from the valet attendant to the front desk employee was polite, attentive, helpful and friendly. They were very helpful in giving us directions around town and advice on dining and shopping.One drawback to the hotel was the cost of valet parking- $23 a day was a little steep, but parking options are limited in that part of town. There was a cheaper parking lot a few blocks away but I didn’t feel safe parking there and walking back to the hotel at night. The only other negative about this hotel was the crowd that gathers a few blocks from the hotel at night. The hotel is located in a nice neighborhood within a few blocks of nice shops and restaurants. During the day, the area is charming and pleasant, but at night a scary looking crowd gathers on the street corners near the hotel. I wouldn’t recommend going out at night alone.Overall, this hotel turned out to be one of our favorites in Miami and we definitely plan to return on future trips.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>evenoelle
<Content>A very nice hotel Spent the night at the Sonesta following our wedding. When we arrived, my husband mentioned that we just got married and they upgraded our room to a bay view room on the 21st floor. This hotel was immaculate. Each time we were walking in the hotel or around the hotel, we noticed people cleaning. (This is always a big plus for me!) All of the staff that we came across were very friendly and we genuinely felt welcome here.The room was a very nice size complete with a small kitchen type area that had a fridge, microwave, coffee pot, sink, and stove. The balcony view of Biscayne Bay was splendid.The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were well equiped.We love fresh air so we slept with the balcony door open a bit and never heard any of the noise from the club downstairs that several of the other reviewers here have mentioned.The hotel is a short walk to the heart of Coconut Grove.This is a very nice hotel and I would not hesitate to stay here again or to recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>madtoaster
<Content>In line with my expectations       View from my window  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>las710
<Content>Horrible Noise -- Bad Soundproofing We just stayed at the Sonesta and I was very disappointed. We got a decent last minute deal on Hotwire and spent last Friday night at the hotel. First and foremost, there is a club next door that BLARES music until 3:00am on the weekends. We were on the 18th floor and the music was so loud I could not fall asleep until the club closed. When I called down to the front desk at 2:00am to complain, they were quick to answer that it would go on until 3:00am -- this has obviously been a major issue for them. I could actually make out the songs (at least those I recognized) and could hear the DJ announce last call -- IT WAS THAT BAD!The room were were in was cramped -- you could barely walk around the bed without bumping into the furniture around it. We had our 18-month-old with us which made this somewhat treacherous for her. We had to request a crib three times before they brought one up to the room, but luckliy it arrived before bedtime.The pool was quite small... much too small for the size of this hotel. But it was not terribly busy and warm.When we checked out, I complained about the club noise and they half-heartedly apologized. The receptionist said they receive a lot of complaints and forward them to the police in the hopes that they will be able to get the club closed down and that I should request an oceanside room next time... but that's all they said. They did not offer to reimburse us or even drop the $23 valet parking charges which I thought was the minimum they could do. I know we got a good price on hotwire.com ($105 including tax), but when I am paying for a 4-star hotel I expect to be able to sleep through the night, not be bothered by the adjacent noise. On the positive side... the location is nice and you can walk to lots of restaurants, etc. The lobby was nice and hip, as was the furniture in the rooms. The bed was very comfortable too... too bad I couldn't sleep. I will never again stay at this hotel and warn others to think twice before booking it on a weekend.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>WildCommonwealthBoy
<Content>Great Spot Stayed for 2 nights the last weekend in June.Property is very nice with GREAT balconies overlooking the bay.We found the rooms very spacious and a full size refrigerator was very handy.The exercise room was well equiped and not busy.We ate at a great restaurant Jaquars down the street.Would recommend this hotel if you want to be away from the big crowds.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rodsussexuk
<Content>Mixed bag Stayed in the hotel for a 2 day business meeting after travelling from the UK. The check-in staff were helpful and friendly although I was thre only one checking in so pressure wasnt great!The rooms were large and functional and were pretty standard as far as US hotel rooms are concerned.The staff were really helpful and friendly throughout the stay and the conference staff were very efficient although when I asked for some photocopying to be done, I was referred to the business centre. The business center was a surprise as you you had to pay for the services with a credit card when I would have preferred( and got!) this cost added to the central bill.The hotel is a little noisy with a club about 200meters from the hotel throwing folks out at around 2am which is a pity.Local services are great though with many bars and restaurants to choose from.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>travelgirlLA
<Content>quoth the raven...nevermore check in was like a 3-ring circus and took almost an hour, thanks to someone who wasnt even a front desk agent. when we went back to change rooms, the manager said to another front desk person what was ____ doing here??the rooms were decent and clean. they were also a nice size. they upgraded us to a corner suite with a wrap-around balcony.the room service is hit or miss. i loved my breakfast (chocolate chip pancakes) but my boyfriend hated his (french toast). the dinner is also mediocre. the angus burger was delish, but the hummus plate was so disgusting.we also tried to order food on the 'rooftop' pool. the cabana boy said it would be about 15 minutes. i patiently waited 30 minutes before deciding to cancel my order. when i did cancel, a manager came out making a huge deal out of it. all i wanted was some fried rice! but they took too long and i was over it.also note: the other reviewers are not exaggerating when they explain nikki beach. i was so uncomfortable and felt unsafe with all walks of life pouring out of that club at night time.the parking is terrible. the hotel is in a convenient location to a couple of decent places to eat. there's a pizza place on the same street as the hotel that is soooo good. there is also an american apparel! tripadvisor is gracious giving this hotel 4-stars. it must just be for the amenities the hotel offers, but they just don't hit it with the service.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>countrygirl06
<Content>Pleasant place to stay My husband and I stayed at the Sonesta in Coconut Grove for four nights at the end of May. The reservation was booked by a family member for us as we had travelled to Florida for a graduation. Our room had a view of the bay and a fully equipped kitchenette. What a treat to be able to have water and drinks and snacks in the fridge and to make coffee. The king sized bed was supremely comfortable and made up with excellent quality sheets and pillows and down duvet. The bathroom, although small, had an abundance of excellent quality towels and top-of-line toiletries. Two spa-quality robes were in the closet freshly laundered for our use. The room itself was spacious, spotlessly clean, and fresh smelling. On two mornings, we had a great breakfast in the 8th floor restaurant overlooking the bay. Overall, for our purposes, it was a very pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Natcarib
<Content>Outstanding View       view from 8th fl.reception hall  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>seminoletravler
<Content>Look elsewhere If you want a nice hotel that takes care of their customers look elsewhere. We booked a 2 bed room suite that was to have a king bed in each room. One room had 2 twin beds pushed together with a lamb strip down the middle which was horrible. The other room's airconditioner did not work the entire stay and we had personal in the room the whole time trying to fix it. They even walked in our room without knocking just came right in. Finally they were going to move us after 2 hours at the front desk but we insisited on seeing the new room first (which they argued about) and sure enough one of the rooms had the same thing two twin beds pushed together. Where do hotels even get twin beds nowdays?? We pretty much spent our entire stay with this room problem. The front desk staff was horrible they would leave us standing there forever and were completely rude!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>yermo
<Content>Amazing views, great pool BUT beware of noise I'm kind of mixed on this hotel. In general, I would say that it's nice, our room had one of the best views I've ever seen, the staff was friendly and courteous... but there were major problems that would prevent me from staying there in the future. The lobby is hip and nicely designed, but when you get up to the rooms, it has the feel of a glorified Super 8 motel. The hallways smell of air freshener and the decor is, well... if I had to make up a name, it would be European Gas Station. You know, clean, with lots of in-room convenience, but not tasteful or well designed. The room decor is basic, comfortable, but with no hint of the funky luxury the lobby implies. I was fortunate with the size and view: the corner one bedroom suite had a spectacularly huge balcony overlooking the marina. This room was right over the pool and Panorama restaurant one floor below. I was a little concerned about being this close however the pool bar closes at 7, the pool itself closes at 10 and Panorama at 11, so there was no noise factor coming from these particular facilities late at night. The major issue is the club Nikki Beach on the ground floor of the hotel. The room was on the 9th floor and even with all the windows closed, the air conditioner going full blast and the fan on in the bathroom right next to the bed, I could not sleep from the noise way below, which went on late into the night. Nikki Beach is a restaurant with an outdoor patio and turns into a nightclub after 11 and it's LOUD! Management did not say anything about the possibility of it being noisy, and I fail to see how they get repeat business on any floors lower than 15 due to the noise, at least on that side of the hotel. If you sleep like a rock and like to party, fine, but if you're here for business (on a weekday no less) and trying to get some sleep, forget it. The most prized rooms, the ones with the best views and balconies, are directly above the club. If it's loud 9 floors up, I have no idea how anyone in rooms below got any sleep at all. The Coconut Grove location doesn't seem to fit with the Sobe style party going on downstairs every night.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>PatriceCH
<Content>A wonderful hotel We stayed at this hotel with my wife and my two children from April 24 until April 27 2008. We would highly recommend this hotel for several reasons. Coconut Grove is a very nice place at only 10-15 minutes driving from Miami Downtown and Biscayne Bay. The area is very safe with some nice restaurants and shops at only 2 minutes walking. The hotel itself is amazing: Very nice and friendly people and the rooms are very nice as well (we stayed in a one-room suite with a wonderful view on the Bay).We would like to give a special mention to the team in charge of the breakfast there, for their very friendly and efficient service. One disappointment: Very small swimming pool.We will go back there next time we stay in Miami.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kittylover
<Content>Get the right room before you check in       view from our second room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>donnamulligan
<Content>Loved teh Sonesta We stayed pre and post cruise at the Sonesta in Coconut Grove. Pre cruise we had a standard city view comared to UK hotels this was a large room. Post cruise we arrived back at 9.30am and were allowed to check in early and upgraded to a one bedroom bay view suite. Breakfast was excellent on the balcony. The pool area was very nice. Didn't seem to be too many holidaymakers, most people seemed to be there on business. I chose the Sonesta as it was close to restuarants. We are planning to go back to Miami next year however we would stay in either downtown Miami or South Beach to be nearer the beach  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lesdeak
<Content>Good hotel but ask for the right room Friends and I stayed at this hotel while at a conference in miami. Hotel is very nice but we had different experiences with our rooms so best to ask for a room with their kitchen, microwave, etc so you get the larger of the rooms available. Also, my room was on 19th floor with view of the bay which was beautiful. Pool was small but ok - and again had great view of the bay (from 8th floor). Nice location near shops and restaurants in coconut grove Co co walk. A bit far from south beach but we werent there for that reason. Watch the weather if going this month. one day it was 85 - 90 degrees and the next it was 66!!! bring variety of clothing. My friend said that the management was extremely inflexible with some of the problems she had with the room.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richard_traveler
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway Flying down from a colddd Baltimore to Miama and staying 4 days at the Sonesta was a real pleasure. It is only a block away from the heart of Coconut Grove, a very cool little town, and across the street from a nice park (including a skateboard park my son loved). The hotel's 8th floor swimming pool has a fantastic view of the bay, as did our room. Staff were very pleasant and helpful..  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>joanna50
<Content>Noisy and no service We were given a free upgrade to a junior suite as standard rooms are not big enough to fit two beds yet, they give a rate for all the family staying in one room.The two children slept on a sofa-bed that was hideously uncomfortable. Our bed was superb and the bathrooms were good.All the suites back onto a night club that pounds out music until 4am. So, if you want a room big enough a family to fit in, you will be kept awake until the small hours by the adjacent Flavour nightclub.If you want breakfast in the restaurant you have to book a table or wait in line for up to one hour (on a Sunday when we tried) as the restaurant seats less than a tenth of the capacity of the hotel. Yet, if you want your complimentary breakfast in your room then you pay in full for it.This is an expensive hotel that looks great and has a nice pool, but the service is terrible and the noisy location let it down.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>CVWorldtraveler
<Content>Excellent service Excellent service. Staff does its best to accomodate the guests. For example, our room was great, very comfortable bed and nice view but could hear a nightclub while trying to sleep. We were moved the same night to a satisfactory room by patient and nice staff. Nice robes.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	5	5	

<Author>estabrks
<Content>over rated There are both good and bad things about this hotel. I have stayed her three times toward the end of 2006. During the first stay we had a two bedroom waterfront room with living room and kitchen. The views and balcony were unbelievable. The living space was huge. However, the decor was just fair. It feels like it needs a renovation. The doorknob to our bathroom door fell off, as well as the handle on the toilet. In the second bedroom it literally rained water from above. They came to fix it several times. Each time they'd say, it's all fixed only to have it leak again a short time later. When we complained to the front desk they didn't seem that concerned about the leak and didn't have any other rooms to move us to. During our other stays we just had the run of the mill hotel room without a view. These are very small rooms, but the bathrooms are a nice size. I certainly would be disappointed if we'd paid for them, but were there on business. The location is very convenient to Cocowalk if that is of interest. The food at the restaurant is really good and the view is wonderful. We had both breakfast, dinner, and some drinks in the course of our stays. My biggest gripe is with the front desk staff. We got the WORST service there of any hotel I have ever stayed at and I travel a lot. On three occasions I waited my turn for over 20 minutes!! There was a problem with my bill during every stay. And, the front desk staff never acted interested or concerned in my problems with anything. I sent my comments in, but never heard back. Customer service is important to me.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	1	2	4	

<Author>pjeanne
<Content>Comfy and nice staff Nice vast room with ocean view and great flat TV screen. The Kitchenette was also very useful as I stayed for a long time there. The staff was very helpful and nice. The fitness room at last floor was very clean and offered a nice view over the bay.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>vacationtimeFlorida
<Content>Great hotel, okay stay First, I must say the staff and the hotel are wonderful. I had been to Coconut Grove before-during the day and for dinner, but never stayed overnight. If your are not aware, it can get loud on the weekends...all night long. We had an upgraded king suite in the 17th floor. The view was nice, but we were on the street-side that had traffic and party-goers all night long. Think 17 floors up it would be serene, but it was like we were forced to party along with them. Too bad we had to get up early, and our sleep was required. The A/C unit was like an airplane, but it came in handy to drown out the other noise. In a nutshell, I loved the room service and the staff. The room was great and spotless, but just a VERY loud and uncomfortable location for us. Next time maybe we'll ty another sonesta property in a better location for us.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wshlew
<Content>Okay hotel on a trash street       view from my window  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jpcontreras
<Content>Great place to stay!       Front of the hotel  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LeBonRobert
<Content>The Most Luxe for the Least Price The Sonesta Coconut Grove is a great combination of quality, service and value. The Sonesta is comparable to other four star properties with little touches that lend a boutique flair. The lobby nor the restaurant nor the pool nor the fitness center are grand yet I found each more intimate and serene than more well known chain hotels.Our room was the Superior category, the smallest offered. If you planning to spend a lot of time in your room you may want to upgrade to the next category but we found it just fine. The bedding and the bed itself were extremely comfortable. The bath is modern and in good condition but simple. We did not have a flat screen TV as shown in some of the on line pictures but perhaps the upgraded categories offer that. Our rate included the oft-maligned continental breakfast. We found the French pastries and juice absolutely delicious. You can upgrade to a more substantial breakfast but the price difference did not seem worth it to us. Any and all service requests were honored the first time. We found the staff to be generally professional and congenial at the Front Desk, valet and Restaurant.Dollar for dollar you are going to get more hotel at a better price at the Sonesta Coconut Grove than South Beach or downtown. Coconut Grove has its own personality without quite as much insanity as South Beach. Unless you are doing the beach every day, Coconut Grove is a great alternative to South Beach or downtown. You have plenty of restaurants and shops within walking distance and even more within a five minute drive. You are ten minutes to downtown and twenty to South Beach. I would definately book the Sonesta again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NovaTam
<Content>Pre-Cruise Stay The Sonesta Hotel and Suites in Coconut Grove was very nice. We booked a 1 bedroom Biscayne suite for my husband, 16 y/o son and myself. The suite was very nice! It had a full kitchen, nice balcony with 2 entrances leading out from the suite and even a washer and dryer! Our view was of the pool area and the bay beyond...very nice. We felt that this was one of the most comfortable hotel stays that we've had. The property was very nice and clean with daily housekeeping, daily newspaper, free WiFi and very pleasant front desk staff! This property is in a great location of Coconut Grove and you can get around on foot to many areas. They also offer a free shuttle bus to South Beach. There are quite a few places to eat in the immediate area and the hotel has a restaurant as well. I would recommend this hotel to families, couples and business travelers.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>magical127
<Content>How wonderful!       What a view to wake up to!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hurongirlOntario
<Content>A great stay! We stayed here before and after a cruise. The hotel is well appointed and spotlessly clean. Very comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Nice small rooftop restaurant served a very pleasant breakfast. The neighbourhood was great, with several dining options and some shopping. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ntasha783
<Content>Overpriced and Overrated This hotel has the superficial appearance of a luxury 3 1/2 star hotel, however the service and accommodations are a far cry from outstanding. Beware of the complimentary continental breakfast because you may end up being charged upon check out for foods that were not included. When you go into the restaurant were breakfast is held only certain foods on the buffet are complimentary. I was surprised upon checkout with a charge for $70 for breakfast that wasn't included.They have a computer in the front desk with internet access guarded by a person from the concierge to insure that you only check in your flights and print boarding passes. I asked to check my email and he informed me that I could not, but I could go to the business center, type in my credit card number, and use the Internet as long as my heart desired. Finally, if you don't read anything else READ THISThis hotel is not one that is customer focused. They are friendly but in a superficial, all I care about is the money you will spend, sort of way. Not everyone was this way, but most were. As a person who is big on customer focus and stellar customer service I would not recommend this hotel for anyone on vacation- business trips maybe. I was disappointed to say the least. They leave me the impression of an upper-class business swindler and I can only imagine how many people fall victim unaware.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	4	2	1	

<Author>Lite-Traveler11
<Content>So very pleased (and we are picky!) The bedding was perhaps the best I've every seen - just like they show on their website. A rare situation of what you see is what you get.The employees were kind and helpful.Even though we had two maintenance issues (tub water didn't drain properly, and an alarm was going off in another room for at least an hour), we were still thrilled with the hotel because the issues were resolved quickly.To our surprise, the room included a kitchenette with a refrig, two burners and a microwave. We didn't use it but it was nice to know that it was there.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mwafrica4
<Content>The best in the Grove area for the price.. During a recent business visit to Coconut Grove, my company had made a reservation through the USA office for the Grand Bay Hotel.. Well..the state of the Grand Bay was unbelievably terriblle., especially for the ridiculous price that I was paying.Through my customer office in the Grove I got into the Sonesta.It was a huge improvement. Although the building is a bit bland, the reception, the staff, and the cleanliness of the room was just great ( If there is one thing I cannot abide, that is a dirty room, and the Grand Bay was dirty !) So a commendation for the Sonesta is due. I had looked at two other hotels and they were the Double Tree and the Mayfair. The Double Tree was not bad (I had stayed there before) and it was the least expensive. The Mayfair is meant to be a 'Leading Hotel Of The World' group, but didn't have good reviews and looked a bit 'tired' when I went to see it, and it has no pool.My room in the Sonesta (139 usd) had a small kitchen, sitting room, bedroom, walk-in wardrobe, and two toilets one bath. Nice view over the Grove. Two TVs, coffee maker, etc. Swimming pool on the 8th floor was a bit small but had clean water. The breakfast was included and served in the restaurant on the 8th with a nice view over the bay. So there you go ! Thanks Sonesta. Keep it going !-- Tony. Luxembourg.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BoomerTravel
<Content>Great Service We stayed at this hotel for one night prior to a cruise. Did not want to stay on South Beach but wanted a spot which was in walking distance of good restaurants and stores. This was an excellent choice. Hotel is within feet of CoCo Walk and all of the other attractions in the grove. Go to Tu Tu Tangos for a fun place to eat. The hotel was wonderful. A modern hotel with beauiful pieces of art in the hallways. The elevator and wide hallways are well lite and extremely clean. Room was of average size, white walls, a king bed with the best linen and many pillows along with a flat screen TV. The balconey overlooking the park, pool and bay was very roomy. The bathroom was huge with alot of towels, but could of been brighter. Robes are provided. The hotel was very quiet and I did not hear a sound all night. The best part was the staff. From the valet, to the front desk, to the waiter in the restaurant they were all working hard to be efficient and friendly. The best customer service I have seen in all my travels. They all treated us with a great deal of concern and really seemed to care.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LuvVacays
<Content>Eucalyptus-Scented Lobby Wins! The hotel's décor was a modern one. The lobby gave us a sense of aromatherapy, filled with the beautiful scent of eucalyptus and the space was accentuated with ivory couches and simple foliage. It immediately set off a comfortable environment once we walked through the entrance.The front desk was extremely helpful. Check-in took no time at all. We arrived quite late in the night and they quickly assigned us a room. The king-size bedroom was spacious with a fully equipped kitchen, a balcony with a beautiful view of the Biscayne Bay and the bathroom had bathrobes and deliciously scented products from Italy. The bed was very comfortable, my husband who has had 3 back surgeries enjoyed it very much.The bell staff helped us move our luggage into the car even though we didn't pay for their valet service. The only downside I could think of is the stairs leading up to the hotel entrance, I suggest a ramp so that people with heavy luggage wouldn't have to struggle to move their belongings up to the landing.The hotel’s Peruvian restaurant has a great breakfast menu with a panoramic view of Key Biscayne. The bald waiter was very helpful and courteous, he should be employee of the month.The Fitness Center is full of Precor equipments. They offered green apples by the water pitcher which I thought was a pretty nice touch.If you drive, use the public parking lot directly next door to the hotel. It costs $6 for 24-hours.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EasternAir
<Content>Nice Hotel- Good Buy       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>SmallHotelConnoiseur
<Content>Service Disappointing... The Sonesta is a large rack rate hotel. We found the lobby to be gorgeous but the typical room to be quite small. The bed was very comfortable with a very nice duvet. The bay view was lovely if you don't mind paying a little extra. Unfortunately, we had a disappointing experience with customer service. We tried to use the in-room hairdryer and discovered it was broken. After three calls to the desk in two hours we still did not have a working hairdryer. Finally, we approached a maid cleaning an adjacent room and were delighted that she understood our situation and allowed us to switch hairdryers. (Memo to Management: Keep the crew that was working the 18th floor.) Talk about service coming from the ground up! The hotel abuts one of the main shopping districts in Coconut Grove. Many of the establishments looked tourist weary and the restaurants seemed expensive next to other areas of Miami. Do try the Chart House - it was excellent. For a more sophisticated experience, try the Westin Colonade Hotel in Coral Cables.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>MaryAnnLeftCoast
<Content>Excellent choice for a Miami area stay! What a terrific place! We booked a Biscayne Suite for a low AAA rate. The 19th floor wraparound terrace with its views of the marina, the park (although you can't see it, the Barnacle Historic Site is there, beneath the trees) and the pool, was fantastic. The two bedroom suite affords loads of pricacy, as it is actually two hotel rooms with an entrance foyer--so each bedroom's occupants have complete privacy . Then there is a small but modern kithchen area, a washer/dryer in the third bathroom, and living area. The price of this huge suite was half of what we were about to pay for a much smaller ONE bedroom suite at Loew's. We went to So Beach one day and were so glad we didnt stay there. It was loud, hectic, and like the worst of Las Vegas. Returning to the little streets and cafes of Coconut Grove was lovely. The staff at Sonesta is excellent!!!! Everyone is friendly, knowledgable about the area, and courteous and helpful. The bellman/general assistant Jouvert (spelling?) was particularly outstanding. We used the valet parking--yes, a bit of a splurge, but a treat to have the car waitng for us when needed. The pool was clear, clean, and sparkiing, with enough room to swim laps. There was rarely anyone else there or in the hot tub. One night there was a wedding which interfered with our use of the pool--not officially, we just felt a bit awkward swimming in front of the wedding guests who were in adjoining reception area with patio adjacent to the pool deck.Only two negatives: the hallway on the floor leading to our suite had a somewhat mildewed, humid scent. Howeve, there was no trace of it, once in the suite or its entryway . In fact, the rooms were perfectly clean, wtih spotless bathrooms. The other problem was that one day, shower pressure varied--sometimes strong, sometimes barely more than a stream. I forgot to mention this while we were there, but have no doubt that had we done so, it would have been looked into.If you stay there, try the gelato at the place on Main Highway, around the corner from the hotel (NOT the gelato at Cocoo Walk). Main Highway is a great place for strollig, for cafes, adn in the daytime , to visit the Barnacle Historic Site. I can't imagine a better place to stay in the Miami area, and if we return, we'll stay here.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xbisou
<Content>Friendly Staff at the Sonesta We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Sonesta in Coconut Grove in May.It’s less then 5 minutes walking distance to Coconut Walk, a very small shopping area with restaurants and bars. And if you don’t mind taking public transport, it has good bus routes to Coral Gables and Miami Beach or you can take the bus to the metro-rail over ground system and head to Downtown Miami or further a field.The building is modern with a combination of apartments at the very top and hotel rooms below. I suppose some of the residents allow the hotel to rent out their apartments and they split the fee.One negative point, prior to my arrival, I had e-mailed the hotel to see if they would kindly accept a few small items I’d bought on [--], but they didn’t reply. I suppose it was an unusual request and I wouldn’t have minded them saying no, but they didn’t even reply. I’d stayed at the Hotel Nash in Miami Beach a week earlier and they had no problem with my request.We stayed in a deluxe room with a king sized bed, a balcony and city views of Coconut Walk. Our room (1117) was big, very clean with a very efficient air conditioning system. There was also a tiny kitchenette with a microwave, a fridge and plenty of cupboard space for groceries. The bathroom was roomy with a large deep bath, big enough for 2.The hotel is wheelchair friendly with ramps and wide corridors, for those that need it. There are plenty of porters as you enter the building, but they’re not over bearing and they don’t insist on taking your luggage when you politely say no.We went up to the outdoor pool on the 8th floor just to check it out. It’s not huge, but it was very nice. We never ate at the hotel so I can’t vouch for the food.We had a late flight out on our last day (19:25) so we asked for a late check out. They said they needed the room, but allowed us to use the gym facilities to shower and change before going to the airport.Every time we passed a member of staff, they always smiled and they always said hello. I’d definitely recommend the Sonesta and would stay there again if I found myself in Coconut Grove.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>teach32
<Content>Fantastic Vacation After reading several reviews on the Sonesta we gave it a try. What a wonderful experience, especially since we were leaving a N'easter behing!Check in was very smooth and all the employees friendly. The room was great, the bed soo comfortabel. We had a king-sized bed with a microwave, refrigerator and and stove. Everything was very clean and the view from the balcony of the city with Miami in the distance-super. I was a little concerned about noise since others had written about it, but it was very quiet onthe 11th floor.The pool was very nice and warm, although small and not too many lounge chairs. Don't forget to go up to the exercise room. There are windows overlooking the city and bay.akes you want to work out!We didnt eat at teh restaurant, but it smelled great and looked nice overlooking the Bay.We wil definitely return to the Sonesta next year!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annie1emma2
<Content>Great Hotel               
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NjBeachgoer
<Content>Great one night stay               More photos  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lily01
<Content>Comfortable and a good price I travel to Miami for work and generally like smaller hotels. I used to stay at the Wyndham, Coconut Grove which I have heard has been sold and gone downhill. My expectations were moderate going to the sonesta but the price was right. My room was on the 18th floor with a partial view of the water. I was surprised at the size of the suite--very roomy, 1.5 baths, kitchen and a huge balcony. It was comfortable, but the decor was a bit drab. I brought my laptop and there was free internet access. The pool is lovely, nice moderate temp with a pretty view of the bay. However, there was limited lounge chair seating. I had lunch one day at the restaurant-good service, great view and good food. Coco walk is right out the door and there are numerous places to eat and feel comfortable eating alone. My only issues were with the front desk service. Every time I called for the concierge no one answered  it would go to voice mail. Also, it is noisey at night, no matter how high a room you have because of coco walk. All in all the hotel is clean and comfortable and it was a perfectly good stay.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>An0n
<Content>Had a great holiday here We booked a 7 night stay from Christmas Eve until New Year's Eve in the one bedroom Biscayne Suite. We paid just over $1,600 including taxes by booking using the hotel's website on the 21 day advance non-cancellable rate. Considering that we were going during one of the most popular times of the year we think we got a fairly good deal, though the rates at other times of the year seem to be cheaper.Upon check-in, we learnt that we had been upgraded to the larger one bedroom Palm Suite. The rooms were clean and spacious, and the ocean view was spectacular (my wife could have spent all day watching the boats!). We went for the Ocean View after reading some reviews on Tripadvisor about potential noise in the City View rooms, and it probably was quieter on our side. However, there were a couple of nights when we were woken up by sudden engine or generator noise from the harbour. Nothing too bad, but not as tranquil as we might have expected. The kitchen was notably well-equipped and clean.As recommended by other reviewers we parked in the self-park next door to the hotel, which was $6 a day rather than using the hotel's valet service at around $18. For internet access, the hotel provides complementary access in rooms if you bring a laptop and ethernet cable. Otherwise your options are the hotel's business center (pricey), a cafe a few yards away (less pricey), or the Coconut Grove Library next door to the hotel (free!). Registration for computer use at the library is a straightforward process and takes no more than a few minutes.The facilities of the hotel were good, and the location is good for shopping and restaurants. The pool was nicely heated, though sometimes busy. We dined at the restaurant and pool bar a couple of times, which were both good too. We found all of the staff extremely courteous.One complaint: the washer-dryer in our room broke down mid-cycle, leaving all of our clothes soaking wet and soapy. We reported the problem and were told that an engineer would come to look at it. A couple of hours and several follow up phone calls later, an engineer finally arrived and after consulting with the front desk we were advised that the washer/dryer was the responsibility of the apartment's owner (most if not all of the apartments are privately owned) and so Sonesta were unable to do anything to sort the problem out. As I was renting from Sonesta, I felt it was their responsibility to tackle the issue. They also said that my original pre-upgrade room would not have had a washer/dryer in there (this seems to be inconsistent with the floorplans on their website, which show washer/dryers in both the Biscayne Suites and Palm Suites) so the fact there was a washer/dryer there was supposedly a bonus. In the end, they let us use the permanent resident laundry facilities, but we ended up wasting a morning of our holiday sorting this out.Nevertheless, I would definitely consider staying at the Sonesta Coconut Grove again and would particularly recommend it for families that need the flexibility that of an apartment with a kitchen.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Jersey4life
<Content>It was nice... My husband and I stayed at the Sonesta as part of a wedding room block. Since this was a first time in Coconut Grove (visited South Beach the year prior) we did not know what to expect. At first glance at check in the hotel is quite lovely and the staff are very friendly. Once we arrived in our room which was a bay view we were quite surprised by the size. Our room was rather small. The bathroom itself seemed larger than the bedroom area. And after much searching, we realized the room had no closet just a large dresser to hang your clothes. We decided to rent a car but the proximity of local spots was walking distance... i.e. Cheesecake Factory, Johnny Rockets, Hooters, CVS, etc... If you do rent a car do not utilize the valet parking at $18 a day there is a public lot right next door for about $3 a day ... but on the weekend there is a $6 flat fee for the bar hoppers. And if you do not know, Coconut Grove is a very posh city...every other car we saw had to be a Hummer and/or Range Rover...Since we were there with the rest of the bridal party... we did get a chance to see the 1BR suite and that was quite larger with a full kitchen and nice size living room. Because hubby  I are more beach bums... we felt we got more for our money on South Beach and do not see ourselves returning anytime soon to Coconut Grove.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>IntrepidfromMontreal
<Content>Very, very good hotel       Duvet everything on king bed  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>WENEEDAVACA
<Content>No Hotel Feel to it -- More like a doorman building Clean and quiet room on the 16th floor; only occasionally heard street noise from motorcycles, etc. I took other tripadvisor recommendations and requested a high floor. When we go there they had us on 11; I requested a higher floor, and they gave us 16. You don't want to be close to the 8th floor because that is where the pool, restaurant, and outdoor bar [if you want to call it a bar because the bartender is always MIA] are. Room is basic; bed was a little too soft for me, but comfortable linens. Balcony with 2 chairs is nice to have, overlooking the Biscayne Bay. There is no ocean right there; you must rent a car or you will feel too isolated. You want to request the ocean view, even though it is really a bay view. You don't want to be facing CoCo walk which has a very late and busy nightlife. There is a kitchenette in the room, so you can buy things and keep them in a small frig, or make your own coffee if you wish. There is NO gift or snack shop or any shops for that matter, in the Sonesta. There is no turn-down service at night, but if you want fresh towels you can tell them, and they are happy to refresh your towels at night.Also, very limited breakfast restaurants here. Only decent breakfast places to eat near by are Coco cafe [very limited menu], and Green Street [great omemlettes made any way you like; very busy and service can be very slow; tell the hostess you want to see your waiter as soon as you are seated]. There is also a Starbucks a few doors down to the right where you can read the New York Times and relax. It is always very crowded with a line.The pool is miniscule with very few chairs and NO lifeguard . Again, another tripadvisor member mentioned this, so I knew not to expect a great pool scene. But since we took many day trips, the pool was not the main priority. There is only 1 restaurant with a very limited menu. If you are NOT the adventurous type and rely on a good concierge, this is NOT the place to stay. They are pleasant enough, but not knowlegable, the same with the front desk crew. To save some money park at the garage next door which is $5 each time you enter, as opposed to the twentysomething dollars that the hotel charges for each 24 hours. There are other $5 parking options in the neighborhood. This hotel has many permanent residents here who own their units, so my take on this place is that if feels much more like a highrise doorman building with basic amenities, than a hotel with lots of amenities. Fitness room on top floor is okay if you just want to keep up with your regular routine -- nothing fancy, again very basic. Also, NO attendants in the fitness room.If you want luxury go to the Ritz-Carleton around the corner; it is gorgeous and the service is first class all the way around. Of course you will pay through the nose for that. If you are not planning on spending much time in the hotel as we did, the Sonesta is just fine. Just do your research ahead of time, so that you have an agenda for your visit. I recommend South Beach, Key Largo, and Key Biscaynne. If you love bike riding go to Key Biscaynne. It's not expensive and it's very flat and pretty, and they have a state park there to explore by bike or foot. South Beach is good for shopping, and of course happy hour. It has become so popular and crowded that biking there is frustrating because you are always concerned about running into someone. There are also 2 fun restaurant rows you have to visit. One is Espaniola Way, and the other is Lincoln Road. Don't bother wasting your money to go to the Bass Museum; extremely disappointing as there was nothing much to see. You can also rent chairs with cushions on the beach in South Beach for the day. South Beach is a real scene, so we chose not to stay there, but it is fun to visit. Key Largo is a drive, but we found a great tiki bar/restaurant right on the water called Snapper's and had great half price drinks and appetizers [awesome shrimp and oysters, and sooo cheap!] We left late and were stuck in traffic so we didn't get to do any exploring down there. Many people told us to go to Islamorada [the next Key], but we'll have to do that next time and leave earlier. There is major road construction going on along U.S.1 South, which we did not know about ahead of time, so be warned. Take Card Sound Road as an alternate route to avoid a lot of the traffic; do not take US 1 all the way down to the Keys.We stayed at the Sonesta for 4 nights. Overall, it was a nice get-away, and when we got bumped up to first class on our return flight it was icing on the cake! We took this trip without our 2 kids, and we had a really nice time just having alone time and exploring. There's lots to explore and see if you have wheels. We certainly did not see everything, but hopefully some of these tips will make your visit more enjoyable!! Have fun!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>BGI99
<Content>Excellent The Sonesta was great!!!! - from the time we arrived we were treated with great service and very polite staff. We booked a romm for USD 120 per night through an online booking service. We were given a room on the 19th floor with a corner wedge balcony with a view of the ocean - fantastic. The room was very comfortable and everything like a/c, t.v etc worked well. The restaurant could use some help however as service can be slow, but food very tasty!. It is in a great loacation with many activities close by. I would agree that the vlet parking is expensive, but very nice to have your car waiting for you when you come down into the lobby. The $5 public parking is right next to the hotel if you want to park yourself.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Michmal
<Content>Beautiful and spacious with unbeatable shopping, waterviews and restaurants The rooms in this hotel are more like an upscale condo. The kitchen is a full kitchen, the living room in both the 1 and the 2 bedroom suites are spacious and come equipped with a full table for 6 people to eat at and a small desk with everything necessary to work on your computer as well as a large sized TV, sofa and comfy chairs. The beds in both rooms are very large and comfortable. The closet in the larger bedroom is a large walk in! The corner suites and all other rooms facing the street can be very noisy as there is a nightclub blasting their music nearby outside on the street til the wee hours of the morning. This is the only location to avoid. Other than that, the location is amazing, a large park is the only thing separating the hotel and the water, the shopping and restaurants are amazing. We stay here about 5 times a year and will continue to do so. Parking has been mentioned as expensive but it is also a great service to have it pulled up and waiting as we are ready to go out. If you prefer not the pay the parking fee there is a much cheaper self parking garage next door.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sue020
<Content>A wonderful hotel       Ocean View One Bedroom Biscayne Suite  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelgirl4321
<Content>A Nice Surprise! My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. We had family and friends who had been disapointed in Miami before by second rate hotels that were billed as classy and expensive online. So on our first trip to Miami we didn't know what to expect. What we found in the Sonesta was a very nice, low-key and friendly place. We had reserved a Bay-View King room, but when we arrived at our room the door locking mechanism wouldn't lock. With a single phone call to the front desk a maintenance person responded immediately. When he found he couldn't fix the problem quickly, the hotel moved us to a wonderful suite that looked over the bay. The rooms were simple, elegant and comfortable. The staff was always friendly and more than willing to help with any requests. I personally enjoyed sangria night at the poolside bar- very nice! The hotel was close to everything, specifically a Starbucks just a half a block down- I have to have my coffee in the morning. The valet parking was totally worth the extra money- it was secure and much less stressful than trying to find a parking space. For the rate that we paid (under $100 on an internet site) I was more than impressed. Also, the concierge Chaz was super friendly- he gave a lot of good info. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definately stay there again if back in Miami.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jill052
<Content>Sounds like it's better to book an internet deal than direct       Bed in king room  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>cubanito1
<Content>You cant beat this Hotel!! Ok I have looked far and wide for hotels in Miami and took a chance on this one. It was great for $110 a night. You are close to everything in the Grove, plus ins central so South Beach is 10 minutes away. The rooms were not that big I had a normal king bed in a standard room woth no balcony. However for 20 bucks more a night I could have...Im just cheap.The room service for breakfast was amazing and well worth it. The staff was on top of anything I asked for. You have to have a drink outside by the pool on the 7th floor, its really cool.Dont valet your car! There is a parking garage right next to the hotel (actually connected) its usually 6 bucks for 24 hours...only if there is an attendant then is a 12 buck maximum (1.50 an hour).My suggestion is look around there are lots that charge 5 bucks for 24 hours..use them since the hotel charged 19bucks a night for valet. Oh and here is a trick, if you pay your parking stub from the garage next to the hotel at those automated machines..you have 8 hours to use the stub to get out....get it? I paid $1.50 at the machine and didnt have to use the ticket to leave for another 8 hours saving me a lot!!! Youll see those machine when you drive into the garage.....warning though, on the weekends the garage gets crowded with club hopping nuts..not safe to venture in there alone if your a girl. Just use common sense or ask the concierge to have security escort you which they will do. But the hotel is the only hotel I will use from now on. Book on the sonesta web site, and click on florida resident discount...its cheaper than the pulished rates and they never check..LOL!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>max44
<Content>Loved the Sonnesta and Scotty's Just returned from a 4 night stay at the sonnesta and loved it,All staff very friendly and helpfull, lots of security always around, Pool area great, nice large clean pool with fantastic views, allthough there were plenty sunbeds free while we were there could be a problem in the more popular months as there were only 16 beds around the pool, We stayed in a king ocean view. Rooms fitted out really well, nice big bathrooms, walk in closet, big comfy bed but i do have a problem with the 'duck n down' pillows dont find them very comfortable, Only one thing, you cant pick your neighbours and if you happen to have a noisey one you can hear them quite clearly through the wallsCould not be in better position, right opposite the marina, where you can also walk for miles, stopping for drinks at Monty's raw bar, and Scottys Landing for lunch is a must, we went there for lunch twice its such a fab position overlooking the marina and the food was fantastic and not expensive ranges from $3 -$12. Also you must take a look at the Fresh Market lots of fantastic foods all well laid out, salads, veg, grocery etc (all around the miami city hall area)Many Many restaurants in the grove and has a village feel about the place, All in all had a great stay at this hotel and would stay here again  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leslinek
<Content>Great Stay at the Sonesta We booked a one-bedroom suite for 5 nights and enjoyed the high quality accomodations and service. The Sonesta is very clean and well maintained, light years ahead of pricier hotels in South Beach where we usually stay. The view of the Bay is spectacular. The staff was the friendliest and most efficient we've run across anywhere in our numerous Miami visits. We followed the advice of other reviewers who suggested we park in the public garage next door (literally) to the Hotel and paid $3 a night ($6 on weekends) rather than the $18 charged by the valet service (which might be a better deal if you enter and exit several times a day). The 8th floor pool is surprisingly large especially compared to roof-top pools in SoBe.We will certainly stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dezmond
<Content>Ok to good, not great We stayed at the Sonesta in Coconut grove for our honeymoon. We love Miami, and the location in the grove is great. Also, the views from the hotel are really nice. However, little things did not equal the money spent. The walls are so thin you can forget about sleep. I could hear conversations word for word at the pool 17 stories below. A door opening / closing sounds like it's in your face. Also our phone did not work properly, and it took 30 mins. and two calls to get a luggage cart. All in all most of the staff were nice and it's a good value for Miami, but definately not a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>baddabingtim
<Content>It is in a good location but some issues with noisy people I work in Coral Gables and Live in Boston - This was my first stay at the Sonesta - the location is nice and the view is good. The first night I got a small room and a balcony that I could not even stand on - then I switched rooms, and some people next door were partying all night on the balcony - if someone is next to you, the windows do not muffle the balcony sounds. I did them a favor and flipped there do not disturb the next morning to please clean room. I will try and switch again tonight if possible. I am staying 5 nights.Compared to the Colonnade - the location is better but noise can be a problem  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>RiverSpirit
<Content>Very good experience and value Plusses: Attractive hotel, well maintained, with a business hotel atmosphere (classy lobby, much marble or stone) , yet a social pool scene (with bar close at hand) and quite a few families staying there in summer. My room had only the city view but it was sweeping. I still remember watching the thunderstorm roll in. View of the bay and coast was even more impressive from pool deck and bayside rooms. Bedding very classy  comfortable. Room amenities nice. Great location in The Grove: right ontop of all the activities. Close to Coral Gables, downtown Miami, etc. But not South Beach of course. I got a low summer rate on-line of $128, total - a good value. Minuses: Get a room on 11th floor or higher: partyers in The Grove can be heard some below 8th floor. Don't take 8th floor - that has pool, restaurant traffic. Tips: Valet parking is c. $15, but the self-serve basement garage underneath hotel is $3-5/night and reached by turning into entrance just below, south of hotel front door (toward the bay). It's an unmanned garage, so I wouldn't let a woman alone at night walk in there, despite security patrols. Fitness Center on penthouse has a sauna and (nonworking) steam room. Didn't use the free shuttle to oceanfront Key Biscayne Sonesta, but their pool bigger and nicer, and the Cape Florida State Park beach a mile away (you can walk the shoreline) is the most beautiful in the county, esp. on a weekday or in the morning or at low tide.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great all rounder! I stayed on my own in a one bedroom suite for 2 nights and then moved to a 2 bedroom palm suite for 3 nights when my family arrived. Go for the palm suite, it was huge. I think we had one of the best on the 21st floor overlooking the marina. A bit noisy outside with the hotel next door's air con unit on the roof but otherwise the view was spectacular. Very friendly staff, especially Chez. Helped me move rooms and was generally a very friendly, genuine person.Coconut Grove was a good choice for us, smaller and quieter. We visited Miami Beach but that was not for us. Plenty of restaurants near by but the food in the hotel was very good.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, friendly Hotel We stayed at the Sonesta for a week and had a wonderful time. It is a really relaxed place with an edge of sophistication. The staff were all friendly and attentive and made a real fuss of the children. We had a city facing mini suite on the 9th Floor which was spacious and well equipped, including a small sound system and kitchen area. Beds were extremely comfortable and having two bathroooms was very handy. The pool area on the 8th floor is fantastic and was never busy whilst we were there. The views from the pool area and aptly named Panorama Bar are impressive. Drinks were a little on the pricey side from the pool bar, but food was excellent and more reasonably priced. The valet parking is USD 19 per day, which seems a lot, but has no restrictions, so if you are coming and going, is comparable with local parking lots. The parking garage at to the side of the hotel is USD 6 each time you exit.Coconut Grove is a nice area with plenty of family friendly places to eat - particularly recommend the Jaguar on Grand Ave and Senor Frogs. It did get lively toward the weekends, but street noise was not at all intrusive. All in all this is a lovely hotel and you will not go far wrong staying here.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel! Stayed at the Sonesta for a few days before our cruise and was incredibly surprised by this hotel. Stayed at a few Miami hotels that have all been 'garbage' especially those art deco ones. Sonesta is a super modern hotel with modern amenities, excellent service and excellent rooms. In my opinion, best hotel in Miami for the money. Even the bell man knew our names a greeted us every day by our names. Could not fault the hotel in any way!Highly recommend this hotel. Also received a comp upgrade to an ocean view - WOW! amazing. If you can afford the $$$ - highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great vaule, a great view The only reason my fiancé and I stayed at the Sonesta was a weekend getaway as well as a few other choice were booked, like the Ritz Carlton on Key Biscayne. We were participating in the March of Dimes walk on Key Biscayne, a good excuse to getaway for the weekend.We did not get anything extravagant, just a standard room with an ocean/bay view. The room was very clean and sleek with the muted browns, very modern. The rate per night was reasonable. The service was great and the people very friendly. The hotel is in a great location to Coco Walk which has shopping, the movies and a couple of restaurants.We ate one night at Ginger Grover, the food was delicious and plentiful, enough to take home. The room had a kitchenette, so I enjoyed my leftover later that weekend.It also is walking distance to the Marina and Coconut Grove Convention Center, but a central location to go by car to South Beach, Coral Gables and/or Key Biscayne. The hotel also offers a beach pass to their sister hotel on Key Biscayne, which cost about 25.00. It entitles you to towels, umbrellas and all the beach facilities. We took advantage of this, but it was quite windy, so we had lunch instead by the pool and the beach. We enjoyed our short and unplanned mini vacation. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to just relax with a bit of luxury at a reasonable amount. No it's not a 4 or 5 star, but the value combined with location makes it a winner.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for families We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. We= 2 adults  2 children (1 being a toddler). The 1 bedroom suite was perfect-with a very nice sized kitchenette  2 bathrooms. I had read on this site about noise issues; we had an ocean view  it was very quiet. The pool is great  not crowded. Highly recommend this to families-it is child friendly without losing a sense of style.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elakan
<Content>Not bad I stayed here for 2 nights for a conference at the hotel. IT was my first time at Coconut Grove. I had a room with a bay view on the 11th floor. It had a balcony with a small table and two chairs. The room was spacious. The bathroom was very nice, huge bathtub. Tons of nice soft plushy towels. The credenza with TV was really worn out and scratched but other than that everything was clean. The place appeared a ltitle understaffed though. The newspapers were available but you have to ask for it at the front desk (Local paper, WSJ, FT and USA Today). I didn't use the facilities. Locatoin is really nice if you need to do anyting in that area.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Danb
<Content>the uk view nice looking hotel in the heart of coconut groveservice good, staff friendly enoughweather being lovely helpedfood goodwe had a room on the 18th floor overlooking the ocean with balcony - well recommended  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>P4P2P
<Content>the hotel was nice overall - city view was load The hotel was nice. Although we requested a crib they still put us on the city view side. It was way to loud. I don't understand why they did not think of this prior to our arrival. We requested a room change but they where unable to accomadate us until the last night we where there since they where booked.Tehy also knocked down the final bill since we lost 2 nights of sleep because of the thumping from the club right next door.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ValFritz
<Content>The Sonesta was Great! We just returned yesterday from staying at the Sonesta. My son  I were touring the University of Miami, and they gave a tremendous discount for that, by the way. I had never been to Coconut Grove and booked this hotel based on reviews on this site. I also joined their Gold Club (free) and this apparently gave me a deluxe room, as well as a free breakfast each day! Unfortunately, no ocean views were available. I had read the posts about how noisy the hotel could be, so I requested a high floor to try to cut down on that. Didn't help. Our first night there (Sat.), either the bar next door or the sounds from a band playing at CocoWalk a block away sounded like it was on our balcony (and we were on the 17th floor). It went on until 1:30 a.m. But that was absolutely the only thing bad about the hotel. If I went again, however, I'd spring for the ocean view, if available, and not the city view. We had a deluxe room, as I said, that had a kitchenette and was VERY large. The service, the beds, the robes--everything was Ritz Carlton quality. Parking at $19 a day is very pricy--especially when they'd like you to tip them each time you get your car. I wasn't sure how many times we'd be going in and out, so I decided to use the hotel valet instead of the garage next door. Had I known we'd only go out twice a day, I'd have done the garage ($5 weekends, but you're charged each time you leave). Not only that, you have to wait for the valet to bring your car around. Chaz, the bellman, spent 10 mins. in our room when we arrived telling us where things were, pointing out places of interest in Cocowalk, etc. He was great. The restaurant has a spectacular view from the 8th floor and the food is great. I'd read that Cafe Tutu Tango in Cocowalk was the #1 rated restaurant for food in the area. We went there Sunday night and it was fabulous. They also have late night happy hour from 10p.m.-1a.m. with 2 for 1 drinks. Loud but very fun--seems more like you're in Mexico.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sheg
<Content>SOOOO Stylish This was our second stay at this Sonesta. The first time was 1 1/2 years ago and we stayed in a one bedroom suite. This time we had a standard room and we were not disappointed. The bathroom was a very nice size and the bedroom was perfectly acceptable, nicely appointed with an astounding city view (19th floor room). The lobby at this hotel was as stylish as ever and perfectly kept. All staff was very pleasant and gracious. We avoided the $19/day valet by simply parking in the parking garage immediately next door ($7.50). Noise was minimal and enjoyed having the newspaper the next morning as well as the in room coffee maker. Easy walk to CocoWalk and the other terrific little boutiques.Would go back a third time!Do have a drink or go up to the pool at least to take in the bay view. Very pretty.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So'noise'ta I personally don't like speaking or writing wrong of anything or anyone but if your reading this it is because you made time as I have had to do in order to let you know about our experience. What do you call a getway when your staying on a high floor and all you can listen to is the hallways full of adults who can't control their children in the wee hours of the night... When we phoned the reply was we can't do anything about that... I asked them please to have a security guard or someone from the hotel check it out and to no avail. This is not comforting when we are all paying (HIGH RATES) just to get to the VMA's! To top this one off when we showed up to take the transportation to the other hotel they offer it no longer is available and they couldn't do anything about that either! The view was nice of the bay - nothing out of this worldPool staff - not great, needs help on customer serviceall in all our experience was not the best or the worst (would you say?) :( The utmost and worst decision we could have made. If your looking for an ambiance to set the mood whether for biz or pleasure - take my advise on this - don't do it there. the time will come that we will try it again, but it surely will be a long time.Good luck if this is your choice, but there are other bed and breakfasts that are more accomodating to the people staying there. For now we surely will be going elsewhere.RESPONSE: SoNOISEta!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very polite staff -- loved the Sonesta! I stayed at the Sonesta for six nights beginning Sept.20th. I can't convey how friendly and polite the entire staff was. The valets, front desk, bellman, and housekeeping were all so friendly and aimed to please.My room was on the Cocowalk side and at night I could hear the music, but I popped my ear plugs in and it was fine. The walls are a bit thin as I could hear the couple in the room next door having sex, loudly, but again I popped in my ear plugs and it was fine. Next time I will opt for a room facing Biscayne Bay.The room was a tad small, but very clean and nicely decorated. The robes were nice and the king size bed was very comfortable. It had a thick pillow top mattress and the most comfortable pillows I have ever laid my head on.The bathroom had a huge oversized bathtub and aroma therapy soaps and gels.I didn't try the restaurant on the 8th fl but the view from it was amazing. There is also an outdoor area for sunning and relaxing on the 8th fl with great views.The $19 per day valet parking is expensive but you can get your car out as many times as you like all for $19 a day. It beats the public parking lot next door which charges you every time you take your car out.I definitely recommed this hotel and would stay there again. THere is a nice park across the street and it's right around the corner from CoCowalk. Monty's, a fantastic seafood restaurant is right down the street. It is also close to Coral Gables and just 10-15 minutes to Miami Beach.Thanks, Sonesta!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BeachBoy
<Content>Thank you Hotel Sonesta I stayed in this hotel only for one night. My wife was taken quite ill the day after our arrival. I called the reception and they immediately called 911. The hotel front desk manager Jo immediately posted security to our room and two hotel maids came to our room to ensure our comfort. One made camomile tea for my wife and brought extra pillows. The paramedics were brought to our room by the manager and he did everything possible to see that everything was being done for us.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and the management and I commend them for their thoughtfulness in a difficult situation. I would particularly like to thank the two maids who showed genuine kindness beyond their duty to my wife.Thank you  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>realityaddict
<Content>Wonderful location, superb hotel! I recently stayed at the Sonesta hotel, with a room facing Biscayne Bay. The room was an adequate size, with a plush king size bed, small balcony, and spacious bathroom with an oversized tub and aromatherapy amenities. The room had comfy robes, a personal coffee maker and the morning local paper was delivered to our door. The room was located on the 19th floor and was very quiet, but it was off season, so we didn't have neighbors on one side and the hotel seemed to be only a quarter of the way full. We did not hear the club music at all in our room, as it was on the opposite side of the hotel from the downtown grove area.The Sonesta is situated in the best location in Coconut Grove ,it is right on the corner of the bay and only steps away from Cocowalk and downtown Coconut Grove. The hotel restaurant and bar are open-aired with beautiful views of the the bay. It's the perfect place to eat or enjoy drinks and watch the sunset. It is on the expensive side, but many of the restaurants in the grove are and the view makes it worth it.The valet parking is a bit pricey - $19 per day, but the advantage is that you can retrieve your car many times per day without being charged each time you come and go, like in the underground lots.The hotel was extremely clean, comfortable and tastefully decorated in an art deco style. The staff were friendly and cheerful and even let us check in a few hours early.I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat, but I would always recommend the bay rooms, with their awesome views and quiet location.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lcrs
<Content>Loved the Sonesta       view from suite 1901  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ugafan33
<Content>Loved Sonesta Hotel Loved the Sonesta Hotel and Suites. Definitley pay the difference and get the ocean view. It has an excellent view of sailboat bay. Excellent staff talked with me on the phone all the way to the hotel since I was lost.Parking is about $5-$6 day next door. I would give it 5 stars but I figure there is always something better.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>US/UKTRAVELLER
<Content>happy to return We stayed there travelling from London England and have since been back. There are a couple of niggles but overall the stay was fantastic. Firstly the whole shuttle to the sister resort in the keys was slightly missold as being free - you do in fact need to pay $25 for this and if we had known in advance we wouldn't have bothered. Also parking, there is not much choice but to pay for the valet and this should be factored into the cost of the rooms (at an extra $20 a day) aside from that the rooms are lovely, the hotel is new and clean and the location and views are terrific. Have been there repeatedly and will go again. Would recommend anyone to spend the few extra dollars upgrading to a deluxe room if they can afford it as it is money well spent.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>leahjz
<Content>Nice Hotel, Bad Service       City View  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sampagirl
<Content>Sonesta Coconut Grove... nice, clean and a great view!!! We have stayed at the Sonesta for 4 nights in June. It's a new hotel, with a nice decor and even though our room was a small one (standard), it was very clean and full of light, with a very comfortable king size bed and with small fridge and coffee maker. The bathroom has a good size and is also very clean.The walls are thin (drywall), but the floor (20th floor) was always very quiet so it was not a problem for our stay. I had the opportunity of looking inside some of the other rooms (deluxe and suite) and they are very spacious and have a balcony, and I think perhaps next time I will try to get one of these bigger rooms.Their staff is kind and helpful.Something that HAS to be noticed is the view ... we had a FANTASTIC view from our room even if it had only a partial bay view it made our stay even better.Another feature that is also very convenient is that the hotel is very near shops and restaurants.By check out, expect to be charged about US$19,00 for parking. They also charge US$ 0,85 + taxes for local calls (even toll free numbers) so, if you do not want to pay for the use of the telephone, go to the public phone on the 8th floor (near restaurant).  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cookok
<Content>Liked the Sonesta... We stayed here Memorial Day weekend for 2 nights. A very clean and nice looking hotel. Hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful. However, they had no clue about a really great restaurant joint close by. Scotty's Landing on Pan American Drive next to the Chart House was very good, we ate there twice. Best fried shimp in a long time. It's outside under a huge awning right on the water. We walked from the hotel, can walk directly there on the roads, or a nice walk along the boat slips and waterway. We had a smaller room with view of the ocean and it was nice enough, with a nice size bathroom and big tub. However, next time I'd go for the Deluxe room w/kitchenette and couch and water view. It's fun to walk around the Cocoa Walk area, lots of outside cafes.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jrlaurie
<Content>Great hotel, awesome customer service This was a great hotel for our pre-cruise night stay. We arrived late, around 11:00pm, and the bellman took us up to the resturant in hopes of it still being open. It had just closed, but he pointed us in the direction of some resturants. Our room was nice and clean, bathroom was big. The beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept on, including mine at home. I only noticed noise from the clubs while standing on our balcony, but once doors were shut, I didn't notice any. I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation, and recommend it to anyone. The service was always friendly and with a smile.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Memorial Day weekend We stayed at the Sonesta Hotel and Suites Coconut Grove for Memorial Day weekend. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The hotel staff was friendly and the room was clean. We ate breakfast at Panorama and dinner at Tara steakhouse. Both were excellent. I would not recommend ordering appetizers from the pool because you may never get it. We waited 30 minutes, and when my husband went to ask the bartender about it, she forgot to put in the order. I was also disapointed because we did not have access to the Key Biscayne resort as advertised due to the weekend being a holiday. I would also not recommend the city view side for anyone who is a light sleeper due to the noise of the clubs in Coconut Grove.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Held business meeting - Excellent Service I recently held a business meeting for at this hotel. 30 people from all over the U.S. for 2 nights.The banquet and meeting room service was outstanding.I had one of the suites, it was on the smaller side. Great restaruant, bar, and pool on 8th floor overlooking the marina.Walking location to everything in Coconut Grove.A strong recommdation if you need meeting space and a place to stay in the Miami area. Trendy but not over the top.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ManchesterUKTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel... cannot fault this hotel at all, we were pleasantly surprised by the decor  cleanliness of the hotel. The staff were very helpful - some guests I saw were quite abrupt  rude.....politeness costs little. The pool area was great, has a fantastic view, and the overall situation of this hotel is excellent. Very close (within easy walking distance), of a shopping mall (Coconut Walk), and you can safely walk around the area. The only negative we had was - with being English - we prefer self-parking to valet parking, and the valet's didn't seem to quite understand we wanted to park our car ourselves......rather than pay excessive amounts for the privilege.Overall the hotel was great, we did get a good bargain from Skyauction, and would definately go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Flarma
<Content>So Refreshing The Sonesta is so refreshing. The hotel sparkles it's so clean, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the location is superb and the rooftop pool is beautiful...oh, and the restaurant is excellent too. Also, it is the best of both worlds to have access to the Key Biscayne Sonesta (beach). When I read some of these reviews I feel like they must have stayed in some other hotel. By the way, this is my third visit to this hotel and I will be back next year.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and comfortable - but not the jewel I expected The Sonesta has a lot of great attributes - great valet parking staff, beautiful pool deck, comfortable beds, clean and spacious bathroom and great location for walking to Coconut Grove attractions. The negatives end up being about equal to the positives - almost surly front desk staff did the bare minimum of their job - they answered only the question asked - as in not telling us where the pool towels were located when we called to say there was no staff at the pool and we could not find towels . . . did not tell us we needed to use our room key to activate the elevator when we checked in at 11:30 PM. The front desk never offered a greeting when we returned to the hotel. We booked the room through Expedia and definitely got a discounted rate - but also the discounted room (barely big enough for the king size bed - and only one morning paper to share between two split rooms that shared a single door to the main hallway). The noise from the local club was very loud and it could definitely ruin a night's sleep - the hotel needs to address this instead of letting guests settle in and be surprised. I had been really looking forward to this visit, but I don't think I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful Noise   showReview(3027119, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very clean and friendly staff.   showReview(3015006, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thin walls, bring earplugs...   showReview(2992719, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sonesta   showReview(2303218, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel could actually ruin your trip to Miami   showReview(2084982, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had A Great Stay!   showReview(1889074, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great location   showReview(1843617, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>March 30th Stayed at the Sonesta - For a new place it needs some work!   showReview(1765887, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSL230
<Content>Great Accomodations   showReview(1743059, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flatironjake
<Content>Brand spanking new!   showReview(1498950, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EMPLACEMENT EXTRA DANS COCONUT GROVE   showReview(19636785, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu deçu   showReview(18537897, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fahr ich wieder hin   showReview(13202260, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>silviags
<Content>maravillosa estadia   showReview(11086113, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>globalement satisfaisant   showReview(11437594, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

