<Author>Cram0120
<Content>Each stay has been great! I have stayed at this hotel approximately 10 times over the past 6-7 years. I find it to be a great hotel, although it has gotten a bit pricey over the years. The rooms are clean, the staff helpful, and the location is amazing.That being said. This hotel is definitely worth the money as long as you understand what you are in for in terms of the location. It is right on the corner of Bourbon and Toulouse, which is literally in the center of the french quarter. You will be right across from numerous bars, clubs, and strip joints, it will be loud outside, and you may get a little noise in your room depending where it is in the hotel.If you are a family with young children, then you might pay some heed to those who would choose not to stay here. However, if you are with an adult group and need a clean, safe, and higher class place to stay with many conveniences, then I would recommend no other place. Your vehicle will be safe in their lot (28 bucks a day, but you won't have any worries, and probably won't use the car at all while you are there). You can walk everywhere, and the stumble home (if that is your thing) is easy.Great hotel overall for people who want a full time Bourbon St experience.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KarLLondon
<Content>Horribly noisy We stayed at Inn on Bourbon for 4 nights. For everyone who has not been in New Orleans before, Bourbon st is full of bars with incredibly loud music and numerous drunk tourists walking along the street holding beers. It is almost impossible to sleep between 5 in the afternoon and 5 in the morning. The hotel itself is ok (although definitely not unique), but if we were aware of the surroundings we 'd definitely avoided it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	2	4	

<Author>Napali65
<Content>Great Hotel       Sitting area  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nawtycf
<Content>Horrible service We arrive and had reserved a bourbon balcony room on the 3rd floor.We were charged an additional 500 dollars for 4 nights for our room(which was on the 4th floor).Front desk employees very rude and told us that all we can do.We will move you in the morning.After waiting untill 5pm,we were in our new room,that had a girl in the shower in it(very uncomfortable for all!).The front desk and the manager acted like we were inconveniecing them!They never apologized!They kicked her out of the room in front of us,(uncomforable for all of us)and said they would send housekeeping...we waited for an additional hour.They never came untill morning!We also kept getiing locked out of our room.We must have had to go to the front desk at least 5 times in our 4 night stay.Abolutely the worst hotel stay and customer service I have ever experienced!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>darrennelson
<Content>Good Stay at The Inn       View from room in daytime  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>twinzmomie
<Content>Great Value and in the heart of Bourbon Street       View from Balcony towards Bourbon St  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>AlexBalham
<Content>Good value This hotel was very centrally located. Immediate access to all the bars and nightlife on Bourbon St. We had a courtyard room and I was disturbed my noise from the street or other late night guests coming back.The pool is a good size. We didn't have the breakfast, preferring to head out to Cafe du Monde and Brennans (both v nearby). I'd recommend it if you want somewhere central to stay. Bourbon Street (especially on Saturday night) is more raucous than jazz in parts and some of the nearby bars offer topless or nude dancing, which may offend some, but then don't stay on Bourbon St at all....  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>BPC73
<Content>Not for Everyone. If you have visions of lounging out on your Bourbon St. balcony and soaking up that sweet New Orleans jazz, don't stay at the Ramada Inn on Bourbon! Go at least a couple of blocks south. On the other hand, if you like catching-up on the latest rap  hip-hop karoke performed by very intoxicated patrons, blaring out of a so called rythm  blues bar (@ Club 544), then you will absolutely love this place. I also had several problems with the rooms interior, as the carpet was filthy (complete with several spilled drink stains), the non-smoking room sure didn't smell that way (no doubt caused by people constantly smoking on the balcony with the door wide open) and I had problems getting the A/C to sufficiently cool. After paying $257 dollars (parking included) for one night in a room I couldn't stand to be in, I just thought I would add this review. I realize that this has to be a challenging room to keep clean and I really don't blame Ramada. I'm not sure how one would steam clean carpets every other day and have the room dry for the next patrons in a matter of hours. If you kept the standards too high you would more than likely have to constantly cancel reservations due to room issues. These conditions just go with the territory I'm afraid. Just want others to know what to expect.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Melis_26
<Content>Great Hotel!! Location, location, location!!! This was a great place to stay! We loved every minute! We were within a few blocks of Decatur street, the market and Cafe Du Mode, we liked the bars on Decatur better than Boubon St. They were quieter and more our speed. Still easy walk from our hotel. Straight down Talouse was a great seafood place Kokoos, try it. Right around the corner from a ton of bars on Talouse, Yo mamas, Pat O'Briens, lots of little places with great food, good drink prices, and great staff. We ate at the Cajun cabin right next door, very good chicken pasta, on the balcony. We did spend a little time at the pool getting drinks from the hotel, it was very nice. My only Complaint would be that we stayed right on Bourbon and altough we knew it would be loud we had no idea!!! Saturday night it was like sleeping in the bar.. boom, boom, boom.. and we did our best to pass out! But.. Sunday and on things were much better. The hotel was clean, nice, great location, staff friendly, Bath and Body soap shampoo and lotion, rooms cleaned every day, nice lobby to sit in and wait to go to the airport and the bed was comfy. For the location and price this hotel can not be beat... I would say you have to be very picky to not like this hotel. We came to enjoy the French Quarter and we did. The hotel was great, location was great, it was in the middle of the bars on Bourbon street. Either way we went we had a ton of action to choose from and a ton of places to eat and drink and a short walk home.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RJM1468
<Content>Best Hotel in NOLA I first booked this hotel based on recommendations on trip advisor, and have been back twice since. This hotel is great 鈥?you can not find a better location if you are coming to NOLA for the action of the French Quarter and Bourbon street. We got a balcony room as a complementary upgrade, yet when we shut the doors we could not hear the sounds of Bourbon. Also has one of the best (good food and inexpensive) quick breakfasts in the area. A great hotel for a great price.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JPinOH
<Content>Location Location Location With this hotel you are paying for location. Right in the heart of the quarter on Rue Bourbon at Tooluse. Literally the exact center of the bars on Bourbon (541 Bourbon, the bars run from 100 thru 900). I have stayed here everytime I go to NOLA for Mardi Gras or Southern Decadence. The only problem I ever had was when I booked a package through priceline and they didn't inform the hotel that I had already paid, front desk took care of this in a matter of minutes. Security is tight. The rooms a little small but, if you are going to NOLA to be on Bourbon St you won't spend much time in your room except to sleep. Housekeeping staff is very friendly and non-intrusive. The rooms can be loud if on the exterior if this is a problem book a courtyard room it cuts the noise in half. A great thing they offered during Mardi Gras was that you could have guests. You have to sign them in and they get a wristband so they can get in the hotel. This is GREAT if like me you have friends around the area that you want to meet up with while in town.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ocnsunsets
<Content>Great Hotel right in the heart of Bourbon Street This is a beautiful hotel on the inside and out. The staff was wonderful, the location was great, the price for the room was right on par - I would highly recommend this hotel for first timers or repeat visitors. We had an inside room and were not bothered at all by the Bourbon Street noise. It is a party town and I am sure if we had a balcony room, we wouldve been up all night (or atleast until the party died) - we're beyond the party scene (ages 39, 64 and 67) and because of others suggestions on this site, I knew to request an interior room. We also did not run into any of the other problems mentioned (rude employees etc) by previous posters on this site. Stay here - you wont be sorry!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>wendigo
<Content>Excellent location, great for night owls My husband and I, along with 2 other couples, booked rooms at The Inn on Bourbon the weekend of July 18 for a special birthday weekend celebration. My husband and I were able to use some credit card reward points for the room, which is how we selected the property, while our friends booked through the hotel directly. They reported they got very reasonable rates. One of the couples got a balcony room, overlooking Toulouse. The other couple had a standard room with window over Toulouse, and my husband and I were on the front of the hotel, directly over Bourbon Street. Basically, if you look at the picture of the hotel on the web site, we had the tiny windows right over the flags. :-)I was pleased on check-in to find we had a non-smoking room. I had requested this, but because we were using points it was not guaranteed. I was slightly surprised that we had a room overlooking Bourbon Street, which seems a premium spot, but guess it isn't as popular because of the noise factor. And it was LOUD. But we expected this, so no worries there.The staff was very pleasant on check-in and even allowed us to unload our cars at curbside where we pulled up on Bourbon, even though they aren't really supposed to ... shhh! and directed us how to pull around to the parking deck. The bellman was great - wonderful personality! The balcony room wasn't ready yet, so he brought our friends' bags to our room and then came back to switch them over later when their room was ready.Our room was on the third floor. The elevators had a persistent odor of natural gas throughout the weekend that led us to fear they would blow up, but no problems. The room was pretty small and looked worn. The bed was a bit saggy. There were 2 small windows with 2 wing chairs and a little table between them. Everything was clean. The bathroom was fine, with a marble vanity and nice toiletries from Bath  Body Works. The shower had good water pressure and temperature. Again, everything seems well-worn, not just because of the historic location, but more likely because it's a popular party hotel. But again, very clean, no complaints.The rooms are LOUD. Especially ours that overlooked Bourbon directly. The party started at 1 p.m. and continued literally all night, until 4 or 5 a.m. At that point, the trash department came around and started dumping the dumpsters. We stayed out pretty late most nights, so it wasn't that big a deal to us. You definitely should request a courtyard room if this is going to be a problem.However, in addition to the street noise, we found the noise inside the hotel to be loud as well. The walls were paper thin. Our first morning, around 5 a.m. after listening to the revelry all night and adjusting, our neighbors came home to find one had suffered a house fire. We were treated to the resulting screaming, crying, and hysterical phone calls for the next two hours. It was like they were in our room. We understood, but even normal conversation is practically full volume. Also, the crack under the main door to the room was at least an inch high. No barrier there. Very odd.We did not eat at the restaurant, but sat at the bar in the lobby a couple times. Unremarkable and tucked behind a wall so you'd never know it's there unless you looked. We didn't use the pool but it looked nice and there were always people out there during this hot season in New Orleans.Overall, we had a nice stay here. It's definitely not an upscale property, but everything seems to be reasonably well maintained. I think the beds could use an upgrade, if the one in our room was any indication. The staff was friendly. As other posters have mentioned, they had good security, requiring us to show our room keys to enter the lobby at night. Nice decor in the lobby. I would recommend this hotel for its central location if you'd like to be in the middle of the action.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NJMommy0218
<Content>Old fashioned charm and service My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Inn on Bourbon while we attended a friend's wedding. We had a wonderful experience. I was a little worried at first because we already had this trip booked when we stayed at another Ramada hotel (Hazleton, PA) which was not so great, but the Inn on Bourbon is not your typical Ramada. The building is converted from an old French opera house. The lobby is beautiful and luxurious. Our room was an average sized room with 2 double beds (the hotel was full and there were no king rooms left). The room was clean, the beds were comfy, the bathroom was not huge, but bigger than most hotel bathrooms I've experienced. On the first day, we noticed the tub was draining slowly. We notified the front desk on our way out to breakfast and it was fixed by the time we returned. Our room faced Toulouse St., so we could hear the band at the bar next door starting at 1PM and going non-stop through the night every night, but we didn't mind much because we were out on Bourbon St. partying until about 4AM every night. If you want to sleep, the interior rooms have balconies over the courtyard area with the pool, but the hotel fills up fast and there is no guarantee you'll get one of those rooms. The priciest rooms have balconies over Bourbon St. The courtyard and pool are very nice and well maintained. A waiter will bring cocktails and food poolside. The best thing about the hotel is the location. It is on one of the busiest corners on Bourbon Street. Security is pretty tight in the evening. There is a security guard at the door, and you must show a room key to enter. This hotel is for people that want to party and be in the center of the action. There is a topless bar directly across the street. If that sort of thing bothers you, stay elsewhere. But if you want great service and a thrilling Bourbon St experience, I definitely recommend the Inn on Bourbon.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>msdker
<Content>Good Location/Bad Service My company held a small conference at this property so I attended as part of the group yet arrived earlier in the week and stayed later than the group to call on clients. The location is perfect for those wanting to take advantage of the Bourbon street nightlife, but it isn't a good option for business travel. I realize that I am in the low percentage of guests staying for business, so based on my experience, you make the judgment. I am a night owl, so hearing the loud music as if the nightclub was right outside my window until 1-2am was not that big of a deal. What really gets me is that the housecleaning team would start at 8am and would yell back and forth down the hallway. Plus they turned their radios up loud reverberating in the hallway. (There are signs posted about being quiet.) I can't judge the reveling guests that were loud through the night that I could hear in the hallway of which there were plenty, but the early risers that joined the housekeeper's loud exchanges pushed me over the edge. Overall, the front desk staff is unskilled, unknowledgeable about the area, rude and couldn't be bothered to help guests. They kept repeating my room number out loud which is a faux paux in the hotel industry. (I am a female traveling alone of which you at least provide a sense of security in not mentioning my room number aloud.) They didn't know where any of the landmarks were that we asked about and didn't take an additional step to figure it out. (No one else was waiting on assistance!) Only one individual was good and it was the day shift gentleman that was smaller in stature.I interacted with the bell staff twice. Once to pick up a package that was shipped to me and he was very helpful. The second time I called down to the bell stand asking for a luggage cart when no one answered. I had to call the front desk and was told it would be right up. It never came. I blame this on the same inadequate front desk staff because once I made three trips to get all my belongings downstairs, the bellman was quite apologetic and upset that I disregarded his attempts to load up my stuff.Valet was good and generally helpful. I would recommend they offer to give directions as an added service or just reconfirm how a guest would get back into the hotel garage. Maybe hand out a card? The reason is that GPS will tell you to go down Bourbon when the street is actually blocked off so you have to drive round and round trying to figure out the garage entrance is actually on Toulouse.There are no desks in the rooms. There is a small table, but it is not conducive to setting up your work station. The business center is tiny. At our conference, they would remove all our water bottles (open or not) when we would leave for lunch even if there was still water in them. The first day they didn't even bother replacing them but we requested it and they complied. The buffet food in the cafe was good although lunch was limited. The reservations staff was adequate.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fyre
<Content>We probably wouldn't stay here again This was not the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, but it certainly is not a hotel I'd stay in again. The good:Some of the staff were quite wonderful and went out of their way to be helpful, friendly and make our stay wonderful. They have a great bell captain, and bell staff, nice parking attendants, and a kind, gracious and charming concierge. That said, this is a hotel that seems to have housekeeping issues. We changed rooms because our room's air conditioning did not work. Yet my sisters room was freezing. The room we changed into was not that cool, either, but it was bearable. We were there for our wedding. It took my husband asking the desk 3 times before they changed our room. We asked the first time on Thursday, and they didn't address it til Friday evening, just when I had to change to get pictures taken. They didn't offer to move us, or even make any suggestions to help. The reservation staff was not helpful at all. The pool was nice. The location was nice. We didn't hear much noise, but you can hear a little even from the back of the hotel when people are partying on Bourbon. However, it didn't trouble us. We were there from Thursday til Monday. Our room wasn't made up one day at all-the girl came up on our wedding night when we were changing for dinner and asked us if we wanted our room made up. She looked so tired and we had seen her there that morning. We told her to forget it, as it was already late. She looked grateful.  While some of the staff were nice, to be honest, I wouldn't really consider this place again. There are nicer properties, and I doubt they will hurt for my business. The place was busy when we were there. However, I would give the Prince Conti, the Iberville Suites, the Monteleone, or the Royal Sonesta...all we've either stayed at or had friends and family stay at and had good stays a shake before returning to the Inn on Bourbon.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>kookookajoob
<Content>Inn On The Bourbon-Great Hotel My friend and I stayed at The Ramada Inn on Bourbon for only two nights. I鈥檓 wishing we could have stayed longer, this was my first trip to New Orleans, The French Quarter. I want to go back and when I do, I will be staying at this hotel. The rooms were wonderful and comfortable, the staff was very helpful and courteous. Expedia.com messed up our room and didn鈥檛 book us the smoking room we had thought was reserved for us. Though that room was not available for us on the day we arrived, Jonathon, the Desk Clerk at the time, reserved us a room for the following day, without charging us the additional costs involved. Now that鈥檚 what I call going the distance for customer satisfaction!People who actually complain about noise are quite silly actually. What did you expect? You ARE on Bourbon Street, after all. Did you really think drunk and goofy people would be quiet as church mice? lol And, as many suggest, just turn up the fan on the A/C, easily done.One thing that I truly appreciated was the extra security late at night. Hotel staff ask that all people entering the hotel produce their room keys before entering the hotel. This certainly made me feel safe.I have no complaints about The Ramada Inn on Bourbon Street at all and would highly recommend this Hotel to everyone and anyone planning a stay on Bourbon Street.Jackie-Toronto  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elllie_Mae
<Content>Perfect Location! I loved the Inn on Bourbon! The location was right in the middle of everything- short walk to tours, shopping, and great food. We had a courtyard view balcony room (perfect for smokers) and had no problems. The pool was amazing. I travel extensively for work and have stayed in a lot of hotels and would definitely recommend this hotel. With that said, I am by no means a picky traveler- we didn't have housekeeping in our room once, we just traded out our towels, trash and sheets daily. I personally would rather take the 2 minutes and do it myself rather than have strangers raiding through my stuff while I'm gone. Also, the only contact I had with the front desk was check- in and that was my only problem- the front desk guy was very standoffish and it was like we were a bother to him. I highly suggest booking on the company website, it was the cheapest I'd found. All in all a great time!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>TravelAgent12
<Content>Right in the Heart This hotel is not the best hotel ever, but it is for Bourbon Street location. I brought my fianc茅e for his 30th birthday from 28may08 - 02jul08. It is right in the middle of all of the night clubs. It is loud if you are staying on Bourbon. We had a room on the side street Toulouse. We could hear the noise on the street but with the balcony doors shut we had no problem sleeping. If you're here to sleep, stay in the Garden District.There is a convenience store around the corner on Toulouse that is the cheapest bet for the area. Get drinks there to start and walk up and down the strip. The hotel is also perfect for discovering the sites/museums of the French Quarter.I paid cash when I arrived and received no extra charges on my credit card. The front desk staff was friendly enough. They didn't go out of their way with warmth but if you needed help they would help. Don't forget to tip. You will learn that tips are accepted everywhere. We didn't use the maid service so we can't comment on that. When we arrived, our room was clean. We didn鈥檛 see bugs anywhere around the hotel. We also didn't eat there because New Orleans has way better restaurants.Enjoy the location, and the clean environment. New Orleans is wonderful. I鈥檝e been three times and can鈥檛 wait to go back.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>KatyDe
<Content>So glad we chose the Inn on Bourbon There couldn't be a better location in the French Quarter than this hotel. It is absolutely in the center of all the activities but the amazing thing is that once you step thru the doors it is a quiet oasis. We were on the 5th floor and not on the street side and we heard absolutely no outside noise. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially Larry. The exception was the women at the concierge desk. I had researched tours on the internet and knew which ones we wanted to book but obviously they weren't the ones paying the highest commission and she really pushed for tours that we didn't want.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tattooedbears
<Content>Smack dab in the middle of the action! I stayed at the Inn on Bourbon from June 12-16. It is a perfect location and very central to everything. I must agree if your interested in sleeping it is not for you. I didn't plan on sleeping so it was perfect.Housekeeping could use a better system. We seemed to get missed and had to ask that paper and towels be brought up to us. Not a big deal, we just did a quick tidy.The air conditioning wasn't all that great, but they were quick to come check it out for us. The hotel was booked solid and we could not be moved but we werereinbursed some of our bill due to the problems.The staff were nice and accomidating, overall it was a great stay. I am looking forward to staying at this location again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>MississippiSpirit
<Content>Great for Night Owls!!       DH in Lobby  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bradford72
<Content>The Perfect Stay! What a wonderful place to stay in the French Quarter! The location...if you want to stay in the middle of all the action...can't be beat. The staff, especially Larry the concierge, was beyond excellent. Larry was as genuine as can be, and really helped us settle in for our stay. The front desk staff was also very pleasant. I had booked the cheapest room available, figuring we weren't going to be staying indoors much anyway. When the girl at the front desk saw which room I had booked, she insisted on upgrading us to a larger room for free. She stated the room I had booked was very small, and she knew we would not be comfortable in it. She didn't have to do that, but she went out of her way and it made our stay that much better.As for the room, it was perfect for a three-night visit. We had plenty of room to move around, it was clean and in good repair, and the bed was probably one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in.We didn't dine in the hotel (except for a bagel in the morning), but we did take advantage of the pool area one afternoon. So relaxing! There were only a couple other people out there, and we were able to truly relax and enjoy the facilities. If you stay here, you must spend a little time relaxing by the pool!I would highly recomment the Inn on Bourbon to anyone staying in New Orleans. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bjhayden
<Content>charged me for someone else's mess! The hotel was fine until the charge cleared my banking account. They charged me an additional $75 for deep cleaning. There was an obnoxiously large, bright red stain at the foot of the bed, and my friend noticed it upon arrival. He even commented on the mess. We dismissed it, and continued our vacation. We spent a minimal amount of time in the room, and absolutely had nothing to do with a stain. I spoke to multiple clerks and they told me that I made the mess. I did nothing to mess up that hotel room, and I refuse to have someone tell me that I did...WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>FoodieSanFrancisco
<Content>Reasonably priced hotel If you want to be right in the middle of the action, this is the place for you. It is right on Bourdon Street, and is centrally located in the French Quarter. Since all the bars and music clubs on Bourdon Street are a hop and skip away from this hotel, you can hear all the noise from the street in the room (if your room is on the street side). Otherwise, for the price, this hotel is reasonable and clean for the rate of $74 a night. If you want a quiet hotel away from the partying scene, this is not the hotel for you. P.S. They also have a nice pool.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>YDoUSmell
<Content>Great location and value! My boyfriend and I stayed here for four nights, and I'd have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. If you want to be in the middle of all the action of the French Quarter, then this is it.Since it is located right on Bourbon Street, it can get a bit noisy- so if you want to go to bed anytime before 4 a.m., I'd suggest that you request a courtyard room. The rooms facing the street, however, have a balcony, which would have been nice. We didn't spend much time in the room, so we didn't really care.The hotel itself is beautiful, and the staff were accomodating. We got there before the room was ready, and they offered to hold our luggage there so we could walk around and explore until our room was ready. The only negative things I could say were that we requested a king bed and were given two doubles instead. Also, even though we couldn't hear any noise from the street, we could hear housekeeping every single morning, as well as any other noises in the hallways outside of the rooms. Other than that, the overal stay was excellent. Great location, clean rooms, good service. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>okcmenace
<Content>Loved the Inn on Bourbon!       View from Bourbon Street  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsrothtravels
<Content>So much more than expected The Inn on Bourbon is a fantastic value for the New Orleans visitor. Located directly on Bourbon Street, almost in the middle of the Quarter the location is really excellent. We planned this trip for my 40th birthday and my friend suggested the Inn on Bourbon as she has stayed there before. My first choice was the Royal Sonesta (the best in the Quarter if you ask me) however their rates were almost double that of the Inn. I have had some really unpleasant experiences with Ramada and so I was reticent but..after all, a bad day in New Orleans is still better than a good day anywhere else so I decided to book it. First off, this property is no ordinary Ramada, it's a Ramada Plaza, the brand's high end. It was a lovely old building, well maintained with every amenity you could ask for in a reasonably priced hotel. There is a breakfast restaurant (skip it and go either to Brennan's for a blowout or try Petunia's around the corner, fantastic food for breakfast lunch and dinner with great prices all day long. Go early, the lines get crazy). There is a little bar in the lobby which is often closed but you're on Bourbon so who cares?! The staff could not have been more outgoing, attentive or professional. They couldn't do enough for us and even upgraded us to a balcony room in honor of my birthday. The most shocking thing is the tranquility within the hotel itself. The doors must be made of magic because once they close you can barely hear any Bourbon street noise in the lobby. Our room had a balcony facing the interior courtyard which houses the pool. Really beautiful and tranquil. The rooms were large and well appointed and very, very clean. The perfect place to rest after a long hard day of boozing, dancing and eating to excess or as they say in New Orleans-an average Monday.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msu311girl
<Content>Beautiful hotel with great location! We got this room way cheaper than it should have been because we ordered so early in advance. The location was ideal. The hotel was beautiful and had a parking lot on set. There's an outdoor pool that's within the pool and very cute. The staff was helpful and nice. Well worth the price!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bama_girlx2006
<Content>Great Location but Oi Vey! Okay so....This was about my 10th trip to the French Quarter but the first time I've stayed at the Inn on Bourbon. The location CANNOT be beat if you like to be in the middle of the action. I had read a few negative reviews regarding the hotel staff on this website, but I can tell you that every member of the staff was friendly, approachable, and helpful. We got there before check-in, and they were happy to store our luggage so we could get started on a Hurricane! When we came back, we were more than a little obnoxious (Hey! After two Hurricanes each, it was amazing we were more than a little UPRIGHT!) Anyhoooo... Even though we were quite loud and obnoxious, the front desk staff was polite...like it was all in a day's work for them on Bourbon Street.The rooms were about average for a Ramada, Hilton, Sheraton, etc. A little worn here and there, but absolutely FINE for the most part. The bed wasn't the most comfortable. For a great bed, try the Dauphine Orleans one block over! OMG...they have memory foam mattresses that are to DIE for (but the roms are more expensive). You couldn't cuss a CAT in the bathroom, though (that's Southern for SMALL). If you like to leave the door open when you potty, be prepared to have the door sitting between your knees. But I digress....We had a Toulouse Street balcony room which was actually VERY close to Bourbon Street. There is a bar called the Opera House that sits on the corner of Toulouse and Bourbon, and let me just tell you that the band in that bar plays until at LEAST 3:30 a.m. every single night/morning (with the exception of Sunday.....which.....they stop around 1:30a.m.). That band was so loud, it was as if my mattress was lying in the middle of the nightclub. Now....there were nights where I was stumbling IN at 3:30 a.m. and then there were nights where I needed to DETOX and go to sleep at a reasonable hour. If you want quiet, I'd recommend a room with a courtyard balcony. I could not complain, though, because as a Bourbon Street Veteran, I KNEW what I was getting myself into. Just....food for thought.The breakfast bar in the hotel isn't bad.....bacon, sausage (which was floating in grease, but the bacon was good), cheese grits, biscuits, gravy, eggs, and taters....for $11.50. You had to pay extra if you wanted a Coke or tea for breakfast. Oh....one more bit of tid... If you check in and hand them a debit card to secure your room, they will hold the full amount of your stay (three nights is about $500) PLUS a little more (I think they held about $700 on my debit card). It wasn't an issue for me, but I was surprised to find that they held so much more than the rental amount. So...if you are counting on this money to buy Hand Grenades, Hurricanes, and Lucky Dogs, keep this in mind!All in all, great hotel location, and the BEST city in the world!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>RoadTripper504
<Content>20 time customer and local; look no further and ask for balcony... because the 43rd ranking that Trip advisor is so far off it's ridiculous. Grew up in the city and have stayed at just about all the hotels  BBs in both the Quarter and the Warehouse District over the past 10 years on trips back and can tell you if you're looking to party in the city then this is the place you want to stay. Hotel staff is great (ex. stayed here for the LSU game in Jan. and left my best pair of boots somewhere in the hotel but didn't recall where, called to check if they had been found a MONTH later and the lady said she knew exactly where they were; picked them up when I stayed there again for Mardi Gras) and the hotel/balconies are in the perfect place on Bourbon-the Royal Sonesta is too close to Canal St.. Rooms may be smaller and not quite as nice as some other hotels' but if you're in N.O. and in your room you must be in bed and their's are quite comfy.Lookin' for a Ritzesque room, go to the Ritz; looking for a clean, comfortable, perfectly located hotel with some of the friendliest staff nationwide-Inn on Bourbon, hands down best place in N.O.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canucks4
<Content>Not bad...Good Location for Partying!       Inn on Bourbon - from the street  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>vogpr
<Content>Great hotel in the perfect location My girlfriend and I wanted to stay a few days in New Orleans and decided to stay in this hotel based on the location (in the middle of Rue Bourbon!). And let me say that it was quite surprisingly good. The room faced the courtyard and pool so it was really quiet (which was my biggest fear of staying in Bourbon Street) so we where able to sleep well when exhausted of partying, watching the parades (though a few got cancelled due to the weather), eating Muffuletas and PoBoys, and drinking Abita Ambers and Sazeracs.It was like a little oasis of calm in the middle of the fun and sightseeing, which was the purpose of the trip. The room was like a normal hotel room with hints of New Orleans decor. So was the lobby which we found beautiful and adequate. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't give an opinion on that (but we recommend Napoleon House, it has awesome local food and drinks, and quite inexpensive). I don't give this hotel the full 5 stars because we requested with a month and a half in advance a king bed and they gave us a double but we really didn't mind but I can see other people being bothered by this.Stay in this hotel if you want to be in the middle of what makes New Orleans famous, the French Quarter and go there with an open, Laissez-faire attitude. For uptightedness go to Cape Cod or Palm Beach.Me: 32 gf: 28 Stay: Jan 23-28 2008  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ybrick
<Content>Great Stay! Great Location       View from Bourbon Balcony Room 3rd floor  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>emersonf
<Content>has bedbugs The have a massive bedbug problem. I had to go the emersgency after I found that I was allergic to them. not happy.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>randris
<Content>Great Service  The Inn on Bourbon was GREAT!! We stayed there Sept. 27-29,2007. The service was excellent,the rooms were spotless,the breakfast buffet was very good and you are right in the middle of Bourbon Street action. Two great bars, one across the street,Funky 544, and one next door, Razoo, were a geat time. This is our 4th visit to New Orleans and our 1st since Katrina and the French Quarter seemed to be doing great. Would recommend The Inn on Bourbon to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccolor
<Content>Great place to stay We always stay at the Inn on Bourbon when in New Orleans. Since we don't rent a car the location is perfect for walking throughout the French Quarter. The rooms are a nice size and the beds are comfortable and clean. Rooms facing Bourbon Street are very noisy at night, but people watching from the balcony is part of the fun. The hotel staff during the day are very nice to deal with and attentive to requests. We were sorry there were no refrigerators in the rooms, but a quick trip to the local AP for a cooler worked just fine. Our plans are to go back in the spring.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>moonboy74
<Content>Worst experience in a hotel ever! The hotel is less than they claim online but the service was the kicker! Reservations that were made thru Hotels.com were not honored at the whim of a rude night manager, Edwin Moore. He refused to even contact hotels.com to resolve this issue and demanded that my guest and my self pay extra to even stay. This was even after verifying our reservations the day before with the actual hotel desk staff. When we resigned to check in, paying in addition to the price that hotels.com charged us and resolve with the general manger in the morning, he kicked us out with no refund or a place to stay. I can say that the service was unacceptable. To add to the dissapointment, Ramada Inn corporate could have cared less either. Even after repeted complaints there has been nothing done to resolve this issue to this date. Beware of where you stay! You may know the name of the Chain the hotel operates under but Ramada does not care about customer service, customer satisfaction or repeat business.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Jaina2002
<Content>Great Location If you're looking for an optimal location to experience the nightlife in New Orleans- this hotel can't be beat. It's located right in the middle of Bourbon street and is just a short stumble from just about any hotspot.The check-in experience was a little frustrating. We got charged more than we were quoted when we made the reservation by phone. We had 4 people and they only marked us down for 2 when we got the quote for them, so they tried to charge us $35/person per night. After arguing that we told them we had 4 people and they quoted us the base price, the manager only charged us for one extra person.The valet parking experience isn't for the faint of heart. It's highly frustrating and very inefficient, however, it's still worth it to know that while you're out and about your car is safe. Plus, the prices are surprisingly low for this area.The rooms are very small though most visitors aren't coming here to stay in their rooms very long. We had four people in a room with 2 double beds and it was pretty cramped but it served its purpose.The rooms could be updated but were surprisingly very clean including the bathroom which I'm always wary about.This hotel is pretty noisy but you do have to realize you're on Bourbon street so that's to be expected.The lobby is very neat though their Business Center is more like a small closet with an ATM shoved in it. This hotel does have a security guard who checks for room keys to make sure that all people entering from the street are guests. This isn't a family hotel but it's a great place to take a short vacation without breaking the bank and it's an absolutely amazing and convenient way to get a glimpse of the New Orleans night life.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>safety86
<Content>Good Stay. Nothing Special. First, I have stayed in this hotel many times prior to Katrina. This was my first post-Katrina stay at the Ramada. I love the location. I've never had a problem here. It has always been clean, but could stand some room renovations (scuffed wall paint, etc). Rooms are not the largest either. The information in the guest book in the room said wireless internet was available for a fee, however, it allowed me free access. Rooms facing Bourbon Street can be noisy, especially lower level rooms and balcony rooms. So if noise is an issue, get a courtyard/pool facing room. I have never had a bad experience with the hotel staff, but the front desk personnel can be a little stuffy acting. The Concierge is an awesome lady that can recommend some great trips and good food, too.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>scubagator
<Content>Get Written confirmation! My travel party and I booked 2 rooms at this hotel for Labor Day weekend. We confirmed twice with our booking website that we had received 2 rooms with balconeys on Bourbon Street. Since we were delayed at the airport when we arrived, we called the hotel directly (spoke with a lady) to confirm a late check-in and that the rooms were balconey on Bourbon Street rooms. She confirmed both. Upon arrival at 11pm at night, after a hard day of travel and airport delays, we tried to check in and we were told we had only standard rooms and would have to pay an additional $100 per night per room for the Bourbon street balconey rooms. Imagine our surprise. We immediately asked to speak with a manager as the young man at the front desk wouldn't even supply us with the name of the girl who confirmed our earlier request. The manager didn't show up for over 10 minutes. During this time, the front desk clerk told us that the lady we had spoken with earlier in the evening had indeed confirmed late check-in for us but did NOT confirm balconey rooms. As the phone was on speaker phone in the car when we confirmed, I know this to be untrue. Anyhow, when the male night manager showed up, he was red faced and shaking. He told us that we had 2 choices--either take the rooms we were assigned or leave. I tried to ask him why one of the ladies at his hotel had confirmed our balconey rooms but he repeatedly interrupted me and would not allow me to speak. I then asked him not to interrupt me and he told me he would call the police. Mind you, I am an extensive world traveller. I am very respectful to others and therefore expect the same in return. At no time were there any raised voices or threatening language. I again questioned our earlier confirmation and he told us to leave his hotel, he was throwing us out. I'm sure he thought we would have difficulty finding another room but were accomated quite nicely at a competitor down the street. I have stayed in Kenya, Tanzania, Switzerland, Italy, France, England, China, Mexico, Bahamas, and numerous cities in the US. I have never even seen a street person or a dog treated the way I was. I do plan on forwarding this horrible incident to Ramada International and the New Orleans Tourist Board but since I am a faithful Trip Advisor member, I thought it important to share what has been my worst travel experience EVER !  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>junebug55
<Content>Spend your money elsewhere Worst experience in my many years of travel. We tryed to check in and called before going to dinner to confirm our reservation for two rooms with balconies on Bourbon Street. Upon arrival we were told our rooms were not on Bourbon Street and if we wanted those rooms it would be an additional $100 a night. We asked to see a manager and he did not appear for about ten minutes and when he did WOW! My friend tried to explain our dilema to the night manager . He interrupted her and she asked that she not be interrupted. He exploded and told us to leave his hotel and told us he would call the cops.I have been in public service work for many years and I have never seen a dog treated with the lack of respect that manager showed us that awful night.Happy ending however we went right down the bock to the Iberville Suites and were treated like royalty and ended up having our magical time in New Orleans. If New Orleans is trying to rebuild it's image and restore itself....this man needs to goBy the way, I never said a word during this entire encounter and my advice is to spend your money elsewhere!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Nellie5
<Content>Loved this hotel This hotel was terrific. We got there at noon and they were happy to store our luggage and take it to our room so that we could leave. The room was freshly painted and everything was new and nice. I forgot to ask for a room in the back so our first night was noisy..but they were very happy to face us over the pool and it was completely silent... We were set up with tours of the swamp and a city tour right away. We got map locations and places to eat. This location is unbeatable..you can walk up and down Bourboun...eat in the best restaurants and listen to jazz without ever driving..or feeling unsafe. There is a breakfast buffet, however, you can also just choose what you want...breakfast for 2 people came to just $12.00! I would never stay anyplace else.It was a really great place to stay and I am NOT a partier.Donna  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmmonaco78
<Content>Bachelor party haven Went with 14 other guys for my bachelor party weekend. I fully expected to get thrown out of the hotel the first night. But surprisingly we did not. The rooms were excellent. We had a few balcony rooms on bourbon, and some looking at the pool. The staff was extremely accommodating , and the pool is very nice for a hotel on bourbon. The best part of this place though is the location. Right on bourbon in the middle of it all. If you are going to the big easy to party like a rockstar then stay here.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>betsyIndiana
<Content>Can't wait for my next trip ... next year! I have stayed at this hotel every year for 25 years. Made the mistake of staying somewhere else once and will never do that again. The hospitality at the Inn on Bourbon is fantastic. Last month when we stayed there, we got in a few hours before check in. They checked us in early with no additional charge ... very friendly and willing to go the extra mile. Can't wait til next year!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roccgt
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Stayed in late June 2007 (Monday nite) Was concerned because it is on Bourbon St. No problem, as we got a room on a high floor, not facing Bourbon, nor Toulouse St. The view wasn't much, but it was clean and quiet. Some of the rooms that don't face the street face the pool/courtyard, which is small, but quite pleasant. Also, these rooms are cheaper. Paid $79, plus parking, which was $28 (includes tax), which is about average for Quarter. Parking is on-site, and easily accessible, off Toulouse, which is a plus. We were surprised that it was as nice as it was-nice lobby, hallways, etc. Not your typical roadside Ramada. Rooms were average size, fresh and clean. Service was very good all around: desk, bell, valet. Crazy old Coot, et ux.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tigerfan1979
<Content>Much nicer than expected We really enjoyed our stay. I wanted to be close to the action, and I wasn't terribly concerned aoubt how nice the room was. We were very pleasantly surprised with this hotel. It is not just a party destination, but a very classy place.Yes, the rooms are a bit rundown, but it is much nicer than any other Ramada I've ever stayed at and the location cannot be beat.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>abaer51
<Content>Roadhard this hotel is roadhard to put it best. It's a nice hotel with old charm but it's worn down and you can tell the rooms have been partied in and seen quite a bit for many years. They're also a bit small but kept tidy considering the wear and tear they've gotten. service was good and it is a great location if you're looking to party.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jrandtim
<Content>For A Good Time Call...The Inn On Bourbon I recently visited New Orleans for Easter weekend and had the time of my life! I visited with my partner, my sister and her boyfriend. We are from Texas City and drove to New Orleans Friday. We arrived around noon and since check in wasn't till 4pm the hotel held our luggage for us while we ventured out on Bourbon Street. We listened to some live music and grabbed some World Famous Hand Grenades and checked back about 2:30pm and we're happy to find that our rooms were ready. We had two adjoining rooms sharing a balcony right on the corner of Bourbon and Toulouse. The rooms were nice, clean and very comfortable. We took advantage of our balcony and threw beads to people on the street every night. If you are going to New Orleans for a quiet weekend....then get a room on the backside overlooking the pool area or stay somewhere else because this is the place to stay if you want to party! I plan on visiting again soon and I will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bennettclan
<Content>Great location, but this is the problem! I booked this hotel because I was a bit naive about New Orleans and it was on the only street I'd heard of. It would have been perfect, except we were travelling with a 3 year old. I'm sure I don't need to say any more. We didn't know to ask for a quiet room, so it was like trying to sleep at a rock concert. The next night we were moved to a quieter room facing the inner courtyard. It was so quiet we slept like logs. Fantastic place in a brilliant location, but perhaps not for families with young children.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>JacksonGuy
<Content>Very Nice! Best on Bourbon... I booked four Balcony rooms (two on Bourbon, two on Toulousse) for three nights (March 2007). Rooms were nice, well kept, and decorated nicely with a quaint French Quarter feel. Balconies on Toulousse were great, but the Bourbon Street balcony (actually a large gallery over the sidewalk below) were outstanding! Huge, tables, chairs, and great view of the craziness below. Hotel staff attentive, pleasant, and polite. We really enjoyed the stay, and I highly recommend. Note: I will add that Bourbon Street balcony rooms are a bit loud, with lots of noise from street below, but this is to be expected. I enjoyed drifting off to sleep to the sound of jazz and zydeco -even if it was 3 or 4 am!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>happyadventurer
<Content>Be sure you have a detailed confirmation of your rates! We just returned from a weekend at the Inn on Bourbon. Overall, it was very nice. The lobby was elegant  the rooms were clean  nice. Everything was fine with our stay  went as I expected until we checked out. I had booked 2 rooms at the AAA rate. When we checked out we received the rate I had reserved for one room but not for the other (which was over a $100 error). When i questioned why, the front desk person just said that was what his computer showed. I explained that I had made the reservation for the 2 rooms together, that I had confirmed by reservations with the hotel  everything was in order. The only thing that wasn't was when I had requested a confirmation, they sent it simply stating the dates  the price for the first night. Not what type of rooms I had reserved nor the rates for the other 2 nights (which were less). I called back  requested a confirmation that gave all details, I was assured that my reservations were with the AAA rate, everything was in order,  they would forward a detailed confirmation. I never received the detailed confirmation before I left. Since I didn't have a detailed confirmation, the front desk person would not give me the AAA rate nor would he bring the manager (Cynthia) out for me to talk to. Since I was in a hurry tocatch a plane, I said I would contact them after I got home. On my way to the airport, I called the national reservation line for Ramada who had the correct information. They e-mailed the complete reservation to my office. The following day, I called the Inn on Bourbon  talked with the accountant (Kris) who said she didn't know anything about my situation but would check into it. I called her back later that afternoon  she told me my credit card had been refunded the overcharged amount. Thanks Kris. To the young man who was at the front desk on Tuesday morning......you have poor customer satisfaction skills!! You should have brought out the manager when I had asked  at the very least, you should have contacted your national reservation line. How is it that they had the correct reservations but you did not  why didn't you bother checking with them? Long story short.......Have a detailed confirmation with your rates  room description before you check in here!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	2	-1	4	

<Author>CancunCajun
<Content>Best in" The Big Easy" Having been to The French Quarter many times, and having stayed everywhere from The Monteleone, Cotton Exchange, Omni Queen  Crescent, Holiday Inn (both) among others, I can't recall at the moment, plus some further down  much seedier, past Checkpoint Charlies' for those of you who know how far down the road I'm talking about, we've always wanted to stay at The Ramada Inn On Bourbon, because it's a lovely hotel  it's right smack in the middle of all the action. If your planning on doing alot of paryting on Bourbon St  in the heart of the quarter, (especially at night) this is THE BEST place to stay. It's quite a hike from Canal street to Bourbon st. My husband  I, wanted a balcony room overlooking Bourbon, but we didn't want to pay the extra money, because it was this past January that we went, and we knew it would be cold, so we opted for a Toulouse Balcony room instead. We could see the crowds on Bourbon, and one of the hottest bars in the quarter is right there on the corner, so you see ALOT. =D . Let me say that the Staff at the Ramada Inn On Bourbon are THE NICEST, MOST ACCOMIDATING people, we have ever had the pleasure of dealing with... from the valet, to check in, to bell hop, to room, took a total of 15 minutes! ( and we got there early) Honestly, we've stayed at alot of hotels, motels  resorts, and these polished, friendly professionals were some of THE BEST!!! Way to go guys! We had booked our rooms using a AAA discount. When we got there, the lady at the front desk noticed that we were actually paying MORE than what she could offer it to us for! She saved us about $100 just starting with the room. Valet charges roughly $20 a day, it's charged to your room so you don't have the hassle of dealing with that seperately, and believe me your car is pulled around, with your baggage already loaded, waiting on YOU when you check out. It took us all of 7 minutes, from check out, to driving off! ( and it was Sugar Bowl Weekend) The valet made sure, by asking us if we had our cameras along with anything else we might need when we checked in. The rooms are very nice. Coffee maker, in room safe, free highspeed internet access, luxury bedding. The pillows  bedding were absolutely awesome. Bed, Bath  Beyond toiletries. Wrought Iron Balconies, with Bistro table  chairs, cable T.V. They had movies that you could purchase that were still in Theaters. So, we watched movies from our room. (That was a plus for us) We didn't feel like going out one night ( hung over), so we watched movies  watched the crowds from the balcony. The security is the best I've ever seen. I believe we were in the safest hotel in the quarter. Police ride horseback in the quarter. We went during the SugarBowl, so their were alot of rowdy college kids, just out to party and have fun, the horses were tied right along side the alley portion of our hotel. So, we thought that was a plus. The only negative, ( which it really isn't a negative) is the restraunt was undergoing renovations and room service was unavailable at the time that we went. We went to NO about 4 weeks before Katrina hit, and this was our first time to go back since then. There are very few buildings that actually were boarded up . The Quarter really wasn't damaged as bad, as say the '9th Ward'. Most of the images you see on the news, internet etc, is from the 9th Ward  not the Quarter. The Quarter is still kicking  going strong. We noticed alot of help wanted signs. That was so positive to see! We're going back to our home away from home, and this is our new Hotel of choice. If you're wanting absolute solitude  quiet, stay in the Garden District or closer to Canal  take a cab if you don't feel like walking. ( $5-$10) Once we closed the french doors to the balcony,  pulled the double black out curtains we were sleeping like babies, and the music from the street was nothing more than a muted sound lulling us to sleep.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RAINKIR
<Content>Can't get any closer to Bourbon Street action This is a great hotel if you want to stay in the middle of all the Bourbon Street excitement. There is non-stop action here - endless bars and clubs and a great place to people watch. With that comes a lot of noise, at all hours of the night. If you are going to party New Orleans style, this hotel is for you. And if you want to kick it up a notch get a balcony room overlooking Bourbon Street and have fun throwing beads to the crowds below. If you're planning on spending most of your time in the French Quarter this is a great location, as you won't have to worry about transportation around the city. If you want to stay somewhere with a more personal touch and in a more quiet location, I can highly recommend the 1896 O'Malley House BB (#1 rated in New Orleans). Either way, you will have a great time in NOLA.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xpnsve
<Content>Beautiful location! We stayed here the last week of September, 2006. The room was small, but beautiful. We had a balcony the overlooked Toulouse Street on the 3rd floor. The room was kept neat and clean. We found it to be quiet at night and we were able to sleep comfortably.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buddhafly
<Content>good location, lame room. right on bourbon street in french quarter, so you dont ever need a taxi. but it can be noisy all night so its not for those who want to rest. room is outdated. bathroom was like an old howard johnson motel bathroom from the 1970's. room, furniture and especially bathroom needs serious rennovation. windows cant open. parking staff good but about 20 bucks a day. staff ok. not a bad place, but not great.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>argonaut
<Content>Best of both worlds in the Big Easy This month, my boyfriend and I visited New Orleans for the first time. We weren't sure what to expect after Katrina's damage, but we knew we'd be in for an experience. When we arrived and drove down Bourbon Street, I was somewhat surprised to hear how loud it was. I was a little nervous that the inside of the hotel would reflect the insanity of the street below. As soon as we got inside, I realized I didn't have to worry. The inside of the hotel was clean, quiet, and very welcoming. The front desk and concierge were friendly and ready to answer any questions we had. Our room had a balcony which overlooked the courtyard and pool, which was really nice. From our balcony and the pool, the noise from Bourbon Street was completely blocked out, but the great thing was, we were in walking distance of all the bars, and could party whenever we wanted to, but then retreat to our room when we were done.Unfortunately, Katrina made a big mess of a good deal of New Orleans. The French Quarter (where this hotel is) didn't get hit as bad, but many other parts of the city are still in terrible shape, even 9 months later. If you get the chance, get down there for a visit to give New Orleans' economy a little boost. If you're looking to party, get a room with a Bourbon Street view, if you want a little peace and quiet, give the courtyard view a try.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>asmolen
<Content>Inn on Bourbon I read several reviews before settling on this property. I had concerns, but the rate was too good to pass up. The plus side of this hotel is the location. You can't beat it. In previous years, I have stayed on Canal and Tchopitoulas, but the walk takes everythink out of you. I felt that Canal is showing a lot of wear and tear since Katrina and was glad that I switched my reservations from the Marriott to this Ramada. I think the staff is doing it's best to meet the needs of the guests. I only got wash cloths in my bathroom one day, but it wasn't the end of the world. I usually let things like that bother me, but when you think of all that this area has been through, a washcloth really doens't matter much. My family and I enjoyed ever minute that we spent in NOLA in April. The people are as friendly as ever, and grateful for tourism. Don't stay at this hotel if you are looking for a restful night's sleep. My room was completely vulnerable to any sounds produced in the adjacent rooms. But it only lasted one night, all the drunks checked out Sunday morning.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hope you can take the Smell This was our first visit to New Orleans and probably the last. We drove from Michigan to FL then to New Orleans for a two night stay. We saw a lot damage to homes and businesses from the highway and wondered where is all the monies that everyone donated from Hurricane Katrina going too? We thought it would be nice and convienant to stay on Bourbon Street, so we could stumble back to our room if need be. They closed the street the two nights we were there so it was easy to walk around. We woke up early the next morning to walk around and visit some shops and buy some souveniors. This was a mistake all the shops were still mostly closed. The businesses that are open are out sweeping and cleaning the sidewalks. The smell was terrible in the morning with all the garbage, urine and vomit smells. We had to walk a few blocks over to avoid the smell.The hotel was nice overall, they were doing some outside remodling work. The breakfest was expensive about $12 each for the buffet. We asked for a king size non smoking room when we booked it, but was given two double beds and the room did have a smoke smell to it. I knew there would be a parking fee for staying, they charge $20 a day plus taxes. I was not overly impressed with this trip to New Orleans, hopefully one day they can rebuild after Katrina.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Guest Beware! My husband and I just returned from staying at the Inn on Bourbon April 21-24, 2006. I have to start by saying that we are never usually complainers and understand that things go wrong and no place is perfect. Upon check in, we asked the front desk clerk if she was giving us a good room and she says Oh, yes it is a nice room right on Bourbon Street. Ya-hoo for us! Our excitement was very short lived once we saw this great room on Bourbon. You could barely see a thing because we were right over an awning of the Balcony room below us. We had to crane our necks and press our cheeks against the window panes to get a glimpse down the street. The room overall was nicely appointed with a pleasing color scheme. We are generally early risers and hit the streets before 9:00am each morning. We always hang the sign that says refresh our room. This was of no use - each day we came back to the room at about 2:00 to rest before dinner and the room was still not done. We figured that the room finally was cleaned at about 3:00 each day. One day, we only received 1 bath towel, and no toilet paper - I was finally able to track someone down to get what we would need. No other rooms had their signs out, but they all managed to get their rooms cleaned before ours - go figure.... I suppose the general excuse is because of Katrina. I am sorry, but this excuse does not cut it on this issue. On the morning of our departure, Monday, I called down to the front desk to see about a late check out. Their normal check out time is 12:00noon. I asked to stay until 2 or 3, and was told that they could only extend until 1:00. What a joke since our maid does not even bother to clean the room until 3:00!We tried to use the business center to print out our boarding passes only to find that their internet connection was not working. They called an employee to fix the problem. In the mean time, a nice lady who works in their sales department was walking by and offered her office to print them out. Alas, an employee who knows about guest service. We were very greatful to her.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esheezie
<Content>Unfriendly service The only thing good about this hotel is the location. It is right in the heart of Bourbon Street. Other than that, it's terrible. The front-desk agents and other staff are extremely rude, and attempted to try and rip us off on parking costs as well as other things. The room was small and had one tiny window which didn't open. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the Price and Good Staff Myself and three friends stayed here for the Essence Festival. We were worried after some reviews, but we are all in our mid-twenties (broke) so we picked where the price and the action seemed to be. Our check-in was smooth and the room was nice. Sorta small, but that was the only thing. Our room looked out over the pool and though the shared balcony (it runs the length of the rooms overlooking the pool) was different, we met some new friends this way. The hotel is smack dab in the middle of the French Quarter, so stepping outside the doors is a little chaotic, so hope you like that ( we did.) I heard the security policy was strict here (you have to show a room key to re-enter the hotel, but the guards were not Nazis about this and we had no problems at all.) This may seem like a nuisance to some, but when you have people drunk and being loud only steps from your hotel door, you are grateful for it. Only complaint is that the breakfast seems pricey, but that's minor and it is all you can eat. Hopefully, this hotel and the Big Easy will bounce back from everything. :)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A visit that made history I was fortunate enough to have the chance to stay at the Inn on Bourbon during the last few days of its normalcy. MY fiance and I were guest on the friday and saturday before Hurricane Katrina hit and destroyed what we know as the big easy. Our experience at the Inn was excellent and it added to our unforgettable time in New Orleans. I will always remember the Inn on Bourbon because it is where I became engaged. Hopefully many more people will be able to stay at the Inn and share the same great experience that I did in 2005.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An idea location on the heart of Bourbon St. My family was very pleased with the location. I rated the property a 3 because it seemed to have somewhat like a damp smell to it but we soon got use to it. The staff was nice but most of them seemed to be new and kind of clueless in how to provide great guest service. But if you want to be on the heart of Bourbon St this is truly the idea location. The price was excellent and it was worth that and then some.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>briehl01
<Content>The Ramada was great! Me and four friends went to New Orleans for a girls weekend and chose the Ramada based on the location and online reviews. The hotel did not disappoint. The location is great - right on Bourbon - next to Razu. The rooms are clean, spacious, and comfortable. I would recommend upgrading to a balcony room - the rooms are larger and the balconies are great. Balcony rooms look over Bourbon, Toulouse Street, or the pool - it all depends what you want to see - we had two rooms - one overlooking Toulouse and one over the pool. Both had their perks! The staff was great and very accomodating to any and all requests. There is a doorman at night who is there for security purposes - that is a nice touch since I wouldn't want people in and out of my hotel at 4am! There is also a nice breakfast buffet every morning. It's perfect if you'd rather sleep in after a late night. The food is ok but the convenience is great. The pool was very nice - beautiful and well maintained setting. There was a sufficient amount of tables, chairs, and umbrellas. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>esor
<Content>great location My husband and I stayed in New Orleans 6/10-6/13/05. We thought the hotel was in a great location in the center of it all. Our room was not directly on Bourbon St, we had a view of the pool. The room was neat and we rarely heard any noise. If you want noise, reserve a room on Bourbon St. It doesn't matter what time of year you visit, Bourbon St is a party every night. Especially on Fri and Sat. nights. The only complaint we have is that one of the elevators kept getting stuck. We mentioned it the staff, but, the problem was never fixed during our stay. But, we just opted to take their other elevator. So it was really no big deal. Staff was friendly and they were willing to help with any questions regarding sights and restaurants. For the price, and location you can't go wrong with this hotel. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Hotel, in the Perfect Location! Myself, and a long time friend spent this years Essence Music Festival at The Inn on Bourbon, and it was wonderful.This is a beautifully appointed hotel, with an excellent staff. We had an inner courtyard room with french doors opening onto the wrought iron balcony, overlooking the courtyard. While the party was in full swing on Bourbon St., we never heard a thing either in our room, or when sitting out on the balcony.This hotel is in the perfect location for enjoying all that NOLA has to offer. A short walk down Bourbon will take you to the street cars, the party is right outside your door, and a short walk in another direction will take you to the French Market area.I am VERY particular about my hotel stays, and this one passed the test.However, I would caution against more than 2 people sharing a room, as they are on the small size. Other than that small item, we had NO complaints.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>grandmacc
<Content>Having fun in New Orleans French Quarter The Ramada Inn known as the Inn on Burbon Streeet in the French Quarter was the perfect location to have fun in the French Quarter. The hotel staff is very friendly, helpful and attentive to the guests needs. Everything from this hotel was handy and very close to all the fun activities, restaurants, and the casino in this area.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bg148
<Content>Great Location We stayed here for 3 nights in march 2005 (Eastern). It was our first time in NO and it was wonderful. We didn't have a balcony room, so our room (4th floor) was quiet, no noises from the streets. Room and bath: clean and spacious. Staff: friendly.The pool area is very nice with its courtyard, too.The hotel is right in the middle of the French District. You step out the door right into Bourbon Street where it all happens!Very comfortable hotel with everything you need to see in NO right on the doorstep or within a very short walking distance. We would stay here again. We also recommand the NOAIRPORTSHUTTLE it worked very well.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>early1
<Content>absolutely awesome!!!! Just got back from nawlins.4/28 and had a wonderful experience. We stayed at the Ramada Plaza Inn on Bourbon. I read some bad reviews on this hotel and none of them were true. We had a great room with a balcony overlooking the pool. It was clean and did not stink. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We will stay here again. We were within walking distance to everything. I'm telling all my friends to go, it's a blast.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clearwater_Beach_Fan
<Content>Great time on Burbon The Inn on Burbon was a great location and lots of fun. We were in town for the New Years Eve festivities and spent five nights there. Location was convenient, an easy, safe walk to loads of resturants and bars. We had a third floor balcony room on Tolouse Street. The open air bar across the street played loud rock  roll music from 11:00 am until 3:00 am so we stayed out till 2:30 or 3 most nights since there was no sense trying to sleep. Next time we will either get a balcony on Burbon (more fun) or an inside room (more sleep). The side street just wasn't the same. The little convenience market just below our balcony was a great place to pick up everything.The staff was friendly and helpful - stored our luggage before check in, good with cab's, directions, attractions etc... the WW-II museum was awesome. The hotel was clean and well managed. There were police everywhere and the Inn was very safe and secure. They sponsored a hospitality suite for the local officers over night each night so there was no shortage. Also the staff made sure everyone who entered the building after dark had a room key to prove they belonged.We had a great time and look forward to a return trip to the Big Easy.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gwtwdebbi
<Content>Gotta love New Orleans Booked the Balcony on Bourbon Celebration package from the Inn on Bourbon web site...very pricy but worth it for a great surprise birthday trip. The hotel was extremely accomodating in assisting me with a birthday surprise which my husband did not know about other couples joining us at the hotel. Thank you to the hotel! As others have written, you will not get a good night sleep in the room early in the evening, but, hey, why did you go to New Orleans anyway!Great location....Great time!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VINEYBOY
<Content>loved the beat - great loaction We stayed here for 2 nights in january 2005. The hotel is superbly placed on the Bourbon, however, the downside to that could be the noise. Our room was on the top floor, but on the corner of Bourbon street and Toulouse..........therefore the beat from the clubs could be felt. However, the room was so comfortbale, an dthe bed such a joy, indeed i had the nicest sleeps here in 10 days touring the deep south.......  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great experience My husband and I stayed at this hotel the night before we left for our honeymoon on a cruise. Great customer service and very helpful. The room was very clean. The lobby was very nice. We enjoyed the experience very much. If you are looking for a hotel on Bourbon Street this is a great one to stay at. We did not have a balcony room so can't tell you how that was. But this hotel was located right in the French Quarter and easy access to all the excitement. I give it an A.....  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelGoddest
<Content>Great Location, Great hotel This was our first trip to New Orleans. This hotel made our trip more enjoyable. You couldn't ask for a better location. Right in the center of Bourbon Street. Since New Orleans has such high crime this location was key. The hotel was beautiful and the staff couldn't have been more friendly and nicer. We stayed for 5 nights and then took a cruise and returned for another 2 nights. The bell service was nice enough to hold some of our luggage during our cruise. The breakfast was good, the staff there was the friendliest, a little over priced, but well worth it. The only complaint is if you are a light sleeper, this hotel is located where the bars and clubs can be nosey, but who goes to New Orleans to sleep. If I ever return to New Orleans I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st Trip to New Orleans and Loved My Stay I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to New Orleans for a good time. It was right in the heart of the French Quarter, and dead in the center of Bourbon St. My fiance and I went there in June of 2003 and, incedentally, that's where he proposed to me. We couldn't have asked for a nicer room, or a better staff. WHEN we go back to New Orleans, this is where we will stay. It was wonderful. By the way, I also recommend Jimmy Buffets Margaritaville resturaunt! We, my fiance and I, ate there twice in the week we were there.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Derohn
<Content>Great location I just returned from staying at the Ramada 12/1-12/5/04. The hotel is a nice hotel despite some of the reviews. My room was clean and the location was excellent. I didnt mind the noise at all. I mean I have heard that the French Quarters was a live place for starters so I didnt go there expecting anything less. Only problem I had with my room was the tv remote, and when I called they came within 5 mins with a brand new remote. I would recommend this hotel to anyone interested in staying in the French Quarter!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay I spent 5 nights at the Ramada Plaza Hotel in November 2004 and had a wonderful trip. I scanned all of the reviews for a hotel in NO and was pleased with the reviews I read for this hotel and decided to give it a try and was not disappointed at all. The staff was helpful and courteous and the room was clean and the location was the best. When there was a problem with the fire alarm and I complained, within 5 minutes maintenance came knocking at my door. In some places I read the hotel was a 3 star but I definitely give it a 4 1/2 star!!! I made my reservation through Expedia and got an excellent price and had no problem when checking in. Bourbon Street is very very noisy and at the corner across the street from the hotel is a pub going until at least 2 am but it did not bother me in the least, they played great music! I would definitely go there again and highly recommend this hotel and hope my review helps someone like others helped me!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Place I've returned to this hotel many times, despite the reviews. My room has always been as promised and very clean. The staff has always been great too. I guess they remember me from previous stays, but they do seem to go out of their way to be nice to me. The location is GREAT!!! I don't recommend a balcony room on Bourbon Street unless you want to party all night.... trust me! I like it because it is centered on Bourbon near the places I like to visit and near Jackson Sq. too. The breakfast buffet is ok, but limited.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DONT LISTEN TO NEGATIVE REVIEWS This hotel seems to be given a bad rating. In my opinion, this is NOT TRUE. The hotel is in one of the best locations in the french quarter. Yes, it is noisy and people do not sleep much and come in and out at all hours, BUT THIS IS WHAT BOURBON STREET IS ALL ABOUT!!!! The hotel has recently been renovated with brand new amentities in the rooms, including brand new carpet. The rooms are average in size, but have very nice furnishings, and have large barhtrooms. The balconies are outstanding and roomy, with easy french door access. The rest of the hotel is kept up very nicely, especially the lobby and courtyard. Parking was easy and convenient, a rare thing at french quarter hotels. If you are ready for the REAL french quarter challenge, this is the place to stay. You will have lots of fun, and when you stumble back into your room at 4 am, you will be very glad that you are steps away. Truly worth the money!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>young_curmudgeon
<Content>They play games with reservations Beware! Even with a confirmation number, you do not necessarily have a confirmed reservation at the Ramada Plaza, Inn on Bourbon.I'll give a very negative review even in advance of my trip! I go to NOLA every December, ten years now. I have observed the Inn on Bourbon, and wanted to try it. I have stayed at several places in the Quarter, and experienced the variety. I am not cheap, but I look for discounts. I booked the Inn through AARP for 13 days in December, gave my credit card number, and received a confirmation number.I even signed up for their Trip Rewards card -- like an airline frequent flier. I have other cards for other hotel chains. I booked the December stay in September. A week or so later, after booking airline flights, I went back to their site to view and confiirm, for myself, my hotel reservation. While their site accepts my confirmation number, they say I have no reservation!! I go back to their site, through AARP, etc., as I earlier booked, and now their rates have increased! So, they think they have me captive, with non-refundable airline tickets, and want me to RE-book at a higher rate? I don't think so. In trying to email communicate with them, through the local hotel site, the Ramada chain, AND through the mysterious Trip Rewards web site, one is put into an endless loop. having to fill in much information, and even repeat typing in the same text inquiry. Then it won't send and disappears! Several attempts, on three different days and times. I shouldnt have wasted my time. I suspect my account was pegged as someone who was, perhaps, given too great a discount, and they now discover they can get ther people for higher amounts. Certainly not a way to gain a potential new repeat customer to their whole chain and frequent customer membership card. Beware! Even with a confirmation number, you do not necessarily have a confirmed reservation.I was lucky. I found reservations nearby, and the Wyndham Bourbon Orleans matched and even beat the Ramada's original quoted price!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice stay I stayed at the Inn on Bourbon for four nightsin mid September, I asked for a quiet roomand got a very nice room on the top floor.Internet access was free, location was excellent and the staff were very nice.The only problems was the breakfast was a little expensive (approx $12) and during one night the was a lot of noise from other guests arguing for hours but you cannot blame the hotel for that. On the whole very good.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE place to stay We recently stayed for three nights at the Ramada (The Inn on Bourbon) right in the middle of the French District. You step out the door right into Bourbon Street where it all happens!Very comfortable hotel with everything you need to see in new Orleans right on the doorstep or within a very short walking distance.An added bonus is a free internet access service which allows you to keep up to date with your e-mails, and to book hotels at your next place(s) of visit.We would certainly head for The Inn on Bourbon on any future visit to New Orleans.David  Ishbel Nairne  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best kept secret on Bourbon Street Perfect location, in walking distance to great restaurants, local attractions, and lots of great jazz clubs. The staff were friendly and helpful and there is even a concierge to help with tours and good advice. Rooms were lovely with French doors leading to wonderful balcony overlooking the street. What is there not to like!! It has everything you need.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>neutral Not a good location, rooms smell because bourbon street smells like drink/vomit.Staff quasi rude/maid service good.This hotel has good security and doormen.Rooms are well appointed.Would recommend for the first time visitor, who is not big on sleep.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sarah_M
<Content>Illogical Rates The problem I had was with the rates. After I saw the room (not as nice as I expected  it was renovated!) and learned what others staying there were paying, I decided I either needed to check out or try to renegotiate the rate I had initially. I called the reservations line. I was told I could book a similar room (balconey overlooking Bourbon) for $100 less than what I was currently paying. The manager refused to honor the rate I was quoted over the phone even though I could have booked it and cancelled the initial rate. That made no sense to me. I will not stay there again. However, if you like the frat party atmosphere and want to throw beads from a Bourbon street balconey, this place is right in the middle of the action and you won't feel bad if someone pukes on the carpet.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fun First Trip to the Big Easy My husband and I drove to New Orleans for a wedding in late June, and we stayed at the Inn on Bourbon. Cons, I can't give it five stars because: 1) We could have hung meat in the room, the A/C kept it so cold.2) Parking at the hotel is extremely expensive - $20/day for guests, and we never took our car out of the garage - we didn't need to! The hotel is in the heart of the French Quarter, and everything was accessible on foot or via the trolley.3) We were on the fourth floor, so there was no balcony, and the windows were painted shut.4) Some drunk guy was running up and down the hall at 4:30 am yelling, Fire! (but that's hardly the hotel's fault).5) The door between our room and the one next door was secure, but we were able to hear every detail of the conversation in the next room. Pros:1) Location, location, location! It was a very convenient stumble from the bars back to our room.2) Courteous staff - I can't imagine what the other reviewers are talking about. Everyone we met was extremely pleasant and accommodating. The bellhop gave us excellent (i.e. better than Mapquest) directions for getting out of town when we left.3) Clean room - we had no issues with the cleanliness of the room, or with the housekeeping staff, supplies, etc. We had everything we needed.4) Lovely public areas - the lobby/bar area was pleasant to relax in while waiting for our friends.If you are driving, be aware that you'll have to overshoot Bourbon Street, then make a U-turn if you're trying to turn left down Bourbon. You will want to turn left at the street past the hotel (the hotel is on the corner) to get into the parking area. Parking is valet only. Don't bother unloading your bags on Bourbon street, as we did. They'll take care of them for you when you park your car.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was 'OK' This hotel was a bit over-priced, however our room was clean. The employees were helpful. My major complaint was the fact that the police had all of theFrench Quarter roads blocked off for vehicles, andwe couldn't get back to the room after the EssenceFestival. We didn't want to party all night! One night it was 3am when we finally figured out how to get back to the room around all the police/security barricades. I do not recommend anyone on getting a room in the French quarter!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dunc28480
<Content>It don't get more convenient than this I visited NO for the first time last year with a group of friends and had possible the best week of my life. The hotel itself is in the best location possible right in the middle of Bourbon street. It's clean and the staff are friendly. If you're looking for somewhere quiet then maybe look elsewhere but we found it to be ideal and we've booked to return without even considering another hotel.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time in New Orleans Coming from a big city like ny, it was a pleasure to meet such laid back, courteous people as i've met in new orleans. My family and I stayed at the Ramada Plaza Inn On Bourbon and this hotel hightened our stay in New Orleans. The staff was all smiles and very pleasant. Even before we enter the room there was a message waiting for us, welcoming us to the hotel and the hotel staff extended the courtesy, that if we needed anything to feel free to ask. We had a problem with our bathroom tub and within minutes of us reporting it there was an engineer there to fix it. The manager even called to make sure that everything else was ok with our rm. Although my parents didn't want to spring for a balcony room, the room we stayed in had everything we needed. It was comfortable and the housekeepers made sure it was clean every morning. The conceirge and bell staff was helpful in aiding us with tours and resteraunts. I especially liked hanging out in the courtyard, it was beautiful and very peaceful, and that was cool since the hotel is right on Bourbon St. it was nice to sit in the yard and not hear a peep from the party going on on Bourbon. My family and I are already making plans for a return trip and we're definitely staying at the Inn on Bourbon.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inn on Bourbon -2 thumbs up! The Ramada Plaza hotel Inn on Bourbon is the big Easy's best kept secret! This hotel was well maintained, clean, secure and has location, location, location! I did think that since it was on Bourbon Street, aka party central, that this hotel would be run down and filled with out of control party goers. Wrong! This is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. The pool area is breath taking, with its court yard and fountain. It has a wonderful restaurant, bar and lobby. The whole hotel is well staffed, and has great security. Next year I will without a doubt be staying at this hotel If you are looking for a great hotel directly on Bourbon Street, consider this place, I was very happy with my stay there. It is a 4 star hotel without the high price.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Inn on Bourbon My boyfriend and I stayed at the Inn last August. We enjoyed it so much we are headed back this August. This will be my 6th trip to NOLA  I have stayed in all manner of room, from a suite in a time share to a small room at the St. Anne Marie Antoinette. I loved the Ramada as much for its location as for its personality.You do not go to New Orleans to stay in a typical hotel, at least I don't. I want the narrow rooms that feel like old times, I can stay at a Holiday Inn anywhere. We found the staff to be extremely friendly  helpful; we requested a frig for the room  had one within an hour of check-in. The concierge gave us several great restaurant suggestions, for restaurants off the beaten path.All of the complaints about security make no sense to me. I want to feel safe in my person  my belongings while on vacation. I would think others would also! Who wants strangers roaming the hallways? I expect that at Mardi Gras or other holiday/festival times, the staff must be meaner and more strict, because those are the times when such measures are warranted.This is a typical New Orleans hotel, not the Ritz, but if you want the Ritz, go to New York! I love the Inn and recommend it to all who can afford it!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Ruined Anniversary I have used the reccommendations of tripadvisor.com's visitors many times and have never been disappointed, until now. Why? Because I did not read the reviews before I booked (and I prepaid and could not cancel). I agree with the others that say that the staff is extremely rude and stuck up. They think just because they have one of the few properties actually on Bourbon Street that they are the bomb! I am not going to go into as much detail as others have, but I would not reccommend this hotel to anyone in my circle of friends or family. To summarize... we had a small, smelly, musty room with green mold growing out of control in our tub area. Not only is this not a good choice for a hotel while visiting New Orleans it is potentially a health hazard. Oh, and I never saw one staff member smile or look happy to be there. The restaurant leaves alot to be desired too. I am off my soap box, do what you want to do. Outside of the hotel issues, out 3rd anniversary went off without a hitch! We did tour a hotel while we were there, called Iberville Suites by Ritz-Carlton, FABULOUS hotel with a free full-american breakfast buffet they said! That's where we are staying next time. And their rates are better than Ramada. Go figure!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viajeelmundo
<Content>Perfect hotel for first timers in the Big Easy! It was our first time in New Orleans and the Inn on Bourbon made our trip an unforgettable one. Location, location, location...this hotel is in the middle of everything making it soooo easy to walk everywhere within the French Quarter. I recommend a room with a balcony on bourbon for the full experience. With a balcony you will see and hear just about anything! The staff was extrememly helpful in directing us to the typical tourist sites as well as making nightly reservations to the best resturants in town. I do warn you that if you are interested in getting a quite night of rest, do not request a room facing bourbon, besides that I highly recommend this establishment.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not as bad as most the reviews say We stayed @ the in this past weekend during marti gras. Although we only satyed one night on sunday, it was so much fun. We went with 3 other couples, 2 of which go have been going for the past 3 years. Theay saty @ the inn on bourbon each time. I was wouried before because i read some of the reviews. I was expecting hitler @ the door. THe staff was so friendly!!!! THe only bad thing was that we requested a room next to another couple and a bourbon balcony room. Well, our rooms were'nr next to each other. It turned out to be a good thing because we got a room with a much bigger balcoy then them. I had a blast throwing beads down to the passer byers who would just about do anything. We were a group age range form 19-30. i am deffentaly going next year and every year after!!! i will have more fun every year i go. THe club razoos next had mtv visiting. Per the valet guy, mtv was also staying in this hotel. GO stay @ the ramada on bourbon, you'll love it. If you managed a hotel on bourbon during marti gras would you let every one and any one up to the rooms to visit. i would'nt!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Greenlawnsue
<Content>Location great, Rooms just OK We stayed at the Ramada Inn on Bourbon for one night. One night is enough. The check in was easy, but the front desk staff just didn't seem to want to be there. I finally got a smile out of one of them before I finished my check in. The lobby is nice and very comfortable, which seems like a world away from right outside the door on Bourbon St. Our room on the other hand was a disappointment. I realize that we are paying for location, but the rooms are kind of worn and smelly. We had a balcony room over Bourbon St. and had a lot of fun at night. If you stay here, just remember that you are paying for location. Everyone should experience a balcony room at least once!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A testament that location is not everything... My wife and I stayed a tad at this hotel while visiting Louisiana and found the facilities very disappointing. I knew whe I booked Ramada that I was not in store for a Ritz, but I figured since it was a Gold Key property (Ramada's best) that it would be considered around a 3-1/2 star property. Well was I dead wrong. The staff was rude. I got there and they said they were sold out, I showed where I had a room reserved through Hotels.com (who offered no assistance whatsoever), and they offered to move me to their sister property, Ramada Limited in METAIRIE, LA. Not acceptable. Long story short, I threw a fit and they gave me a broom-closet type room, very small, uncleaned and missing a TV. They did finally bring a TV up the next AFTERNOON, but all in all, it was very bad and I do not reccommend this hotel whatsoever. Stay a block or two off Bourbon, trust me, you will be glad you did!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meredith159
<Content>Would not stay there again We will never stay at this hotel again. The staff was rude and accomodations just so-so. Not worth the price of the room we stayed in.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Security at its finest! I love it! Enough with the complaints about the tight security and only paying guests are allowed in the rooms! I stayed at this hotel during Mardi Gras 2003 and we are going back again for Mardi Gras 2004. The way I look at it, I paid a lot of money for a balcony room on Bourbon Street and I want to make sure the people around me are paying guests too...not freeloaders or new friends for the night! As far as this part of Bourbon street being desolate...I guess that's an opinion because on Saturday night during Mardi Gras I couldn't even see the pavement, there were so many people. It was loads of fun people watching from our balcony in a prime location. As far as the hotel, yes, I can agree that the rooms are not huge, but they were appointed nicely. Of course you are paying out the ying yang for the hotel...look at the location! I found the staff to be polite and helpful. I got to know the doormen so I was never asked to show my hotel key, etc. No, the room was not ready when we got there but they allowed us to leave our bags in a room for later. I felt safe the whole time I was there...even with the throngs outside. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plain Awful This hotel is plain awful. Never stay here during peak periods or special events, they have hitler at the front door harrasing people as they enter. Its not just asking for your room key and ID, its interrogation at its finest. I am single and met a gentleman at Pat O's, and I asked him up to my room for a cup of coffee and private conversation. Bottomline, they would not allow him to even enter the lobby with me. Can you imagine? I felt as though I was in Alcatraz or Angola, not in a a hotel that I was paying $249 a night to stay at. Do yourself a favor, lets make a statement by not staying here. Eventually they may actually care about their clients and treat us with more respect. I fully understand the need for security, but when you charge my credit card a nightly deposit of $50 a night, plus the room charges why can't I have an in-room guest? Attentive security personnel should be adequite in finding problems with guests and people that do not belong there. This was ridiculous. DO NOT STAY HERE... EVER!!! The rooms were musty and small and the Bourbon balconies are OK, but no action on this part of Bourbon Street. Stay at Royal Sonesta or one of the many bed and breakfast's on Bourbon, you'll be glad you did not stay here... trust me.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't choose this hotel just for location... read on... Extreme Disappointment. Location is great, but the security is not really security at all. They post a sign up on the front door every special event or holiday that says REGISTERED GUESTS ONLY. I, while there, asked why? I was told it was for my protection. Bullsh*t! Who are they trying to kid? This is an insult to me. I have spoken to someone there in the office that told me the reason is this: So that the hotel does not lose revenue from 3-4 people staying in a room, when they only pay for 1-2. Is is the water consumption that allows for an extra $30 a night per additional person? I think not. In the hotel's mind, they are losing the ability to sell another room by having 3-4 in a room. So don't believe its for your protection. Please! Its not... oh, and don't let the intimidating security guard in a suit and tie guarding the front door scare you, JUST DO NOT STAY HERE. The rooms are old, musty, smelly and if it weren't for their location and half decent restaurant this property would not be a Ramada Gold Key property. TRUST!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repeat Guest My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon 7 years ago. We went back in 2001 and stayed in the same room. The service was excellent on both trips, and the hotel is beautiful with a great pool and courtyard, and a great location!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teesmc
<Content>Clean place, good location Stayed here in March 2003 and had a great time. I have stayed in many NOLA hotels and this has been the cleanest and nicest. The rooms were small but clean and fresh. Carpet wasn't musty like it is in other hotels in the Quarter. Price was reasonable too for the good location.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Security is out of control I stayed at the Inn on Bourbon during Mardis Gras 2003. We had a balcony room overlooking Bourbon. The rooms were clean and the balcony was nice, but the security at this place is out of control. I could understand if they only allowed 1 guest per paying guest, or required a room key for entrance after 2 am, but they would not even allow my wife and I to bring one other couple into the hotel in the middle of the day. I even offered to pay extra to get them in, tried to slip the doorman $100, but NO DICE! This is a ridiculous policy for a $400 a night room. The street in front of the hotel was probably the lamest on bourbon because the balconies had so few people on them. If you plan on making any friends in NO, you better choose another hotel. I am currently looking elsewhere for this year脗 s trip.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Left us alone, Awesome location We recently stayed at this hotel this past weekend (December 4-8) and had a great time, very impressed with the location of the hotel. It's right next to a club called Razoo's.....very happening place. I was a little worried in the beginning after reading some of these reviews concerning the security issues and that alot of people said they don't allow unregistered guests in your room. Well we never had that problem, as long as you walked by and flashed your key card at them they never would stop you. Awesome to be in the middle of the French Quarter, definitely recommend it. Quality isn't too great, rooms are a little small, but other than that it was fine.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our Stay We stayed at the Ramada on a package deal from Delta - loved it. The location was perfect for us and the room was clean and very well kept. The staff was always very pleasant and we would definately stay here again. We are returning to New Orleans for Thanksgiving and will be staying at the Royal Sonesta as there is nothing available at the Ramada. We are hoping we are just as pleased.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it I stayed there the 2003 Essence festival and my friend lost her key and I went up to the room without her while she went to the front desk, she popped up about 3 minutes later and he said that they just gave her a new key with no problem (and this was about 2am). The room was kind of small, but we weren't there for the room, it was more the location (bourbon). When we got our confirmation in the mail it said that we had NO BALCONY and when we got to the hotel our room did have a balcony so that was a plus. Me and my friend enjoyed ourselves that we have already made and paid for our reservation in November (2003 Bayou Classic).  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give me a break, reviewers! I have stayed at many hotels in the French Quarter and this is about as good as it gets for price, service, location. I have stayed at this hotel several times and have seen the sign stating the policy on not bringing unregistered guests in the hotel. The hotel, because of its location, simply doesn't want party central going on in its rooms...it doesn't want ten college kids sharing one hotel room...and it probably doesn't want people bringing new found friends into the hotel at 4 a.m., if you know what I mean. I don't see a problem keeping your card key on you and presenting it upon entering the building...it's called security. That being said, I have never been asked to present a card key, identification, or anything else when I enter the hotel and I am a young, single guy who likes to party. This is a great hotel maybe because the people complaining won't be back. The rooms are clean, the staff is very friendly, and the location cannot be beat. Great value.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"no unregistered guest in room" policy! This hotel was like an armed concentration camp and harassment central upon my recent stay - labor day weekend 2003. THIS IS NOT AN ISSOLATED EVENT - READ OTHER REVIEWS! It was the worst hotel experience I have had. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOU BUSINESS!Who ever heard of a hotel enforcing a no unregistered guest in room policy? That was one thing - how you were informed of this policy and the rude, insulant, and judmental way it was enforced was another!Furthemore, the no guest policy was strictly enforced unless the staff liked the way you way you or your guest looked - at which case it was not enforced or only one party of a couple was asked to present a cardkey. I witnessed this harasment based non-enforcement at four seperate and distinct times.The way this hotel treated guests and the city's police state attitude about this weekend tells me they don't apprecated individual business - and maybe this weekend's 90 million dollar event needs to take a break until the city, hotels, and bars change their attitute and treat patrons with at least a basic level of respect.The hotel informed guests of these rules by an three page list left on beds - their was no notice of these rules given when making reservation or checking in. At that date, the hotel was inforcing a 100% cancellation charge and any guest violating the policy will be asked to leave the premises immediatedly and CANNOT expect or demand ANY REFUND of the room charge.These terms and conditions were enforced without due prior notice. If a hotel wants to enforce an unusual policy wouldn't it be resonsible to expect notice of such upon making reservation through the hotel, upon confirmation with the hotel on serveral occasions, or upon checkin? Should't you have the right to make an informed decission on how to be treated and the level of service and respect to be expected for your dollars?For furhter reference to quote the hotel rules: All registered hotel guests are given coded keys at check-in. PLEASE CARRY YOUR OWN INDIVIDUAL KEY AND ANOTHER FORM OF ID AT ALL TIMES. The doormen and security officers will ask for your hotel key(s). Individuals not carrying a hotel key will be stopped at the front door of the hotel. ONLY REGISTERED GUESTS WILL BE ALLOWED TO ENTER THE HOTEL. Your room key and/or second form of picture ID such as a drivers license is also required. HOTEL GUESTS WILL NOT BE ALLOWED TO BRING NON-REGISTERED GUESTS INTO THE HOTEL. ONLY REGISTERED HOTEL GUESTS WILL BE ALLOWED TO ENTER THE HOTEL.Plus the airconditioning did not work after being repaired twice (which took all day) and when finally asking the management to be moved to a different room, the staff was dowright discourteous and evasive and responded only after I had the service person contact the front desk twice!Enough said, you are forewarned!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hotel Stinks I have never been treated so poorly at a hotel in all of my life. I was saying with a friend of mine and we went to dinner and only took one room key because we were in the same room. Upon our return they would not let us into the hotel without what seemed like a strip search. The people working the front desk are very rude and what I would consider unreasonable. The location is the ONLY thing going for the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My perspective   showReview(1257247, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bargain   showReview(1149820, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, that's about it   showReview(1021574, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(907238, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TERRIBLE   showReview(903174, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did not inform guests   showReview(857301, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Inn on Bourbon = Disappointment   showReview(829038, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>highly recommended   showReview(752596, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate lodging   showReview(707343, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>very satisfied!!   showReview(642621, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(17427400, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dina972
<Content>Super h么tel !   showReview(13288679, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

